<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161221_10-K_edgar_data_1294632_0001193125-16-800411_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22532688</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>3572950</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>790751</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8327623</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5046387</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2753913</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>2923</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-800411.hdr.sgml : 20161221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161221152640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-800411
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IASIS Healthcare LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001294632
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-GENERAL MEDICAL & SURGICAL HOSPITALS, NEC [8062]
		IRS NUMBER:				201150104
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-117362
		FILM NUMBER:		162063852

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 SEABOARD LANE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING E
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(615) 844-2747

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 SEABOARD LANE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING E
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-800411.txt : 20161221

10-K
 1
 d275632d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM  10-K         
       (Mark One)   
 
  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                             to
                            .   
  Commission File Number:  333-117362    
         
  IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

DELAWARE  
   
   20-1150104    
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

DOVER CENTRE  
  117 SEABOARD LANE, BUILDING E  
  FRANKLIN, TENNESSEE   
   
  37067   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code:
 (615) 844-2747       Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
     Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None   
         
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    YES       NO       Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.    YES       NO     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    YES       NO       (Note: As a voluntary filer not subject
to the filing requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has filed all reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months as if it were subject to such filing requirements.)
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).    YES       NO       Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation  S-K  is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form  10-K  or any amendment to this Form  10-K.      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated  filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Act).    YES       NO     
 As of December 21, 2016, 100% of the registrant s common interests outstanding (all of which are privately owned and are not traded
on any public market) were owned by IASIS Healthcare Corporation, its sole member.      

Table of Contents  

   CERTAIN TERMS   
 In this Annual Report on Form  10-K  (this  Report ), unless otherwise stated or indicated by
context, references to the  Company,   IASIS,   we,   our  or  us  refer to IASIS Healthcare LLC and its affiliates. Unless the context otherwise implies, the term  affiliates  means direct
and indirect subsidiaries of IASIS Healthcare LLC and partnerships and joint ventures in which such subsidiaries are partners. The terms  facilities  or  hospitals  refer to entities owned and operated by affiliates of IASIS and
the term  employees  refers to employees of affiliates of IASIS. Our parent company, IASIS Healthcare Corporation ( IAS ), is our sole member.  
  CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Our disclosure and analysis in this Report contain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements
that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as  believes,   expects,   may,   will,   should, 
 seeks,   approximately,   intends,   plans,   estimates,   projects,   continue,   initiative,  or  anticipates  or similar expressions that concern our
prospects, objectives, strategies, plans or intentions. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those expected. While we
believe our assumptions are reasonable, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant regulatory, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and may be beyond the
control of the Company. These factors include, but are not limited to:      

the effects related to implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the  Health Reform Law ),
potential legislative efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Reform Law following the 2016 Presidential and Congressional elections, the possible enactment of additional federal or state healthcare reforms, the outcome of court
challenges to such laws;        

the possible impact of the 2016 federal elections and changes to federal, state, or local laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry;    

our Health Choice managed care business  ability to effectively manage costs of care, maintain its governmental contracts and achieve its service line expansion strategies;    

the effects of a shift in volume or payor mix from commercial managed care payors to self-pay and Medicaid;        

increases in the amount, and risk of collectability, of uninsured accounts and deductibles and c opayment amounts for insured accounts;    

a reduction in or withholding of government-sponsored supplemental payments to our hospitals;        

the effects of any inability to retain and negotiate reasonable contracts with managed care plans as a result of consolidation among managed care organizations or otherwise;    

if insured patients switch from traditional commercial insurance plans to health insurance exchange ( Exchange ) plans;        

industry trends towards value-based purchasing and narrow networks and related competitive challenges to our hospitals;        

possible changes in the Medicare, Medicaid and other state programs, including Medicaid supplemental reimbursement programs or waiver programs, that may impact reimbursement to healthcare providers and insurers;

controls imposed by Medicare and third-party payors to reduce admissions and length of stay that negatively impact healthcare provider reimbursement;    

competition to attract and retain quality physicians, nurses, technicians and other personnel;        

the generally competitive nature of the healthcare industry;        

the possibility of health pandemics and the related impacts on our operations and financial results;    
      i  

Table of Contents  

a failure of our information systems or breach of our cybersecurity protections;        

the costs and operational challenges associated with information technology and medical equipment upgrades;        

challenges associated with the implementation of electronic health records ( EHRs ) and coding systems;        

compliance with extensive healthcare industry laws, regulations and investigations, including those with respect to patient privacy and physician-owned hospitals;    

reliance upon services provided by third-party vendors;        

the effects of local or national economic downturns on our business lines;        

risks associated with our acquisition and development strategy, including liabilities assumed in acquisitions of facilities and physician practices and our need to effectively integrate acquired companies into our
existing operations;        

increased lease rates and amended lease terms at certain of our facilities in connection with sale-leaseback transactions;        

risks associated with environmental, health and safety laws;        

risks associated with labor laws;        

potential adverse accounting impacts associated with goodwill carrying value;        

our dependence upon the services of key executive management personnel;        

our ability to maintain adequate internal controls over our financial and management systems;        

risks related to our indebtedness and capital structure; and        

other risk factors described in this Report.      Given these risks and uncertainties, you are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Report speaks only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of those statements to reflect future events or developments. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or
indications of future performance, unless specifically expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data.  
      ii  

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I    

1 

Item 1. Business   

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

35 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments   

58 

Item 2. Properties   

58 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings   

60 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

60 

PART II    

61 

Item 
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

61 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data   

61 

Item 
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

63 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk   

86 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

87 

Item 
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

132 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures   

132 

Item 9B. Other Information   

133 

PART III    

133 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance   

133 

Item 11. Executive Compensation   

136 

Item 
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

154 

Item 
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

156 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services   

157 

PART IV    

157 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   

157 

Signatures   

158 

iii  

Table of Contents  

   IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
    PART I       

Item 1.   
   Business.         Our Company   
 We are a healthcare services company headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee delivering high-quality, cost-effective healthcare through a broad
and differentiated set of capabilities and assets that includes acute care hospitals with related patient access points, and a diversified managed care risk platform ( risk platform ). Our business model is centered on deploying our acute
care expertise and risk platform, either separately or on an integrated basis, to manage population health, integrate the delivery and payment of healthcare services and ultimately expand our total market opportunities within our existing and new
geographic markets. Our Company is comprised of our acute care operations, which include 17 acute care hospitals, one behavioral health hospital and multiple other access points, including 147 physician clinics, multiple outpatient surgical units,
imaging centers, and investments in urgent care centers and  on-site  employer-based clinics, and our diversified and growing risk platform, Health Choice Arizona, Inc. and its affiliated entities ( Health
Choice ). Through Health Choice, we operate managed Medicaid and Medicare health plans, Exchange plans, a management services organization ( MSO ) that provides management and administrative services to third-party insurers, as well
as accountable care organization ( ACO ) networks consisting of our acute care facilities and affiliated physicians. We are a limited liability company organized under Delaware law following a reorganization with our predecessor company,
which was founded in 1998.    Our business strategy and geographic market focus are designed to capitalize on the transition towards
value-based care, the expansion of integrated healthcare delivery models, growth in managed care in government-sponsored health insurance programs, the growing need for cost-effective healthcare delivery models and the consolidation of physician
groups and health systems. We believe that the growth of value-based care programs is accelerating and providers will assume increasing financial risk for the quality of care they deliver. We also believe traditional
  fee-for-service   ( FFS ) reimbursement will become less prominent over time as the regulatory and business environment incentivizes better patient outcomes and
increased cost efficiency. The nature of our presence in our existing geographic markets, and how we have leveraged our delivery and risk platform in multiple markets, are reflective of our business strategy and are discussed briefly as follows.

Utah:   We have built on the strength of our facility assets and physician relationships to expand our delivery and risk platform. Our integrated delivery network includes five acute care hospital campuses
in the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, each supported by a diverse ambulatory footprint, including a new expandable inpatient and outpatient healthcare campus in fast-growing Lehi, Utah, and Riverwoods Surgery Center in Provo, Utah, which we
acquired in November 2016. Our growing Health Choice presence includes a managed Medicaid health plan with 17,700 lives as of September 30, 2016 and an accountable care network, Health Choice Preferred ACO Utah, with 56,000 attributed lives and
1,300 aligned physicians as of September 30, 2016.        

Arizona:   Our risk platform, Health Choice, which is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, continues to grow. As of September 30, 2016, its core health plan business manages 493,700 total Medicaid, dual
Medicare and Medicaid eligible lives ( Duals ) and integrated acute and behavioral health plan lives state-wide. Health Choice, together with the Northern Arizona Behavioral Health Authority ( NARBHA ), a joint venture partner,
operates an integrated acute and behavioral health plan in Northern Arizona. As of September 30, 2016, the joint venture, Health Choice Integrated Care LLC ( HCIC ) (our  Northern Arizona joint venture ), provides standalone
behavioral health benefits for 225,100 plan members in Northern Arizona, and acute and behavioral care on an integrated basis for 5,400 members who are seriously mentally ill. As of September 30, 2016, we served 11,400 covered lives under our
Exchange plan in Arizona, which predominantly serves the Phoenix market, and which we are discontinuing as of January 1, 2017.    
 We have leveraged our delivery assets in conjunction with Health Choice s risk platform to develop an accountable care network with 28,300
attributed lives and approximately 1,400 aligned physicians as of September 30, 2016. Our delivery assets located in the cities of Phoenix and Mesa are core to our local accountable care network and include three acute care hospitals and a
full-service, high-acuity behavioral health hospital, a growing number of patient access points and an employed physician group.      

Texas:   We have developed a diverse healthcare delivery presence through acute care hospitals in
Odessa, San Antonio, Houston, Port Arthur, Beaumont and Texarkana, 52 physician clinic sites, multiple outpatient access points, employed physician groups and additional satellite campuses or related facilities in Odessa, Beaumont, Houston and Hope,
Arkansas. Our strategic focus throughout our Texas market centers on integration of our hospitals and physician operations through developing a more extensive network of primary care physicians, the expansion of our physician alignment strategies
and extending the reach of our outpatient business. In September 2015, we acquired the assets of Victory Medical Center in Beaumont, Texas, a physician-founded facility that is now a campus of our hospital in Port
    
      1  

Table of Contents  

Arthur, The Medical Center of Southeast Texas, which has expanded the geographical footprint of that facility. Also in 2015, our hospital in Odessa, Texas, Odessa Regional Medical Center
( ORMC ), acquired the assets of Basin Healthcare Center, an  in-market  surgical hospital, expanding ORMC s surgical and diagnostic capabilities by transitioning the acquired hospital into
ORMC s southeast campus.         

Louisiana:   Our expanding delivery network in the West Monroe area includes an acute care hospital, an employed physician group and a growing affiliated physician network designed to compete in a
value-based environment. During the 2016 fiscal year, we entered into a strategic affiliation agreement with Ochsner Health System ( Ochsner ), in New Orleans, Louisiana, identifying our West Monroe hospital with Ochsner s statewide
network as a partner in Northeast Louisiana. We continue to explore other  in-market  opportunities to expand our footprint and reach in this market.    

Colorado:   We provide high-quality care through a critical access hospital in the Pikes Peak area of Woodland Park, Colorado.    
 We believe that our Health Choice risk platform is well-positioned to respond to the healthcare industry s migration to cost efficiency
and value-based reimbursement due to its breadth, ability to manage third-party, risk-based covered lives at scale and ability to deliver integrated care with IASIS-owned hospitals, ambulatory assets and physician provider networks. Our Health
Choice risk platform includes the following capabilities:      

Extensive medical management experience:   Health Choice s  25-year  history of continuously managing capitated covered lives (including under our ownership
beginning in 1999) includes a large cohort of managed Medicaid lives in Arizona, a population with historically lower reimbursement rates that requires intensive care coordination and sensitivity to cultural and linguistic needs. We believe that
Health Choice s experience in managing Medicaid lives demonstrates its core competencies in care management, population health and global risk management. In recent years, through our Health Choice Preferred ACO networks and MSO, we have
applied our experience to new populations, including attributed lives in Medicare, Exchange and commercial health plans, which we believe has been effective in improving patient outcomes and cost efficiencies. We have deployed our risk platform in
conjunction with our hospitals and physicians to enter into Bundled Payments for Care Improvement ( BPCI ) Initiative contracts with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ). This value-based CMS initiative
structures reimbursement on an   episode-of-care   basis and rewards providers for quality of outcomes and cost efficiency.    

Geographic and product diversification:   As of September 30, 2016, Health Choice s related entities delivered healthcare services to 677,900 covered lives across three states. These include
276,800 managed Medicaid lives served primarily through Health Choice s core health plan business in Arizona, 225,100 HCIC plan members, 9,500 Medicare Advantage members dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, 11,400 Exchange lives, 98,000
MSO lives and 85,200 lives attributed to our accountable care networks from multiple payors whose care is managed by our network providers, of which 28,100 lives are members in Health Choice s managed Medicaid and Exchange plans (we are
discontinuing our Exchange plan as of January 1, 2017).      Our Northern Arizona joint venture manages the standalone
behavioral health benefit for 225,100 Northern Arizona Medicaid plan members and acute and behavioral care on an integrated basis for 5,400 such members who are seriously mentally ill. We believe that in the future, states other than Arizona may
adopt this model of integration of acute and behavioral health benefits under one managed care organization, such as HCIC, our Northern Arizona joint venture.      

Physician-centric, value-driven care model:   Our Health Choice Preferred ACO networks, working in conjunction with Health Choice s MSO, allow us to provide cost-effective care in a manner that we
believe is distinct among healthcare organizations that own both acute care and managed care assets.      As of
September 30, 2016, approximately 2,700 physicians in our Utah and Arizona markets served as participating providers of our Health Choice Preferred ACO networks. These networks enter into provider contracts with third party health insurance
plans, in which primary care physicians contracted with our networks serve as the central care coordinators for such health plan members. Our local hospitals serve as the core facilities of these  narrow  networks. Health Choice s MSO
provides our networks and its healthcare providers with administrative, medical risk and population health expertise, so that physicians, hospitals and other caregivers can make patient care decisions aimed at maximizing clinical outcomes and
medical cost savings.    This combination of acute care, managed care and provider networking expertise allows Health Choice to enter into  value-and  risk-based arrangements with third party health plans, in which the compensation paid to our hospitals, our aligned physicians and Health Choice is tied to clinical effectiveness and cost efficiency. For
instance, we have entered into  delegated risk  arrangements with third party health plans in Arizona and Utah. Under these arrangements, our network providers and Health Choice bear financial risk with respect to both the clinical quality
and cost-effectiveness with which care is delivered to these health plan members. In some of these contracts, for instance, the network is at risk of forfeiting compensation or making a compensatory payment to the third party health plan if agreed
to medical loss ratios and/or clinical quality benchmarks are not achieved. Outside of these value- and risk-based arrangements, our Health Choice MSO is also able to provide services to third party clients in an administrative services only
capacity in which such managed care functions are provided for a fixed fee.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

  We believe our risk platform enables us to: (1) enter new markets by utilizing our managed
care and risk capabilities without expending capital in facility assets; (2) grow our physician network and patient lives base through an organized response to the growth of value-based reimbursement; (3) increase our overall growth
opportunity in risk-based contracting and government-sponsored programs; and (4) enter new markets on an integrated basis through investment in acute care facility assets and the deployment of our risk platform.  
 In recent years, we have centered our growth strategy on a narrower set of geographies and the total healthcare services opportunity in each
of our core markets. In support of this strategy, we have rationalized our business operations through the divestiture of  non-core  hospital operations and other related assets in Florida and Nevada and by
raising capital for investment in our core markets. In our core markets, we seek to provide high-quality, cost-effective clinical care by expending capital on a disciplined basis to support and grow our delivery assets and using our risk platform
where we believe it will enhance patient care.    For the year ended September 30, 2016, we generated revenues of $3.3 billion,
with $1.96 billion, or 60.4%, of our revenue derived from our acute care segment and $1.29 billion, or 39.6%, of our revenue for this period derived from Health Choice. For additional information on our business segments, see Note 13,
segment and geographic information, to our audited, consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report.    Our principal
executive offices are located at Dover Centre, 117 Seaboard Lane, Bldg. E, Franklin, Tennessee 37067, and our telephone number is  (615) 844-2747.  Our website address is  www.iasishealthcare.com . The
information on, or accessible through our website is not incorporated into and does not constitute a part of this Report or any other document that we file with or furnish to the SEC.  
  Healthcare Industry Overview and Trends   
   Cost-Conscious Healthcare Environment and Shift towards Value-Based Healthcare    
 The U.S. healthcare system is evolving in ways that favor cost-effective healthcare delivery, focusing on value-based payments and quality of
outcomes. Many observers believe the traditional FFS reimbursement model is not the most effective or cost-efficient methodology for coordinating patient care, and that it has played a significant role in elevating both the level and growth rate of
healthcare spending. In response, both the public and private sectors are shifting away from traditional FFS models and moving towards value-based reimbursement methodologies, including capitation payment models, that are designed to incentivize
cost-effectiveness and quality. An estimated 30% of Medicare payments were tied to alternative payment methodologies, such as ACOs or bundled payments, as of January 2016. CMS has indicated that it aims to tie 50% of payments to such payments models
by the end of 2018. In general, private payment reforms have evolved more slowly than changes to Medicare.    We believe that as
governmental and private insurers seek to control healthcare costs and to increase quality of care, the use of value-based payment methodologies that tie payments, to quality and coordination of care will continue to grow. We believe that these
reimbursement models will include bundled payments shared cost savings, and other  cost-and  quality incentive-based arrangements, along with programs that promote clinical integration and coordination of care,
such as initiatives that incentivize effective use of integrated EHR technology. We also believe that patient-centered and disease state medical home reimbursement models, in which a primary care or specialty physician serves as a care coordinator,
and risk-based arrangements that expose providers to both upside and downside risk will grow in prominence. Reimbursement trends are expected to further drive the critical importance of accurately measuring, analyzing, reporting, and improving
patient outcomes. We believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on these trends as we seek to integrate, and drive synergies among, the core competencies of our managed care and acute care businesses.  
   Growth of Healthcare Spending    
 CMS reported that, in 2014, total U.S. healthcare expenditures grew by 5.3% to approximately $3.0 trillion. The most recent CMS projections,
published in 2016, indicate that the rate of growth in health spending will decrease from an expected 5.5% in 2015 to 4.8% in 2016, largely due to the declines in the number of uninsured individuals that resulted from the Health Reform Law s
health insurance coverage expansions. Growth in national healthcare expenditures is projected to average 5.8% annually from 2015 to 2025. By these estimates, healthcare expenditures will account for $5.6 trillion, or 20.1% of the economy by 2025,
compared to 17.5% in 2014, measured by total gross domestic product ( GDP ). These estimates do not take into account the potential impacts of the 2016 federal elections.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

  The hospital services sector represents the single largest category of healthcare spending in the
United States at $971.8 billion in 2014, the most recent year for which historical data is available. The hospital services category is anticipated by CMS to have grown 4.9% and 4.7% in 2015 and 2016 respectively, due primarily to the continued
effects of the insurance expansions of the Health Reform Law. Continued population aging and the impacts of improved economic conditions are expected to be significant drivers of growth over the next decade. We believe that these factors will result
in long-term utilization increases for certain healthcare services and the need for hospital networks that can provide comprehensive healthcare services in a coordinated, cost-effective manner.  
   Growth in Government-Sponsored Healthcare    
 Government-sponsored coverage is an important element of the U.S. healthcare system. According to CMS, healthcare spending by federal, state,
and local governments is expected to have grown to $1.5 trillion in 2015, and is expected to continue due to rising medical prices, improvement in the economy and personal incomes, and expanding Medicare enrollment and usage. We believe that the
enrollment in government-sponsored programs will continue to increase, primarily driven by an aging population. Managed care solutions have a well-established track record of helping governments improve healthcare quality and access for
beneficiaries while strengthening the fiscal sustainability of these programs. As a result, we expect that government value-based models will also expand to manage costs and incentivize providers to deliver high quality, cost-effective care. The
programs that utilize these value-based models include Medicare Advantage, Managed Medicaid, Medicare ACOs, Dual Eligible Pilot Programs and Medicare Value-Based Purchasing. We believe our experience in managing government-insured lives positions us
to benefit from the expected growth of these programs.      Impact of Health Reform Law    
 We believe that the Health Reform Law, which has expanded healthcare coverage through the growth of Exchanges, private sector coverage and
expanded Medicaid coverage, has reduced the level of uncompensated care we provide to uninsured individuals. We believe the benefits realized from expanded healthcare coverage under the Health Reform Law have generally been offset by the reductions
required by the law in the growth in Medicare payments and the decreases in disproportionate share hospital ( DSH ) payments, which have adversely affected our government reimbursement.     
 Because of the many variables, including the law s complexity, court challenges to the law, and possible reductions in funding by
Congress and future reductions in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, we cannot predict the long-term effect of the Health Reform Law on our Company. Moreover, the 2016 federal elections, which resulted in the election of the Republican
presidential nominee and Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, is likely to prompt renewed legislative efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Reform Law. While we are unable to predict the full impact of any significant
modifications to the Health Reform Law on our acute care business and/or managed care business in light of the uncertainty regarding what legislative or other actions may be taken, if the Health Reform Law is repealed or significantly modified, such
repeal or modification may have a materially adverse impact our business, strategies, prospects, operating results and/or financial condition.  
  Business Strategy     We believe our key
business strengths position us as a provider-centric, payor-agnostic provider of broad and differentiated healthcare services, with flexibility for growth in new and existing markets. Our business strategy includes the following key components:  
   Focus on High Quality Care and Cost Effectiveness.   We focus on operational excellence and cost-conscious behavior that allows us
to provide high-quality patient care at affordable rates. We believe high-quality patient care may be achieved while maintaining cost efficiency. We believe that our quality and cost-efficiency initiatives favorably position us in a payment
environment that is increasingly value- and performance-based.    We seek to leverage our corporate infrastructure and expense control
expertise to achieve significant cost savings and operating efficiencies. Our corporate-wide supply purchase contracts and our revenue cycle management capabilities, billing systems and health information technologies allow our hospitals to benefit
from economies of scale. We have also focused significant resources and expertise in managing employee productivity and labor-related costs at our hospitals, which helps to control costs and improve margins. We have also sought to integrate our
acute care and managed care expertise through our Health Choice Preferred ACO networks and Health Choice MSO capabilities, which operate in conjunction with our hospitals and affiliated physicians to manage healthcare costs under value-based
contracts with health plans.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

  We believe that consistent delivery of high-quality care results in patient loyalty and long-term
revenue growth and profitability. Our   quality-of-care   strategies include establishing best practices to benchmark our clinical performance and patient safety and
satisfaction; investing in access points of care and our emergency rooms to improve patient access, flow, quality and timeliness of care; and deploying our information technology to promote patient care coordination and clinical efficiency.  
 To achieve our goal of achieving high-quality patient care at cost effective rates, we must attract and retain effective healthcare
professionals. To this end, we believe that we must execute our comprehensive physician alignment strategy. This includes investing in the recruitment, employment and retention of highly competent physicians, nurses and other healthcare
professionals. Outside of the employment context, we seek to attract high-quality physicians to practice at our hospitals through our Health Choice Preferred ACO networks, which bring local physicians and our facilities together under
 narrow  networks that contract on a value-based basis with health plans. We also seek to make our facilities attractive to and convenient for local physicians by equipping our hospitals with advanced medical technology, computer systems
and platforms and by enabling physicians to remotely access clinical data through our advanced information systems.      Leverage Our
Managed Care and Population Health Management Expertise to Improve Patient Care, Create Payor Contracting Opportunities and Expand Health Choice s Service Offerings   .  The U.S. healthcare system and the demand for healthcare
services are evolving in ways that favor more coordinated healthcare delivery, focusing on population health management. Specifically, the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and commercial health insurers, are increasingly seeking to compensate
healthcare providers based on quality outcomes and efficiency of care, rather than fixed fee schedules. These models include gain-sharing arrangements, various capitation models and other forms of risk-based reimbursement. We believe that effective
population health management which involves increased patient care coordination among physicians and hospitals, with a focus on wellness and disease management, and monitoring of overall health outcomes within populations can lead to
higher quality, more cost efficient healthcare.    The population health management expertise within Health Choice provides us with unique
opportunities to improve care quality and to participate competitively in the emerging value-based payment landscape. Health Choice s core competency lies in its medical management of Medicaid beneficiaries and  dual eligible 
patients who receive both Medicare and Medicaid benefits. These groups have higher overall incidences of complex and chronic medical conditions than the population as whole. We have begun integrating the core competencies of our Health Choice assets
in the hospital side of our business, which we believe will further enable us to manage the financial risks associated with our acute care hospitals entering into value-based relationships with governmental and commercial payors (as opposed to
traditional   fee-for-service   arrangements). We believe that Health Choice s medical management expertise provides growth opportunities that will further facilitate
expansion beyond its core managed Medicaid business into a comprehensive managed care solutions organization. For example, Health Choice now provides administrative services for 98,000 lives to other commercial insurers, and operates an integrated
acute and behavioral health care plan in northern Arizona, servicing 225,100 plan members.      Pursue a Flexible and Comprehensive
Development Strategy  . We continuously assess opportunities to strengthen and grow our hospitals through organic investment in our existing operations, transactional opportunities to expand our local and national presence through  in-market  and new market acquisitions, and strategic partnerships, all in an effort to identify underserved areas and expand our access points of care.  
 In existing markets, we seek acute care growth through the addition and expansion of attractive service lines such as primary care,
orthopedics, oncology, cardiology and women s health services, as well as acquisitions of physician clinics, outpatient care centers, urgent care centers and other access points of care to expand the geographical reach of our hospitals. For
instance, in 2015, we acquired surgical hospitals in each of our Odessa and Port Arthur, Texas markets, which now operate as campuses of the main facilities. Additionally in 2015, we opened Mountain Point Medical Center, a new full-service,  40-bed  hospital in Lehi, Utah, that functions as a campus of Jordan Valley Medical Center ( Jordan Valley ) and serves a fast-growing local population. In August 2016, we opened our new Jordan Valley
Cancer Center, which provides radiation, medical and surgical oncology services in support of the community surrounding Jordan Valley. These acquisitions and new facilities improved our geographical footprint and patient service capabilities within
our markets.    We also seek to explore the potential expansion of our Health Choice managed care solutions business, through both organic
growth of our core business, new business lines such as our Utah Medicaid plan and strategic transactions, such as HCIC, our integrated acute and behavioral health plan that provides behavioral health benefits to 225,100 health plan members in
northern Arizona.    Because Health Choice, in combination with our hospitals, gives us a broad and differentiated set of capabilities and
assets, there are multiple ways for us to enter markets. We can enter new markets by acquiring new hospitals or opening, acquiring or partnering with existing health plans, or by any combination of these. For instance, our risk platform enables us
to enter new markets to develop accountable care networks, launch health plans or provide MSO services, either in support of newly acquired provider assets or solely as a health insurer or MSO contracting with third-party payors and providers in the
market. As a result, in addition to the acquisition or construction approaches pursued most often by pure acute care hospital systems, we have greater flexibility to enter new markets in a capital-efficient manner.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

    Investments in Technology to Improve Patient Care and Clinical Integration   .
 We believe that investment in technology drives improvement in clinical outcomes and quality of patient care. Since our inception, we have made significant investments to equip our hospitals with advanced clinical and health information
technology. In October 2015, we entered into an agreement with Cerner Corporation to implement an integrated EHR and revenue cycle system across our acute care operations. We have made significant investments, and expect to continue to make
significant investments, in this system through our 2019 fiscal year, as this system is implemented across our operations. We selected Cerner to provide this system after our incumbent clinical information technology vendor, McKesson Information
Solutions LLC, announced its plan to stop development of its Horizon Clinicals system in early 2018. We believe that deploying our information technology where possible throughout our facilities and physician networks will position us to better
track quality and to achieve clinical outcomes and costs savings, enhancing our competitiveness in a healthcare reimbursement landscape moving toward payment for performance. We believe that the enhancements in our information technology systems
will improve real-time access to patient records and relevant clinical data to relevant physicians and facility personnel, allowing us to maximize clinical and financial efficiency.  
  Our Geographic Markets     The following
includes a discussion of the acute care operations for certain of our markets and the geographic markets where Health Choice lines of business currently operate.  
   Salt Lake City, Utah    
 We operate five acute care hospital facilities with 692 licensed beds in the Salt Lake City area, which has been a very competitive
environment. We believe that our hospitals in this market benefit from attractive locations and participate in a more favorable demographic and economic environment relative to other markets. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we generated
29.1% of our total acute care revenue in this market.    Our Salt Lake City market strategy focuses on high-quality patient care,
disciplined capital deployment and the expansion of our footprint by developing a more extensive network of services, including a comprehensive physician alignment strategy and development of outpatient services and other patient access points
around our hospitals.    In August 2016, we opened the Jordan Valley Cancer Center, a 24,000 square foot healthcare facility offering
radiation, medical and surgical oncology services in support of the community surrounding Jordan Valley. We also acquired Riverwoods Surgery Center in Provo, Utah in November 2016, further expanding our geographic footprint in the Salt Lake City
area.    In June 2015, we opened a new integrated inpatient and outpatient healthcare campus in Lehi, Utah, called Mountain Point Medical
Center, as a provider-based campus of Jordan Valley. This healthcare campus includes 40 inpatient beds and full service outpatient capabilities in a 124,000 square foot hospital and an attached 60,000 square foot medical office building, which is
occupied by primary care and multi-specialty physician groups practicing in the area. The campus provides a full range of services including inpatient intensive care, obstetrics and surgical services. The campus also provides cardiology services,
including a cardiac catheterization lab. Additional outpatient services include emergency, imaging, lab and outpatient surgery. The campus has the capability to expand depending on community need and demand for services in the Lehi area. This new
campus, in which we invested more than $80.0 million, serves eight cities in Northern Utah County and is in the fastest growing area within the state of Utah.  
 In recent years, we expanded our hospitals  access points through, among other things, the acquisition of a hospital surgery center, the
expansion of our emergency room capacity at several hospitals and the addition of new inpatient beds at Jordan Valley, Davis Hospital and Medical Center ( Davis ) and Salt Lake Regional Medical Center. We operate a free-standing emergency
department and helped develop a medical office building in Roy, Utah, which has increased the emergency, primary care and specialty capacity of Davis. We also have made investments in a surgery center, urgent care clinics and  on-site  industrial medicine clinics within our Salt Lake City market.    We expanded our Health Choice
business in Utah. Health Choice operates a managed Medicaid plan in Utah which, as of September 30, 2016, served 17,700 members. Additionally, Health Choice also has led the development of our local Health Choice Preferred ACO provider network
that, working in conjunction with Health Choice s MSO, enhances our hospitals  abilities to coordinate care and contract with payors for 56,800 affiliated lives. This network and the related Health Choice Preferred physician association
includes 1,349 physicians and represents part of our overall physician alignment strategy, which we also pursue through direct employment, professional services arrangements and other avenues. We believe that these physician alignment and related
clinical integration efforts are laying the foundation for a high-quality, well-coordinated healthcare delivery network in the Salt Lake City area.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

    Texas    
 We operate six acute care hospital facilities with 2,007 licensed beds that serve the areas of Houston, San Antonio, Odessa, Texarkana, Port
Arthur and Beaumont, Texas. Additionally, we own a 79 bed acute care hospital facility in Hope, Arkansas, that is near our hospital in Texarkana. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we generated 41.8% of our total acute care revenue in this
market.    Our strategic focus, throughout our Texas market, centers on integration of our hospitals and physician operations through
developing a more extensive network of primary care physicians, including the expansion of our physician alignment strategies and extending the reach of our outpatient business, including both surgical and imaging services. We also seek to expand
profitable product lines within our higher acuity service lines, including neurosurgery, cardiology and cardio-thoracic services and neonatology.  
 In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, St. Joseph Medical Center ( SJMC ) acquired two radiation oncology centers, thereby
expanding its footprint in the Houston area. These oncology clinics provide specialized treatments that are complimentary to the services offered by SJMC, and therefore help to expand the hospital s community reach.  
 In 2015, we expanded the geographic footprint of ORMC through purchasing the assets of Basin Healthcare Center, a  14-bed  surgical hospital located near ORMC s main campus. Basin has been renamed Odessa Regional Medical Center South Campus, and its addition increases ORMC s capacity to deliver high quality inpatient
and outpatient services. Also in 2015, our hospital in Port Arthur, Texas, The Medical Center of Southeast Texas, acquired the assets of Victory Medical Center of Beaumont, a physician-founded  17-bed  inpatient
facility that opened in 2013. The Beaumont facility has been renamed The Medical Center of Southeast Texas Victory Campus and enhances our ability to provide accessible healthcare to the residents of Port Arthur, Beaumont and the surrounding
communities.      Phoenix, Arizona    
 We operate three acute care hospital facilities and one behavioral health hospital facility, with a total of 589 licensed beds in the Phoenix
area. Our strategic investments in this market have focused on capturing market share through expansion of various service lines and bed capacity. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we generated 19.5% of our total acute care revenue in this
market.    Our physician alignment and access point strategy in our Arizona market focuses on enhancing our physician specialty and
emergency room coverage to allow our hospitals to better meet community needs. We continue to grow our employed physician base in the Phoenix area and, additionally, we have leveraged Health Choice s expertise to establish an accountable care
provider network.    We also seek to make strategic capital investments in our Arizona hospitals and to adapt to our service lines to meet
local market needs. In recent years, for example, we expanded our geropsychiatry services in the Phoenix market by adding beds for these services at both our St. Luke s Medical Center in downtown Phoenix and Mountain Vista Medical Center in
Mesa. As well, we are currently in the midst of a project to renovate and revitalize our Tempe St. Luke s Hospital in Tempe by focusing on emergency services, general medicine and women s services, which we believe will more effectively
serve the needs of that community.    Health Choice bases its operations in Phoenix, Arizona, where it employs more than 700 managed care
professionals and operates its core Health Choice Arizona managed Medicaid plan, along with its Duals plan and Health Insurance Exchange Plan. Our Phoenix-area Health Choice Preferred ACO network includes 528 aligned physicians and 56,800 affiliated
lives, including those who participate in our network through our alliance with Phoenix Children s Hospital. This network allows our Arizona hospitals and participating physicians to coordinate care and collaborate with respect to patient
populations and to enter into value-based arrangements with commercial payors that reward effective population health management. Effective January 1, 2017, we are discontinuing our Arizona Exchange Plan, due to regulatory and financial
uncertainty resulting from insufficient government funding as outlined in the original program details.      West Monroe, Louisiana
     We operate Glenwood Regional Medical Center ( Glenwood ) with 278 licensed beds, in West Monroe, Louisiana, which
benefits from a strong market position and opportunities for strategic growth of profitable product lines. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we generated 8.4% of our total acute care revenue in this market.  
 Since acquiring Glenwood in 2007, our focus on capital spending at this facility has included renovations and capacity expansion, with an
emphasis on creating additional inpatient capacity with a  25-bed  expansion, expanding emergency room coverage, growing the hospital s cardiovascular program, expanding and renovating operating rooms and
purchasing new diagnostic imaging equipment, automated laboratory systems and other equipment. We also have invested in the facility s hospitalist program, expanded emergency room coverage and  re-opened 
the inpatient psychiatric program. In 2016, we completed an expansion of our intensive care unit, and began work to renovate and further expand our emergency department in an effort to create additional capacity.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  To build on our capital investments in Glenwood and to serve our growing patient volume, we
continue to seek opportunities to expand the hospital s patient access points, including acquisitions, or new development, of other ancillary facilities around Glenwood. We believe our focus on providing high-quality patient care and our
efforts to expand the reach of our physician network in this market will provide opportunities to capture additional market share and improve our relationships with managed care payors. In 2016, for example, we entered into a strategic affiliation
agreement with Ochsner in New Orleans, which identified Glenwood as a northeast Louisiana partner in its state-wide network. The agreement provides for numerous elements, including  co-branding,  service line
planning and development, physician recruiting, clinical integration and community physician alignment.    In connection with the Health
Reform Law, Louisiana expanded Medicaid coverage effective July 1, 2016. This expanded coverage is expected to reduce the cost of uncompensated care provided by our Louisiana hospital, assuming that relevant provisions of the Health Reform Law
are not otherwise significantly modified or repealed, as noted above.      Health Choice Geographic Markets    
 Health Choice s related entities delivered healthcare services to 677,900 covered lives across three states as of September 30, 2016.
Health Choice s Phoenix-based managed Medicaid plan represents its core business, serving 259,100 members in Arizona s Apache, Coconino, Gila, Maricopa, Mohave, Navajo, Pima and Pinal counties. Along with its managed Medicaid plan, Health
Choice operates a Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug ( MAPD ) Special Needs Plan ( SNP ) that serves 9,500 members in the same Arizona counties. Our Health Choice Preferred ACO Network aims to organize our hospitals and local
physicians and to serve as a contracting vehicle with commercial payors. Health Choice also operates a Phoenix-area Health Insurance Exchange plan, which serves 11,400 members, and which Health Choice is discontinuing as of January 1, 2017, due
to the regulatory and financial uncertainty resulting from insufficient government funding as outlined in the original program details.  
 Our Northern Arizona joint venture manages the standalone behavioral health benefit for an estimated 225,100 northern Arizona Medicaid plan
members, and acute and behavioral care on an integrated basis for 5,400 such members who are seriously mentally ill. We believe that in the future, states other than Arizona may adopt this model of integration of acute and behavioral health benefits
under one managed care organization, such as our Northern Arizona joint venture.    In our Salt Lake City market, Health Choice operates a
managed Medicaid plan under a contract with the state of Utah, serving 17,700 members. Health Choice, in conjunction with our Utah hospitals and local physicians, has also established an accountable care network, in the Salt Lake City area, which
allows participating providers to contract with commercial health insurers.    Health Choice also offers MSO services to third party health
plans and health systems, and currently provides these services for 98,000 members in the state of Florida through a contract with a large national insurer.  
  Hospital Operations     At each of our
hospitals, we have implemented policies and procedures to enhance patient safety and quality of care, and to improve the hospital s operating and financial performance. A hospital s local management team is comprised of a chief executive
officer, chief financial officer and chief nursing officer. Local management teams, in consultation with our corporate staff, develop annual operating plans setting forth goals for quality and patient satisfaction, revenue growth and operating
profit strategies. These strategies may include the expansion of services offered by the hospital, market development to improve community access to care, the recruitment and employment of physicians, plans to enhance quality of care and
improvements in operating efficiencies to reduce costs. The competence, skills and experience of the management team at each hospital is critical to the hospital s successful execution of its operating plan. Our performance-based compensation
program for each local management team is based upon the achievement of qualitative and quantitative goals in the annual operating plan. Our hospital management teams are advised by boards of trustees that include members of hospital medical staffs,
and community leaders. Each board of trustees establishes policies concerning medical, professional and ethical practices, monitors such practices and is responsible for ensuring these practices conform to established standards.  
 Factors that affect demand for our services include:      

local economic conditions;        

the geographic location of our hospital facilities and other access points of care and their convenience for patients and physicians;    

our participation in managed care programs, including managed care contracts on the Exchanges;        

utilization management practices of managed care plans;    
      8  

Table of Contents  

consolidation of managed care payors;        

strategic investment and improvements in healthcare access points;        

capital investment at our facilities;        

the quality of our medical staff;        

competition from other healthcare providers;        

the size of and growth in the local population; and        

improved treatment protocols because of advances in medical technology and pharmacology.      The
ability of our hospitals to meet the healthcare needs of their communities is determined by factors including:      

level of physician support;        

availability of nurses and other healthcare professionals;        

quality, skills and compassion of our employees;        

scope, breadth and quality of our services; and        

physical capacity and level of technological advancement at our facilities.      We continually
evaluate our services with the goal of improving quality of care, expanding our profitable lines of business and improving our business mix. We use our advanced information systems to perform detailed clinical process and care quality reviews, to
review product line margin analyses, and to monitor the profitability of the services provided at our facilities. We employ these analyses to capitalize on price and volume trends through the expansion and improvement of certain services.  
  Health Choice Operations     Health Choice
is the managed care risk platform through which we manage 677,900 covered lives as of September 30, 2016, under our multiple health plans, ACO networks, MSO services and other managed care solutions. With its headquarters and primary operations
in Phoenix, Arizona, Health Choice employs more than 1,000 managed care professionals in Phoenix and Flagstaff, Arizona, Salt Lake City, Utah and Tampa, Florida. Health Choice s senior management team operates out of Phoenix, Arizona with an
additional east coast operations hub in Tampa, Florida and is supported by medical directors, case management and utilization management nurses, care coordinators, provider network professionals, medical economics analysts, actuaries, an internal
compliance group and other administrative personnel. The Health Choice senior management team provides general oversight over the health plan products and management services that Health Choice offers. Health Choice s business divisions,
including its Arizona and Utah managed Medicaid plans, its integrated acute care and behavioral health joint venture, its east coast MSO office and accountable care network divisions, each have dedicated management teams who report to Health
Choice s senior executives.     Competition   
 Our facilities and related businesses operate in competitive environments. Several factors affect our competitive position, including:  

the local economies in which we operate;        

the level of tourism in our service areas;        

our managed care contracting relationships;        

the number, availability, quality and specialties of physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals;        

the scope, breadth and quality of services;        

the reputation of our facilities and physicians;        

ability to develop, expand or participate in accountable care networks in certain markets;        

growth in hospital capacity and healthcare access points in the markets we serve;        

the physical condition of our facilities and medical equipment;        

the location of our facilities and availability of physician office space;        

federal and state restrictions;    
      9  

Table of Contents  

the availability of parking or proximity to public transportation;        

accumulation, access and interpretation of publicly reported quality indicators;        

growth in outpatient service providers;        

the charges we can set for our services and the growing demand for transparency of such charges; and        

the geographic coverage of our hospitals in the regions in which we operate.      We face
competition from established,  tax-exempt  healthcare companies and systems, investor-owned hospital companies, large tertiary care centers, specialty hospitals and outpatient service providers, such as surgery
centers and imaging centers. In addition, some of our hospitals operate in regions with vertically integrated healthcare providers that include health plans, physician groups and facilities, which could affect our ability to obtain managed care
contracts. We continue to encounter increased competition from specialty hospitals, free-standing emergency rooms and other outpatient service providers,   not-for-profit  
healthcare providers and companies, like ours, that consolidate hospitals and healthcare companies in specific geographic markets.    Our
competitiveness depends heavily on obtaining and maintaining contracts with managed care organizations, which seek to control healthcare costs through utilization policies and procedures. Most of our markets have experienced significant managed care
penetration, along with increasing consolidation of major managed care plans. The revenue and operating results of our hospitals are affected by our ability to negotiate reasonable contracts with managed care plans. Health maintenance organizations
( HMOs ) and preferred provider organizations ( PPOs ) use managed care contracts to encourage patients to utilize certain hospitals for discounts from the hospitals  established charges. Traditional health insurers also
contain costs through similar contracts with hospitals.    Our managed care relationships also depend upon whether one of our hospitals is
part of a local hospital network, and the scope and quality of services offered by the network compared to competing networks. We believe that our hospitals are better positioned for the transition to higher quality, more affordable networks being
established by managed care organizations. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate circumstances in each geographic area in which we operate. We may position ourselves to compete in these managed care markets by forming our own, or joining with others to
form, local hospital networks. Where strategically advantageous, we seek to participate in or form accountable care networks comprising hospitals and physicians that can deliver clinically integrated, coordinated care.  
 As we continue to focus on our physician alignment strategies, we face significant competition for skilled physicians in certain of our
markets, as more providers are adopting a physician staffing model approach. Further, there is a general shortage of physicians across most specialties, particularly primary care. This increased competition has resulted in efforts by managed care
organizations to align with certain provider networks in the markets in which we operate. While we anticipate that our physician alignment strategies, including provider network development efforts, will help us compete more effectively in our
markets, we can provide no assurance regarding the success of our strategy.    We believe physician alignment promotes clinical integration,
enhances quality of care and makes us more efficient and competitive in a healthcare environment trending toward value-based purchasing and   pay-for-performance.   To meet
community needs and address healthcare coverage issues, we have made significant investments to align with physicians through various recruitment and employment strategies, as well as through alternative means of alignment such as our formation of
provider networks in certain markets. We have formed our own ACO networks in certain markets that include both employed and  non-affiliated  physicians, providing the infrastructure through which we can contract
more efficiently with commercial payors, position ourselves for value-based reimbursement and promote clinical integration. While we expect that employing physicians will provide relief on cost pressures associated with  on-call  coverage and other professional fees, we anticipate incurring additional labor and other  start-up  related costs as we continue the integration of recently employed
physicians and their related support staff.    We also face risk from competition for outpatient business. We expect to mitigate this risk
through continued focus on our physician alignment strategies, developing new access points of care, our commitment to capital investment in our hospitals, including expenditures to update technology and equipment, and our commitment to our quality
of care initiatives that some competitors, such as individual physicians or physician groups, may not be equipped to implement.    The
health insurance market and MSO markets are generally highly competitive. Historically, the managed care industry has been fragmented; however, the competitive landscape is subject to ongoing changes as a result of the Health Reform Law, business
consolidations and new strategic alliances. Health Choice competes with a large number of national, regional and local managed Medicaid, Duals and MSO service providers, some of whom have more prominent national brands and greater capital resources
than us.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  We compete for government contracts, renewals of government contracts, members and providers.
State agencies consider many factors in awarding contracts to health plans. Among such factors are the health plan s provider network, medical management, degree of member satisfaction, timeliness of claims payment and financial resources.
Potential members typically choose a health plan based on a specific provider being a part of the network, the quality of care and services available, accessibility of services and reputation or name recognition of the health plan. We believe
factors that providers consider in deciding whether to contract with a health plan include potential member volume, payment methods, timeliness and accuracy of claims payment, and administrative service capabilities. We face competition from other
health insurers and MSOs in establishing relationships with state agencies, plan members and network providers.     Sources of Revenue   
   Acute Care Revenue      Acute care
revenue is comprised of net patient revenue, which represents gross charges for our inpatient and outpatient services less contractual adjustments and discounts based upon negotiated rates. Contractual adjustments principally result from differences
between the hospitals  established charges and payment rates under Medicare, Medicaid and various managed care plans. Discounts and contractual adjustments also result from our uninsured discount and charity care programs. Acute care revenue
also includes other revenue, consisting of medical office building rental income and other miscellaneous revenue.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides the sources of our hospitals  gross patient revenue by payor
before discounts, contractual adjustments and the provision for bad debts:      
   A large percentage of our hospitals  net patient revenue consists of fixed payments from discounted
sources, including Medicare, Medicaid and commercial managed care organizations. Reimbursement for services provided to Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries is often fixed regardless of the cost incurred or the level of services provided. Similarly,
various commercial managed care companies with which we contract reimburse providers on a fixed payment basis regardless of the costs incurred or the level of services provided.  
 We receive payment for patient services primarily from:      

the federal government, primarily under the Medicare program;        

state Medicaid programs, including managed Medicaid plans;        

commercial managed care payors, including HMOs and PPOs, and managed Medicare plans; and        

individual patients and private insurers.      Our hospitals offer discounts from established
charges to managed care plans if they are large group purchasers of healthcare services. We offer discounts to all uninsured patients receiving healthcare services who do not qualify for assistance under state Medicaid, other federal or state
assistance plans or charity care. These discount programs limit our ability to increase net patient revenue in response to increasing costs. Patients are not responsible for any difference between established hospital charges and amounts reimbursed
for such services under Medicare, Medicaid, HMOs, PPOs or private insurance plans. Patients are responsible for services not covered by these plans, in addition to deductibles or  co-insurance  features of their
coverage. Collecting amounts due from patients is more difficult than collecting from governmental programs, managed care plans or private insurers. Increases in the population of uninsured individuals, and the acuity levels of such patients seeking
care in our emergency rooms, changes in the states  indigent and Medicaid eligibility requirements, continued efforts by employers to pass more   out-of-pocket  
healthcare costs to employees through increased  co-payments  and deductibles and the effects of an uncertain,  low-growth  economic environment have historically resulted
in increased levels of uncompensated care.    The following table provides the sources of our hospitals  net patient revenue before the
provision for bad debts by payor:      
    Medicare   
 Medicare is a federal program that provides hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons age 65 and over, some disabled persons and
persons with Lou Gehrig s disease and  end-stage  renal disease. All of our hospitals are certified as providers of Medicare services and must meet specific Medicare conditions of participation to remain
eligible. Under the Medicare program, acute care  
      12  

Table of Contents  

hospitals receive reimbursement under a prospective payment system that pays fixed rates for inpatient and outpatient hospital services. Certain types of facilities are exempt or partially exempt
from the prospective payment system methodology, including children s hospitals, cancer hospitals and critical access hospitals. Hospitals and units exempt from the prospective payment system are reimbursed on a reasonable cost-based system,
subject to cost limits.    In addition to the reimbursement adjustments and policies discussed below, beginning in 2013, the Budget Control
Act of 2011 ( BCA ) imposed automatic spending reductions intended to reduce the federal deficit, including Medicare spending reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year, with a uniform percentage reduction across all Medicare programs.
These automatic spending reductions have been extended through federal fiscal year 2025.     Inpatient Acute Care   
 The Medicare program reimburses general, acute care hospitals for inpatient services under a prospective payment system based on the
patient s assigned  MS-DRG.  The  MS-DRG  system classifies categories of illnesses according to the estimated intensity of hospital resources required to furnish care
for each principal diagnosis. Fixed payment rates are assigned to  MS-DRG  rates based on a statistically normal distribution of severity. The  MS-DRG  payments consider no
specific hospital s actual costs but are adjusted for geographic area wage differentials. Inpatient capital costs for acute care hospitals are reimbursed on a prospective system based on diagnosis related group weights multiplied by
geographically adjusted federal weights. When treatments for patients fall well outside the normal distribution, providers may receive additional payments known as outlier payments. For federal fiscal year 2017, CMS has established an outlier
threshold of $23,570 per case.    The  MS-DRG  rates are adjusted each federal fiscal year, using the
market basket index, which takes into account inflation experienced by hospitals and entities outside of the healthcare industry in purchasing goods and services. In past years, the percentage increases to the
 MS-DRG  rates have been lower than the percentage increases in the costs of goods and services purchased by hospitals. Further, the Health Reform Law provides for reductions of 0.75% to the market basket update
in federal fiscal years 2017 through 2019. It also requires annual reductions by a  productivity adjustment  equal to the projected average nationwide productivity gains over the preceding 10 years based on the U.S. Bureau of Labor
Statistics  10-year  moving average of changes in specified economy-wide productivity. In addition, CMS is required to reduce payments under the inpatient prospective payment system by a documentation and coding
adjustment through federal fiscal year 2017. For federal fiscal year 2016, CMS issued a final rule that resulted in a net increase in operating payment rates of 0.9%. This increase reflected a 2.4% market basket increase, a multi-factor productivity
adjustment of negative 0.5%, a 0.2% reduction as required by the Health Reform Law, and a prospective documentation and coding adjustment of negative 0.8%. For federal fiscal year 2017, CMS issued a final rule that results in a net increase in
operating payments of 0.95% for hospitals that successfully participate in the Hospital Inpatient Quality Reporting Program and are meaningful users of EHR. This increase reflects a 2.7% market basket increase, a multi-factor productivity adjustment
of negative 0.3%, a prospective reduction of 1.5% for documentation and coding, an additional reduction of 0.75% as required by the Health Reform Law. It also reflects a positive adjustment of approximately 0.8% to remove the effects of prior
adjustments intended to offset the estimated increase in inpatient prospective payment system expenditures resulting from the Medicare program s   two-midnight  rule.   
 Under the  two-midnight  rule, services provided to Medicare beneficiaries are only payable as inpatient
hospital services when there is a reasonable expectation that the hospital care is medically necessary and will be required across two midnights, absent unusual circumstances. Hospital stays expected to need less than two midnights of hospital care
are subject to medical review on a   case-by-case   basis. Quality Improvement Organizations ( QIOs ) are handling the reviews of short inpatient stays and will
refer claim denials to the Medicare Administrative Contractors ( MACs ) for payment adjustments. Providers that exhibit persistent noncompliance with the two midnight rule may be referred to Recovery Audit Contractors ( RACs ).
   Quality of care provided is becoming an increasingly important factor in Medicare reimbursement. Hospitals must submit data for certain
patient care indicators to CMS to receive  MS-DRG  increases at the full market basket. Hospitals that do not participate will lose  one-quarter  of the percentage increase
in their payment updates. In addition, the market basket update for any hospital that is not a meaningful EHR user will be reduced by three-fourths in federal fiscal year 2017 and later years. We monitor our compliance with the quality indicators
and intend to submit the quality data required to receive the full market basket pricing update when appropriate.    In addition, as
required by the Health Reform Law, CMS has implemented a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services to reward hospitals that meet certain quality performance standards. CMS funds the payment pool for this program by reducing the
inpatient prospective payment system payment amount for all discharges by 2% each federal fiscal year, as specified by the Health Reform Law. Hospitals are scored based on a weighted average of patient experience scores using the Hospital Consumer
Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey and certain clinical measures. CMS scores each hospital based on achievement (relative to other hospitals) and improvement ranges (relative to the hospital s own past performance) for each
applicable measure. Hospitals that meet or exceed the quality performance standards set by CMS will receive greater Medicare reimbursement  
      13  

Table of Contents  

than they would have otherwise. Conversely, hospitals that do not achieve the necessary quality performance will receive reduced Medicare inpatient hospital payments. Under this program, for
discharges in federal fiscal year 2017, CMS will make available an estimated $1.8 billion to hospitals based on their overall performance on a set of quality measures that have been linked to improved clinical processes of care and patient
satisfaction.    Inpatient payments are also reduced each fiscal year if a hospital experiences  excess readmissions  within the  30-day  period from the date of discharge for conditions specified by the Health Reform Law and CMS, including heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia and total knee arthroplasty. Hospitals with excess readmissions
for the specified conditions receive reduced payments for all inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excess readmissions standard. Each hospital s performance is publicly reported by CMS.  
 Reimbursement is also reduced based on a facility s rate of hospital acquired conditions ( HACs ). A HAC is a condition
acquired by a patient while admitted as an inpatient in a hospital, such as a surgical site infection. Medicare does not pay hospitals additional amounts to treat HACs. Currently, there are 14 categories of conditions on the list of HACs and,
separately, three National Coverage Determinations that prohibit Medicare reimbursement for erroneous surgical procedures. CMS may revise the list of conditions from time to time. The Health Reform Law tied HAC rates to a facility s overall
reimbursement. Hospitals that rank in the worst 25% nationally for HAC rates across all hospitals in the previous year receive a 1% reduction in total Medicare payments.  
  Outpatient     CMS
reimburses hospital outpatient services and certain Medicare Part B services furnished to hospital inpatients that have no Part A coverage on a prospective payment system basis. CMS uses fee schedules to pay for physical, occupational and speech
therapies, durable medical equipment, clinical diagnostic laboratory services and nonimplantable orthotics and prosthetics.    All services
paid under the prospective payment system for hospital outpatient services are classified into groups called ambulatory payment classifications ( APCs ). A payment rate is established for each APC, as services in each APC are similar
clinically and in terms of the resources they require. The APC payment rates are updated each calendar year based on the market basket, which is required by the Health Reform Law to be reduced by 0.75% for each of 2017, 2018, and 2019. The Health
Reform Law also provides for annual reductions to the market basket update based on changes in economy-wide productivity. For calendar year 2016, CMS decreased payments for hospital outpatient services by an estimated 0.4%. The change was based on a
market basket increase of 2.4%, a negative 0.5% multifactor productivity adjustment and a negative 0.2% adjustment required by the Health Reform Law, along with other policy changes, including a 2.0% reduction to address what CMS views as inflated
payments in past calendar years for laboratory tests packaged with payments for hospital outpatient services. For calendar year 2017, CMS has finalized payment adjustments and policy updates that it estimates will result in a 1.7% increase in
payments for hospital outpatient services. This reflects a market basket increase of 2.7%, a negative 0.3% adjustment for multifactor productivity, and the 0.75% reduction required by the Health Reform Law annually for calendar years 2017 through
2019.    CMS requires hospitals to submit quality data regarding certain measures relating to outpatient care in each calendar year to
receive the full market basket increase under the outpatient prospective payment system in the following calendar year. Hospitals that fail to submit such data will receive the market basket update minus two percentage points for the outpatient
prospective payment system.     Rehabilitation   
 Inpatient rehabilitation hospitals and designated units are reimbursed under a prospective payment system. Under this prospective payment
system, patients are classified into case mix groups based upon impairment, age,  co-morbidities  and functional capability. Inpatient rehabilitation facilities are paid a predetermined amount per discharge that
reflects the patient s case mix group and is adjusted for area wage levels,  low-income  patients, rural areas and high-cost outliers. The Health Reform Law provides for a 0.75% reduction to the market
basket update for fiscal years 2017 through 2019. It also requires annual reductions to the market based update based on changes in economy-wide productivity. For federal fiscal year 2016, CMS updated inpatient rehabilitation rates by 1.8%, which
reflected an inpatient rehabilitation-specific market basket estimate of 2.4%, a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment and a 0.2% reduction required by the Health Reform Law, along with an additional 0.1% increase to aggregate payments due to
updating the outlier threshold. For federal fiscal year 2017, CMS has issued a final rule increasing inpatient rehabilitation rates by an estimated 1.9%, which reflects an inpatient rehabilitation-specific market basket estimate of 2.7%, a negative
0.3% multifactor productivity adjustment, and the 0.75% reduction required by the Health Reform Law annually for federal fiscal years 2017 through 2019.  
 Each inpatient rehabilitation facility must report certain quality measures to CMS or receive a two percentage point reduction to the market
basket update. For federal fiscal year 2017, seven quality measures must be reported. CMS has finalized new quality measures to be implemented in federal fiscal years 2018 and 2020.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  To qualify for classification as an inpatient rehabilitation facility, at least 60% of the
facility s inpatient population during the most recent  12-month  cost reporting period must have required intensive rehabilitation services for one or more of 13 specified conditions. Inpatient
rehabilitation facilities must meet additional coverage criteria, including patient selection and care requirements relating to  pre-admission  screenings, post-admission evaluations, ongoing coordination of
care and involvement of rehabilitation physicians. As of September 30, 2016, we operate nine inpatient rehabilitation units within our hospitals.  
  Psychiatric     Inpatient
psychiatric facilities are paid based on a prospective payment system. Under this prospective payment system, inpatient psychiatric facilities receive a federal per diem base rate that is based on the sum of the average routine operating, ancillary
and capital costs for each patient day of psychiatric care in an inpatient psychiatric facility. The federal per diem base rate is then adjusted for budget neutrality, such that total payments under the prospective payment system are projected to be
equal to the total estimated payments that would have been made to inpatient psychiatric facilities under the previous cost-based system of payment. This federal per diem base rate is further adjusted to reflect certain patient and facility
characteristics, including patient age, certain diagnostic related groups, facility wage index adjustment, and facility rural location. Inpatient psychiatric facilities also receive additional outlier payments for cases in which estimated costs for
the case exceed an adjusted threshold amount plus the total adjusted payment amount for the stay. The Health Reform Law provides for a reduction of 0.75% to the base rate for rate years 2017 through 2019, in addition to an annual reduction to the
base rate that is set according to economy-wide productivity changes.    For federal fiscal year 2016, CMS increased inpatient psychiatric
payment rates by 1.5%, which included a market basket update of 2.4%, reduced by a 0.5% productivity adjustment and a reduction of 0.2% as required by the Health Reform Law, along with other payment adjustments. For federal fiscal year 2017, CMS has
issued a final rule updating inpatient psychiatric payment rates by 2.2%, which reflects a market basket increase of 2.8%, a negative 0.3% productivity adjustment, and a reduction of 0.2% as required by the Health Reform Law. The Health Reform Law
provides for additional reductions to the psychiatric prospective payment system market basket update of 0.75% per year in federal fiscal years 2017 through 2019. As of September 30, 2016, we operate one behavioral health hospital facility and
eleven specially designated psychiatric units subject to these rules.     Physician services reimbursement   
 Physician services are reimbursed under the physician fee schedule system, under which CMS has assigned a national relative value unit
( RVU ) to most medical procedures and services that reflects the resources required by a physician to provide the services relative to all other services. Each RVU is calculated based on work required in time and intensity of effort for
the service, practice expense (overhead) attributable to the service and malpractice insurance expense attributable to the service. These three elements are each modified by a geographic adjustment factor to account for local practice costs and then
aggregated. Historically, the payment amount for each service was determined using the sustainable growth rate ( SGR ). However, in April 2015, the Medicare Access and Children s Health Insurance Program ( CHIP )
Reauthorization Act of 2015 ( MACRA ) repealed the SGR physician payment methodology and replaced it with the Quality Payment Program ( QPP ), which is intended to reward high-quality patient care. MACRA also provides for a 0.5%
update for each calendar year through 2019.    In October 2016, HHS issued a final rule implementing the QPP. Beginning in 2017, physicians
must choose to participate in the QPP through one of two tracks. The Advanced Alternative Payment Model ( APM ) track makes available incentive payments for participation in specific innovative payment models approved by CMS. Providers may
earn a 5% Medicare incentive payment and will be exempt from reporting requirements and payment adjustments imposed under the Merit-Based Incentive Payment System ( MIPS ) if the provider has sufficient participation (based on percentage
of patients or payments) in an APM. Under the MIPS track, physicians will receive performance-based payment incentives or payment reductions based on their performance with respect to clinical quality, resource use, clinical improvement activities
and meaningful use of EHRs. MIPS will consolidate components of three existing programs: the Physician Quality Reporting System, the Physician Value-Based Payment Modifier, and the Medicare EHR Incentive Program. Providers must begin collecting
performance data for the QPP between January 1 and October 2, 2017. Medicare payments in 2019 will be subject to a positive or negative adjustment of up to 4% of the provider s Medicare payments-based on the data submitted from 2017
and the QPP track selected. As the QPP evolves, CMS expects to transition increasing financial risk to providers.     Ambulatory surgery
centers     CMS reimburses ambulatory surgery centers using a predetermined fee schedule. Reimbursements for ambulatory surgery center
overhead costs are limited to no more than the overhead costs paid to hospital outpatient departments under the Medicare hospital outpatient prospective payment system. All surgical procedures, other than those that pose a significant safety risk or
generally require an overnight stay, are payable as ambulatory surgery center procedures. From time to time, CMS considers expanding the services that may be performed in ambulatory surgery centers, which may result in more Medicare procedures that
historically have been performed in hospitals, such as ours, being moved to ambulatory surgery centers, potentially reducing surgical volume in our hospitals.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The Health Reform Law provides for annual reductions to the payment system for ambulatory surgery
center services, based on changes in economy-wide productivity. For calendar year 2016, CMS increased ambulatory surgery center payment rates by 0.3%, reflecting a Consumer Price Index for urban consumers
 ( CPI-U )  update of 0.8% and a negative 0.5% productivity adjustment. For calendar year 2017, CMS has issued a final rule that increases ambulatory surgery center payment rates by 1.9%, based on a  CPI-U  update of 2.2% and a negative 0.3% productivity adjustment as required by the Health Reform Law. In addition, CMS has established a quality reporting program for ambulatory surgery centers under which those
that fail to report on required quality measures receive a two percentage point reduction in reimbursement.     Managed Medicare   
 Managed Medicare plans, commonly known as Medicare Advantage, are contractual arrangements between CMS and private health plans to provide
Medicare Part A, Part B and Part D benefits to beneficiaries who enroll in such plans. The Medicare program allows beneficiaries to choose enrollment in certain Medicare Advantage plans, which may be structured as HMOs, PPOs, or private   fee-for-service   plans. Nationally, approximately 31% of Medicare beneficiaries have elected to enroll in Medicare Advantage plans.  
 Enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans has grown, and is expected to continue to grow, despite reductions in payments to Medicare Advantage
plans imposed by the Health Reform Law, which were intended to bring payments closer to the average costs of traditional Medicare beneficiaries. CMS has indicated that, for the majority of beneficiaries in calendar year 2017, Medicare Advantage
premium rates will either remain stable or decrease slightly.     Medicaid   
 Medicaid programs are jointly funded by federal and state governments and are administered by states under an approved plan that provides
hospital and other healthcare benefits to qualifying individuals who cannot afford care. All of our hospitals are certified as providers of Medicaid services. State Medicaid programs may use a prospective payment system, cost-based payment system or
other payment methodology for hospital services. However, Medicaid reimbursement is often less than a hospital s cost of services.  
 The federal government and many states from time to time consider altering the level of Medicaid funding or expanding Medicaid benefits in a
manner that could adversely affect future levels of Medicaid reimbursement received by our hospitals. In recent years, the states in which we operate have experienced budget constraints because of increased costs and lower than expected tax
collections, and many states have experienced or projected shortfalls in their budgets. Health and human services programs, including Medicaid and similar programs, represent a significant portion of state budgets. The states in which we operate
responded to these budget concerns by decreasing funding for healthcare programs or making structural changes that resulted in a reduction to Medicaid hospital revenues. Additional Medicaid spending cuts or other program changes may be implemented
in the states in which we operate. However, the Health Reform Law generally requires states to at least maintain the Medicaid eligibility standards established prior to the enactment of the law for children until October 1, 2019. The Health
Reform Law also includes provisions allowing states to significantly expand their Medicaid program coverage. However, states that elect not to implement the law s Medicaid expansion provisions may do so without the loss of existing federal
Medicaid funding. As a result, a number of state governors and legislatures, including Texas, have chosen not to participate in the expanded Medicaid program. It is unclear how many states will ultimately implement the Medicaid expansion,
particularly following the 2016 federal elections.    The Health Reform Law prohibits the use of federal funds under the Medicaid program to
reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat certain provider-preventable conditions. Each state Medicaid program must deny payments to providers to treat healthcare-acquired conditions and provider-preventable conditions designated
by CMS and any other provider-preventable conditions designated by the state.     Private supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs
    Certain of our acute care hospitals receive supplemental Medicaid reimbursement, including reimbursement from programs for
participating private hospitals that enter into indigent care affiliation agreements with public hospitals or county governments in the state of Texas. Under the  CMS-approved  programs, affiliated hospitals,
including our Texas hospitals, have expanded the community healthcare safety net by providing indigent healthcare services. Participation in indigent care affiliation agreements by our Texas hospitals has resulted in an increase in acute care
revenue by the hospitals  entitlement to supplemental Medicaid inpatient reimbursement. Under a five-year Medicaid waiver approved by CMS in 2011 and extended through December 31, 2017, Texas continues to receive supplemental Medicaid
reimbursement while expanding its managed Medicaid programs.    Supplemental payment programs are being reviewed by certain other state
agencies, and some states have made or may make waiver requests to CMS to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. These reviews and waiver requests will cause restructuring of such supplemental payment programs and could cause the
payments to be reduced or eliminated.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

   Managed Medicaid   
 Managed Medicaid programs represent arrangements in which states contract with one or more entities for patient enrollment, care management
and claims adjudication. The states rarely give up program responsibilities for financing, eligibility criteria and core benefit plan design. Our hospitals contract directly with the designated entities, which usually are managed care organizations.
These programs are state-specific.    As state governments seek to control the cost of their Medicaid programs, enrollment in managed
Medicaid plans, including states in which we operate, has increased in recent years. For example, under the five-year Medicaid waiver approved by CMS in 2011 and extended through December 31, 2017, the Texas legislature and the Texas Health and
Human Services Commission ( THHSC ) expanded Medicaid managed care enrollment in the state. The waiver allows Texas to expand its Medicaid managed care program while preserving hospital funding, provides incentive payments for healthcare
improvements and directs more funding to hospitals that serve large numbers of uninsured patients. Texas is seeking a longer-term extension of the waiver and is working to develop a proposal for CMS that integrates its Delivery System Reform
Incentive Payment pool into Medicaid managed care. There may be additional expansion of managed Medicaid plans in the states in which we operate, and economic conditions or budgetary pressures may cause reductions in premium payments to these plans.
    Disproportionate share hospital payments   
 Besides making payments for services provided directly to beneficiaries, Medicare makes additional payments to hospitals that treat a
disproportionately large number of  low-income  patients (Medicaid and Medicare patients eligible to receive Supplemental Security Income). DSH payments are determined annually based on certain statistical
information required by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the  Department ) and are calculated as a percentage addition to  MS-DRG  payments. The Health Reform Law provides for certain
reductions to both the Medicare and Medicaid DSH payment systems.    Under the Health Reform Law, beginning in federal fiscal year 2014,
Medicare DSH payments are reduced to 25% of the amount they would have been absent the law. The remaining 75% is effectively pooled, and this pool is reduced further each year by a formula that reflects reductions in the national level of uninsured
who are under age 65. Thus, the greater the level of coverage for the previously uninsured, the more the Medicare DSH payment pool is reduced. Each hospital is paid, out of the reduced DSH payment pool, an amount allocated based upon its estimated
cost of providing uncompensated care.    The federal government distributes federal Medicaid DSH funds to each state based on a statutory
formula, and the states then distribute the DSH funding among hospitals that qualify based on state-specific criteria. The Health Reform Law provides for reductions to the Medicaid DSH hospital program in federal fiscal years 2016 through 2020.
However, several laws have been enacted since the passage of the Health Reform Law that have adjusted the amounts of and timeline for the Medicaid DSH reductions. As a result, the reductions are set to occur in federal fiscal years 2018 through 2025
in the following amounts: 2018 ($2.0 billion); 2019 ($3.0 billion); 2020 ($4.0 billion); 2021 ($5.0 billion); 2022 ($6.0 billion); 2023 ($7.0 billion); 2024 ($8.0 billion); and 2025 ($8.0 billion). CMS is expected to allocate the cuts among the
states based on the volume of Medicaid inpatients and levels of uncompensated care in each state. States largely retain the ability to manage the reduced allotments and to allocate these cuts among providers within the state. The majority of our
Medicaid DSH is recognized by our Texas hospital operations.     Annual Cost Reports   
 All hospitals participating in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, whether paid on a reasonable cost basis or under a prospective payment
system, must meet specific financial reporting requirements. Federal regulations require submission of annual cost reports identifying medical costs and expenses associated with the services provided by each hospital to Medicare beneficiaries and
Medicaid recipients. These annual cost reports are subject to routine audits, which may cause adjustments to the amounts ultimately determined to be due to us under these reimbursement programs. The audit process may take several years to reach the
final determination of allowable amounts under the programs. Providers also have the right of appeal, and it is common to contest issues raised in audits of prior years  reports.  
 Cost reports filed by our facilities remain open for three years after the notice of program reimbursement date. If any of our facilities are
found to have violated federal or state laws relating to preparing and filing of Medicare or Medicaid cost reports, whether prior to or after our ownership of these facilities, we and our facilities could be subject to substantial monetary fines,
civil and criminal penalties and exclusion from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs.     Medicare Integrity Efforts   
 CMS contracts with third parties to promote the integrity of the Medicare program, including managed Medicare, through review of quality
concerns and detection and correction of improper payments. QIOs are groups of physicians and other healthcare  
      17  

Table of Contents  

quality experts that work on behalf of CMS to ensure that Medicare pays only for goods and services that are reasonable and necessary and that are provided in the most appropriate setting. RACs
conduct post-payment reviews of Medicare providers and suppliers by employing data analysis techniques to identify those Medicare claims most likely to contain overpayments, and are paid on a contingency fee basis. CMS reduced the number of claims
that RACs may audit by limiting the volume of records that RACs may request from hospitals based on each provider s claim denial rate for the previous year.  
 As required by the Health Reform Law, each state has established a RAC program to audit Medicaid claims or has sought an exemption from CMS.
States may coordinate with Medicaid RACs regarding recoupment of overpayments and refer suspected fraud and abuse to appropriate law enforcement agencies. In addition, under the Medicaid Integrity Program, CMS employs private contractors, referred
to as MICs, to perform reviews and post-payment audits of Medicaid claims and identify overpayments. The Health Reform Law increased federal funding for the Medicaid Integrity Program. Besides MICs, several other contractors and state Medicaid
agencies have increased their review activities.    Currently, there are significant delays in the assignment of new Medicare appeals to
administrative law judges. According to the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals, the average processing time in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 was over two and a half years. To ease the backlog, CMS will make available an administrative
settlement process for disputed claims, offering to pay 66% of the net allowable amount in exchange for a hospital s withdrawal of all medical claims appealed. When CMS last made this process available in 2014, we accepted the settlement offer.
    Managed Care     Managed care payors,
including HMOs and PPOs, are organizations that provide insurance coverage and a network of healthcare providers to members for a fixed monthly premium. To control costs, these organizations typically contract with hospitals and other providers for
discounted prices, review medical services to ensure that no unnecessary services are provided, increasingly implement quality standards, including refusing to pay for serious adverse events, and market providers within their networks to health plan
members. A significant percentage of our overall payor mix is commercial managed care. We generally receive lower payments from commercial managed care payors than from traditional commercial/indemnity insurers for similar services.  
  Commercial Insurance     Our hospitals
provide services to a decreasing number of individuals covered by traditional private healthcare insurance as managed care plans grow in prominence. Private insurance carriers make direct payments to hospitals or, sometimes, reimburse their policy
holders, based upon negotiated discounts from the particular hospital s established charges and the particular coverage provided in the insurance policy.  
 Commercial insurers are continuing efforts to limit the payments for hospital services by adopting discounted payment mechanisms, including
prospective payment or diagnosis related group-based payment systems, for more inpatient and outpatient services. In addition, commercial insurers increasingly are implementing quality standards, including refusing to pay for serious adverse events,
similar to Medicare. If these efforts succeed, hospitals may receive reduced levels of reimbursement.     Charity Care   
 In the ordinary course of business, we provide care without charge to patients financially unable to pay for the healthcare services they
receive. Because we do not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported in acute care revenue. We record revenue deductions for patient accounts that meet our guidelines for charity care. We provide
charity care to patients with income levels below 200% of the federal poverty level ( FPL ). At all of our hospitals, a sliding scale of reduced rates is offered to all uninsured patients who are not covered through federal, state or
private insurance, with incomes between 200% and 400% of the FPL.     Uninsured   
 In the ordinary course of business, we provide care to patients who do not have insurance coverage to pay for the healthcare services they
receive, nor do they qualify for charity care, or other federal, state or county indigent care programs. These patients include those for whom we are required to provide treatment under the federal Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act
( EMTALA ), which imposes requirements upon physicians, hospitals and other facilities to provide certain emergency care regardless of a patient s ability to pay for his or her care. We provide discounts for these patients to
eliminate some of this financial burden. These patients often do not have the financial resources to fully reimburse our hospitals for the discounted services provided. While we typically pursue collection of these account balances, the
patient s lack of financial resources can cause reduced collection rates and increased bad debts.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   Accountable Care Organizations   
 Pursuant to the Health Reform Law, the Department established Medicare Shared Savings Programs ( MSSPs ), which seek to promote
accountability and coordination of care through the creation of Medicare ACOs. The program allows certain providers, including hospitals, physicians and other designated professionals, to voluntarily form Medicare ACOs and work together along with
other Medicare ACO participants to invest in infrastructure and redesign delivery processes to achieve high quality and efficient delivery of services. The program is intended to produce savings as a result of improved quality and operational
efficiency. Medicare ACOs that achieve quality performance standards established by the Department will be eligible to share in a portion of the amounts saved by the Medicare program. As authorized by the Health Reform Law, certain waivers are
available from fraud and abuse laws for Medicare ACOs. As of January 2015, CMS has approved over 400 to participate as Medicare ACOs. We have applied for Medicare ACO status in certain markets. We are also pursuing similar initiatives with
commercial insurers, with a focus on building clinically integrated high performance provider networks intended to compete in an environment where commercial insurers increasingly are implementing pay for performance and value-based purchasing
reimbursement models similar to those contemplated by the Health Reform Law.     Bundled Payment Pilot Programs   
 The Health Reform Law created the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (the  CMS Innovation Center ) with responsibility for
establishing demonstration projects and other initiatives in order to identify, develop, test and encourage the adoption of new methods of delivering and paying for healthcare that create savings under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, while
improving quality of care. One initiative announced by the CMS Innovation Center is the BPCI initiative, a five-year voluntary, national pilot program on payment bundling for Medicare services. Under the BPCI initiative, organizations may enter into
payment arrangements that include financial and performance accountability for episodes of care, models that are intended to lead to higher quality, more coordinated care at a lower cost to the Medicare program.  
 Another bundled payment initiative of the CMS Innovation Center is the Comprehensive Care for Joint Replacement model, which began in April
2016. Hospitals located in markets selected by CMS, including three of our facilities, are required to participate in this alternative payment model for knee and hip replacements. Participating hospitals will be evaluated against quality standards
and Medicare spending targets established by CMS for each episode of care. An episode of care begins with a patient s hospital admission and includes all related care by the hospital and other providers within 90 days of discharge. Depending on
whether overall CMS spending per episode exceeds or falls below the target and whether quality standards are met, hospitals may receive supplemental Medicare payments or owe repayments to CMS.  
 The Health Reform Law also provides for a bundled payment demonstration project for Medicaid services, but CMS has not yet implemented this
project. The Department will select up to eight states to participate based on the potential to lower costs under the Medicaid program while improving care. State programs may target particular categories of beneficiaries, selected diagnoses or
geographic regions of the state. The selected state programs will provide one payment for both hospital and physician services provided to Medicaid patients for certain episodes of inpatient care.  
   Premium, Service and Other Revenue    
 The following table provides the sources of Health Choice s premium, service and other revenue by major product line:  

19  

Table of Contents  

  Premium revenue is generated through capitated contracts, under which Health Choice provides
healthcare services to enrollees for fixed periodic payments, based upon negotiated per capita member rates, and certain supplemental payments from the state of Arizona s Medicaid agency, or Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System
( AHCCCS ), the state of Utah s Medicaid agency and CMS. All capitation payments received by Health Choice are recognized as revenue in the month that members are eligible for healthcare services.  
  Medicaid Health Plans     Health
Choice s primary source of revenue is derived from contracts with state Medicaid programs in Arizona and Utah to provide specified health services to qualified Medicaid enrollees through contracted healthcare providers.  
 Effective October 1, 2013, Health Choice entered into a contract with AHCCCS with an initial term of three years, and includes two  one-year  renewal options at the discretion of AHCCCS. The contract has been renewed through fiscal year 2017. The contract is terminable without cause on 90 days written notice or for cause upon written notice if
the Company fails to comply with any term or condition of the contract or fails to take corrective action as required to comply with the terms of the contract. Additionally, AHCCCS can terminate the contract in the event of the unavailability of
state or federal funding.    In our 2014 fiscal year, Health Choice s enrollment grew significantly as a result of Arizona s
expansion of its Medicaid program under the Health Reform Law, which includes increased eligibility for adults, children and pregnant women, and the restoration of eligibility to childless adults that were previously eliminated. The expansion of the
state s Medicaid program, effective January 1, 2014, under the Health Reform Law is expected to result in the addition of approximately 350,000 people to its Medicaid rolls over the next few years. This increase in enrolled members and
premium revenue followed a period of several years in which AHCCCS tightened Medicaid eligibility standards in Arizona and decreased capitation rates paid to managed Medicaid contractors, reflecting state government budgetary pressures and a
struggling state economy. If additional changes to the Arizona Medicaid program are implemented, our revenue and earnings could be significantly impacted.  
 AHCCCS has implemented a tiered profit sharing plan on managed Medicaid plans, thereby limiting the amount of profit that may be retained by
health plans serving the Medicaid population. These changes implemented by AHCCCS followed a movement by the agency to a risk-based or severity-adjusted payment methodology for all health plans, under which capitation rates for each health plan and
geographic service area are adjusted annually based on the severity of treatment episodes experienced by each plan s membership compared to the average over a specified  12-month  period. AHCCCS 
changes in its payment structure have placed limits on Health Choice s profitability.     Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Special Needs Plan
    Health Choice provides coverage as a MAPD SNP provider pursuant to a contract with CMS. The SNP allows Health Choice to offer Medicare
and Part D drug benefit coverage for new and existing dual eligible members (i.e., those that are eligible for Medicare and Medicaid). The contract with CMS includes successive  one-year  renewal options at the
discretion of CMS and is terminable without cause on 90 days written notice or for cause upon written notice if Health Choice fails to comply with any term or condition of the contract or fails to take corrective action as required to comply with
the terms of the contract.     Healthcare Exchange Insurance Plan   
 Effective October 1, 2013, Health Choice began offering insurance plans on the Arizona state insurance exchange through Health Choice
Insurance Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Health Choice. This enables us to enroll members in our Exchange plan as they move between the Arizona state insurance exchange and Medicaid eligibility under AHCCCS. Effective January 1, 2017, Health
Choice will be exiting the Arizona marketplace exchange business.     Management and Administrative Services   
 Health Choice provides management and administrative services to its affiliated Health Choice Preferred ACO networks and through contracts with
third party health plans. These services include member services, claims adjudication, provider network services, prior authorization, utilization management, clinical care coordination, case management, disease management and quality improvement
programs. Revenue under these contracts are generated through performing these services in exchange for a contracted service fee and/or payments tied to incentives intended to produce high clinical quality and effective medical cost management.  

      20  

Table of Contents  

   Accountable Care Networks   
 Health Choice has continued to lead our provider network development efforts in Arizona, Utah and other markets through its Health Choice
Preferred ACO network operations. These networks serve as contracting vehicles that allow our hospitals and affiliated network physicians to enter into risk and other performance-based contracts with third-party payors.  
  Government Regulation and Other Factors   
 A framework of complex federal and state laws, rules and regulations governs the healthcare industry and, for many provisions, there is little
history of regulatory or judicial interpretation upon which to rely. The Health Reform Law significantly increases this complexity. Because we operate in a heavily regulated industry subject to shifts in political and regulatory dynamics, we devote
significant time and resources to regulatory compliance, including compliance with those laws and regulations described below.      Healthcare Reform
     The Health Reform Law changed how healthcare services are covered, delivered and reimbursed through expanded coverage of uninsured
individuals, reduced growth in Medicare program spending, reductions in Medicare and Medicaid DSH payments and the establishment of programs where reimbursement is tied to clinical integration and quality of care. In addition, the Health Reform Law
reformed certain aspects of health insurance, continues to expand efforts to tie Medicare and Medicaid payments to performance and quality and contains provisions intended to strengthen fraud and abuse enforcement. As noted above, the 2016 federal
elections increase the likelihood that legislation will be adopted that significantly modifies or repeals the Health Reform Law.     Expanded Coverage
    Based on estimates issued in March 2016, the Health Reform Law is expected to expand coverage to 24 million previously uninsured
individuals by 2026. This increased coverage is expected to occur through a combination of public program expansion and private sector health insurance and other reforms.  
  Medicaid expansion . The primary public program coverage expansion is occurring through changes in Medicaid, and to a lesser extent,
expansion of CHIP. The most significant changes expand the categories of individuals eligible for Medicaid coverage and permit individuals with relatively higher incomes to qualify. Since January 1, 2014, the Health Reform Law requires all
state Medicaid programs to provide, and the federal government to subsidize, Medicaid coverage to virtually all adults under 65 years old with incomes at or under 133% of the FPL. However, states may opt out of the expansion without losing existing
federal Medicaid funding. For those states that expand Medicaid coverage, the Health Reform Law also requires those states to apply a  5% income disregard  to the Medicaid eligibility standard, so that Medicaid eligibility will effectively
be extended to those with incomes up to 138% of the FPL. A number of state governors and legislatures, including in Texas, have chosen not to participate in the expanded Medicaid program at this time; however, these states could choose to implement
the expansion at a later date.    As Medicaid is a joint federal and state program, the federal government provides states with
 matching funds  in a defined percentage, known as the federal medical assistance percentage ( FMAP ). Beginning in 2014, states began receiving an enhanced FMAP for the individuals enrolled in Medicaid pursuant to the Medicaid
expansion provisions of the Health Reform Law. The FMAP percentage is as follows: 95% for 2017; 94% in 2018; 93% in 2019; and 90% in 2020 and thereafter.  
 The Health Reform Law also provides that the federal government will subsidize states that create
 non-Medicaid  plans for residents whose incomes are greater than 133% of the FPL but do not exceed 200% of the FPL. Approved state plans will be eligible to receive federal funding. The amount of that funding
per individual will be equal to 95% of subsidies that would have been provided for that individual had he or she enrolled in a health plan offered through one of the Exchanges, as discussed below.  
 Historically, states often have attempted to reduce Medicaid spending by limiting benefits and tightening Medicaid eligibility requirements.
For states that do not participate in Medicaid expansion, the maximum income level required for individuals and families to qualify for Medicaid varies widely from state to state. However, the Health Reform Law requires states to at least maintain
the Medicaid eligibility standards established prior to the enactment of the law for children until October 1, 2019.     Private
sector expansion . The expansion of health coverage through the private sector as a result of the Health Reform Law is occurring through requirements applicable to health insurers, employers and individuals. Each health plan must keep its annual  non-medical  costs lower than 15% of premium revenue for the group market and lower than 20% in the small group and individual markets or rebate its enrollees the amount spent in excess of the percentage. In
addition, health insurers are not permitted to deny coverage to children based upon a  pre-existing  condition and must allow dependent care coverage for children up to 26 years old. Health insurance companies
are prohibited from imposing annual coverage limits, dropping coverage, excluding persons based upon  pre-existing  conditions or denying coverage for any individual who is willing to pay the premiums for such
coverage.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Larger employers are required to provide health insurance benefits to their full-time employees.
Employers with 50 or more employees that do not offer health insurance are subject to a penalty if an employee obtains government-subsidized coverage through an Exchange. The employer penalties range from approximately $2,000 to $3,000 per employee
per year, subject to certain thresholds and conditions.    The Health Reform Law uses various means to induce individuals who do not have
health insurance to obtain coverage. As of January 1, 2014, individuals are required to maintain health insurance for a minimum defined set of benefits or pay a tax penalty. The Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ), in consultation with
the Department, is responsible for enforcing the tax penalty, although the Health Reform Law limits the availability of certain IRS enforcement mechanisms. In addition, for individuals and families below 400% of the FPL, the cost of obtaining health
insurance will be subsidized by the federal government. Those with lower incomes are eligible to receive greater subsidies.    To facilitate
the purchase of health insurance by individuals and small employers, the Health Reform Law mandates that each state establish or participate in an Exchange or default to a federally operated Exchange. Based on CBO estimates issued in March 2016,
approximately 18 million nonelderly individuals will obtain their health insurance coverage through an Exchange by 2026. This amount will include individuals who were previously uninsured and individuals who have switched from their prior
insurance coverage to a plan obtained through the Exchange. However, there is uncertainty regarding the stability of the Exchanges, as several health insurers have indicated they will reduce or cease participation in the 2017 plan year because of
unsustainable financial losses.    The Health Reform Law requires that the Exchanges be designed to make the process of evaluating,
comparing and acquiring coverage simple for consumers. For example, each state s Exchange must maintain an internet website through which consumers may access health plan ratings that are assigned by the state based on quality and price, view
governmental health program eligibility requirements and calculate the actual cost of health coverage. Health insurers participating in the Exchange must offer a set of minimum benefits to be defined by the Department and may offer more benefits.
Health insurers must offer at least two, and up to five, levels of plans that vary by the percentage of medical expenses that must be paid by the enrollee. These levels are referred to as platinum, gold, silver, bronze and catastrophic plans, with
gold and silver being the two mandatory levels of plans. Each level of plan must require the enrollee to share the following percentages of medical expenses up to the  deductible/co-payment  limit: platinum,
10%; gold, 20%; silver, 30%; bronze, 40%; and catastrophic, 100%. Health insurers may establish varying  deductible/co-payment  levels, up to the statutory maximum. The health insurers must cover 100% of the
amount of medical expenses in excess of the  deductible/co-payment  limit. For example, an individual making 100% to 200% of the FPL will have  co-payments  and deductibles
reduced to about  one-third  of the amount payable by those with the same plan with incomes at or above 400% of the FPL.  
  Payments for Hospitals and Ambulatory Surgery Centers   
  Payment Reductions and Quality-based Payments . The Health Reform Law provides for Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare
program spending reductions between 2010 and 2019 and a permanent annual productivity adjustment that began in 2012. In July 2012, the CBO estimated that, between 2013 and 2022, the Health Reform Law reductions would include $415 billion in
Medicare   fee-for-service   market basket and productivity reimbursement reductions, the majority of which will come from hospitals. The CBO estimate included an additional
$56 billion in reductions in Medicare and Medicaid DSH funding. The Health Reform Law also establishes or expands a number of programs designed to promote value-based purchasing and to link payments to quality and efficiency. These items are
discussed above in the section entitled  Sources of Revenue Acute Care Revenue.      Accountable care organizations .
Pursuant to the Health Reform Law, the Department established the MSSP to facilitate coordination and cooperation among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare
  fee-for-service   beneficiaries and reduce unnecessary costs. Eligible providers, hospitals, and suppliers may participate in the MSSP by creating or participating in an
ACO. To drive improvements in quality and operational efficiency, the MSSP rewards ACOs that decrease their growth in healthcare costs while meeting performance standards, as discussed above in the section entitled  Sources of
Revenue Acute Care Revenue.      Bundled payment pilot programs . The CMS Innovation Center, established under the Health
Reform Law, is responsible for testing innovative payment and service delivery models to reduce Medicare and Medicaid program expenditures while preserving or enhancing quality of care. The BPCI initiative, discussed above in the section entitled
 Sources of Revenue Acute Care Revenue , for example, is comprised of four models of care that link payments for the multiple services a beneficiary receives during an episode of care. Organizations enter into payment arrangements
that include financial and performance accountability, which may lead to higher quality and more coordinated care at a lower cost to the Medicare program.  
  Medicare managed care . Under the Medicare Advantage ( MA ) program, the federal government contracts with private health
plans to provide inpatient and outpatient benefits to beneficiaries who enroll in such plans. Effective in 2014, the Health Reform Law requires Medicare Advantage plans to keep annual administrative costs lower than 15% of annual premium revenue.
The Health Reform Law provides for additional reductions to Medicare Advantage plans, as discussed above in the section entitled  Sources of Revenue Acute Care Revenue.   
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Physician-owned hospitals . The Health Reform Law effectively prohibits the formation of
physician-owned hospitals that participate in Medicare or Medicaid after December 31, 2010. While the Health Reform Law grandfathers existing physician-owned hospitals, including our facilities that have physician ownership, it does not allow
these hospitals to increase the percentage of physician ownership and significantly restricts our ability to add beds, operating rooms and procedure rooms at such physician-owned facilities.  
 The Health Reform Law also imposes additional disclosure requirements on physician-owned hospitals. For example, a grandfathered
physician-owned hospital is required to submit periodic reports listing each investor in the hospital, including all physician owners. In addition, grandfathered physician-owned hospitals must have procedures in place that require each referring
physician owner to disclose to patients, with enough notice for the patient to make a meaningful decision regarding receipt of care, the physician s ownership interest and, if applicable, any ownership interest held by the treating physician. A
grandfathered physician-owned hospital also must disclose on its website and in any public advertising the fact that it has physician ownership. The Health Reform Law requires the Department to audit grandfathered physician-owned hospitals 
compliance with these requirements.     Program Integrity and Fraud and Abuse   
 The Health Reform Law changes healthcare fraud and abuse laws, provides additional enforcement tools to the government, increases cooperation
between agencies by establishing mechanisms for sharing information and enhances criminal and administrative penalties for  non-compliance.  The Health Reform Law: (1) provides $350 million in
increased federal funding over 10 years to fight healthcare fraud, waste and abuse; (2) expands the RAC program to include MA plans and Medicaid; (3) authorizes the Department, in consultation with the Office of the Inspector General
( OIG ), to suspend Medicare and Medicaid payments to a provider of services or a supplier pending an investigation of a credible allegation of fraud; (4) provides Medicare contractors with additional flexibility to conduct random
prepayment reviews; and (5) tightens the requirements for returning overpayments made by governmental health programs and expands the federal False Claims Act ( FCA ) liability to include failure to report and return an overpayment
within 60 days of identifying the overpayment or by the date a corresponding cost report is due, whichever is later.     Impact of Health Reform Law on
Our Company     The expansion of health insurance coverage under the Health Reform Law may cause a material increase in the number of
patients using our facilities who have either private or public program coverage. In addition, a disproportionately large percentage of the new Medicaid coverage is likely to be in states that have relatively low income eligibility requirements.
Further, the Health Reform Law provides for a value-based purchasing program, the establishment of Medicare ACOs and bundled payment pilot programs, which will create possible sources of additional revenue.  
 It is difficult to predict the ongoing impact of the Health Reform Law, because of uncertainty surrounding several material factors,
including:      

the potential that the Health Reform Law is repealed or significantly modified in light of the 2016 federal elections;        

how many states will implement the Medicaid expansion and under what terms;        

the possibility of enactment of additional federal or state healthcare reforms;        

uncertainty regarding new or pending court challenges to elements of the Health Reform Law;        

the success and financial sustainability of the Exchanges, which may be impacted by whether a sufficient number of payors participate.    

how many previously uninsured individuals will obtain coverage because of the Health Reform Law (based on the CBO March 2016 estimates, by 2026, the Health Reform Law will expand coverage to 24 million additional
individuals);        

what percentage of the newly insured patients will be covered under the Medicaid program and what percentage will be covered by private health insurers;    

the extent to which states will enroll new Medicaid participants in managed care programs;        

the pace at which insurance coverage expands, including the pace of different types of coverage expansion;        

the change in the volume of inpatient and outpatient hospital services sought by and provided to previously uninsured individuals;        

the potential that adverse selection and high acuity levels associated with newly insured individuals may negatively impact the operations of Health Choice;    
      23  

Table of Contents  

the rate paid to hospitals by private payors and state governments for newly covered individuals, and individuals with existing coverage, including those covered through health plans offered through the Exchanges and
those covered under the Medicaid program;        

the effect of the value-based purchasing trends, such as bundled payments or coordination of care programs, on our hospitals  revenue and the effects of other quality programs implemented;    

the percentage of individuals in the Exchanges who select high deductible or restricted network plans, since health insurers offering those kinds of products have traditionally sought to pay lower rates to hospitals;

the extent to which employers will drop existing coverage of employees and their dependents, potentially resulting in those individuals purchasing coverage through the Exchange or enrolling in Medicaid;

uncertainty regarding future EHR incentives;        

whether the net effect of the Health Reform Law, including the prohibition on excluding individuals based on  pre-existing  conditions, the requirement to keep medical costs lower
than a specified percentage of premium revenue, other health insurance reforms and the annual fee applied to all health insurers, will put pressure on the profitability of health insurers, which might cause them to reduce payments to hospitals
regarding both newly insured individuals and their existing business.        

the effect of future reductions in Medicare and Medicaid spending and reimbursement rates on the overall revenues we will generate from governmental healthcare programs;    

the size of the Health Reform Law s annual productivity adjustment to the market basket in future years;        

the Medicare DSH reductions, and the allocation to our hospitals of the Medicaid DSH reductions;        

the potential losses in revenues resulting from the Health Reform Law s quality initiatives;        

how successful ACOs will be at coordinating care and reducing costs; and        

whether our revenues from private supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs will be adversely affected because there may be fewer indigent,  non-Medicaid  patients for whom we
provide services under these programs.        Licensure, Certification and Accreditation    
 Healthcare facility construction and operation is subject to extensive government regulation at the federal, state and local levels. Under
these regulations, hospitals must meet requirements to be certified as hospitals and qualified to participate in government programs, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The requirements imposed include those relating to the adequacy of
medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, fire prevention, rate-setting and compliance with building codes and environmental protection laws. Our facilities also are subject to periodic inspection by governmental and
other authorities to assure continued compliance with the standards necessary for licensing and accreditation. We believe that all of our operating healthcare facilities are properly licensed under state healthcare laws, but we cannot assure you
that government agencies or other entities enforcing licensure requirements would find our facilities in compliance with such requirements. Failure to meet these requirements may result in loss of license or the ability to participate in government
programs as well as civil and criminal penalties. All of our operating hospitals are certified under the Medicare program and are accredited by either Det Norske Veritas ( DNV ) or The Joint Commission, the effect of which is to permit the
facilities to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. If any facility loses its accreditation, the facility would be subject to state surveys, potentially be subject to increased scrutiny by CMS and likely lose payment from  non-government  payors. We intend to conduct our operations in compliance with current applicable federal, state, local and independent review body regulations and standards, but we cannot assure you that government
agencies or other entities enforcing such requirements would find our facilities in compliance with such requirements. Licensure, certification, or accreditation requirements also may require notification or approval if certain transfers or changes
in ownership or organization occur. Requirements for licensure, certification and accreditation are subject to change and, to remain qualified, we may need to change our facilities, equipment, personnel and services.  
   Utilization Review      Federal law
contains numerous provisions designed to ensure that services rendered by hospitals to Medicare and Medicaid patients meet professionally recognized standards and are medically necessary and that claims for reimbursement are properly filed. These
provisions require that a sampling of admissions of Medicare and Medicaid patients be reviewed by quality improvement organizations that analyze the appropriateness of Medicare and Medicaid patient admissions and discharges, quality of care,
validity of diagnosis-related group classifications and appropriateness of cases of extraordinary length of stay or cost. Quality improvement organizations may deny payment for services provided, assess fines and recommend to the Department that a
provider not in substantial compliance with the standards of the quality improvement organization be excluded from participation in the Medicare program. Most  non-governmental  managed care organizations also
require utilization review.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

    Federal and State Fraud and Abuse Provisions    
 Participation in any federal healthcare program, like Medicare, is regulated heavily by statute and regulation. If a hospital provider fails to
substantially comply with the numerous conditions of participation in the Medicare or Medicaid program or performs specific prohibited acts, the hospital s participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs may be terminated or civil or
criminal penalties may be imposed upon it under provisions of the Social Security Act and other statutes.    Among these statutes is a
section of the Social Security Act, known as the federal anti-kickback statute. This law prohibits providers and others from soliciting, receiving, offering or paying, directly or indirectly, any remuneration intending to generate referrals or
orders for services or items covered by a federal healthcare program. Courts have interpreted this law broadly and held that it violates the anti-kickback statute if just one purpose of the remuneration is to generate referrals, even if there are
other lawful purposes. Knowledge of the law or intent to violate the law is not required to establish a violation of the anti-kickback statute.  
 The OIG has published safe harbor regulations that outline categories of activities deemed protected from prosecution under the anti-kickback
statute. There are safe harbors for various arrangements and activities, including: investment interests, space rental, equipment rental, practitioner recruitment, personal services and management contracts, sale of practice, referral services,
warranties, discounts, employees, group purchasing organizations, waiver of beneficiary  co-insurance  and deductible amounts, managed care arrangements, obstetrical malpractice insurance subsidies, investments
in group practices, ambulatory surgery centers, and referral agreements for specialty services.    The fact that certain conduct or a
certain business arrangement does not fall within a safe harbor does not automatically render the conduct or business arrangement illegal under the anti-kickback statute. The conduct or business arrangement, however, risks increased scrutiny by
government enforcement authorities.    The OIG, among other regulatory agencies, identifies and engages in enforcement actions regarding
fraud, abuse and waste. The OIG carries out this mission through a nationwide program of audits, investigations and inspections. To provide guidance to healthcare providers, the OIG has from time to time issued  fraud alerts  that,
although they do not have the force of law, identify features of a transaction that may indicate that the transaction could violate the anti-kickback statute or other federal healthcare laws. The OIG has identified several incentive arrangements as
potential violations, including:      

payment of any incentive by the hospital when a physician refers a patient to the hospital;        

use of free or significantly discounted office space or equipment for physicians in facilities usually located close to the hospital;    

provision of free or significantly discounted billing, nursing, or other staff services;        

free training for a physician s office staff, including management and laboratory techniques;        

guarantees that provide that, if the physician s income fails to reach a predetermined level, the hospital will pay any portion of the remainder;    

low-interest  or interest-free loans, or loans that may be forgiven if a physician refers patients to the hospital;    

payment of the costs of a physician s travel and expenses for conferences or a physician s continuing education courses;        

coverage on the hospital s group health insurance plans at an inappropriately low cost to the physician;        

rental of space in physician offices, at other than fair market value terms, by persons or entities to which physicians refer;        

payment for services that require few substantive duties by the physician, or payment for services over the fair market value of the services rendered;    

gainsharing,  the practice of giving physicians a share of any reduction in a hospital s costs for patient care attributable in part to the physician s efforts; or    

physician-owned entities (often referred to as physician-owned distributorships or PODs) that derive revenue from selling, or arranging for the sale of implantable medical devices ordered by their physician-owners for
use on procedures that physician-owners perform on their own patients at hospitals or ambulatory surgery centers.      Besides
issuing fraud alerts, the OIG from time to time issues compliance program guidance for certain types of healthcare providers. In its hospital compliance guidance, the OIG identifies areas of potential risk of liability under federal fraud and abuse
statutes and regulations. These areas of risk include compensation arrangements with physicians, recruitment arrangements with physicians and joint venture relationships with physicians. The OIG recommends structuring arrangements to fit squarely
within a safe harbor.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  We have a variety of financial relationships with physicians who refer patients to our hospitals.
Physicians have an ownership interest in nine of our full service acute care hospitals. We also have other joint venture relationships with physicians and contracts with physicians providing for a variety of financial arrangements, including
employment contracts, leases and professional service agreements. We provide financial incentives to recruit physicians to relocate to communities served by our hospitals, including minimum cash collections guarantees and forgiveness of repayment
obligations. Although we have established policies and procedures to help ensure that our arrangements with physicians comply with current law and interpretations, we cannot assure you that regulatory authorities that enforce these laws will not
determine that some violate the anti-kickback statute or other applicable laws. Violation of the anti-kickback statute is a felony, and such a determination could subject us to liabilities under the Social Security Act, including criminal penalties
of imprisonment or fines, civil penalties up to $73,588 per violation, damages up to three times the total improper payment to the referral source and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.    The Social Security Act also
imposes criminal and civil penalties for submitting false claims to Medicare and Medicaid. False claims include, but are not limited to, billing for services not rendered, misrepresenting actual services rendered to obtain higher reimbursement and
cost report fraud. Also prohibited is the payment of inducements to Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries to influence those beneficiaries to order or receive services from a particular provider or practitioner. Further, the Social Security Act
contains civil penalties for conduct including improper coding and billing for unnecessary goods and services. Civil penalties may also be imposed for failing to report and return an overpayment within 60 days of identifying the overpayment or by
the date a corresponding cost report is due, whichever is later. To avoid liability, providers must carefully and accurately code claims for reimbursement, and accurately prepare cost reports.  
 Some of these provisions, including the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, require a lower burden of proof than other fraud and abuse laws,
including the federal anti-kickback statute. Civil monetary penalties of up to $73,588 per act may be imposed under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law, in addition to penalties of up to three times the remuneration offered, paid, solicited or
received. Beginning in 2017, the civil monetary penalties will be updated annually based on changes to the consumer price index. In addition, a violator may be subject to exclusion from federal and state healthcare programs. Exclusion may extend to
any investors, officers and managing employees associated with business entities that have committed healthcare fraud. Federal and state governments increasingly use the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law, especially where they believe they cannot
meet the higher burden of proof requirements under the federal anti-kickback statute. Providers are also subject to several criminal provisions for healthcare fraud offenses that apply to all health benefit programs.  
 The Social Security Act also includes a provision commonly known as the  Stark Law.  This law prohibits physicians from referring
Medicare patients to entities with which they or any of their immediate family members have a financial relationship for the provision of certain designated health services that are reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid, including inpatient and
outpatient hospital services. The law also prohibits the entity from billing the Medicare program for any items or services that stem from a prohibited referral and requires the entity to refund amounts received for items or services provided
pursuant to the prohibited referral on a timely basis. Failure to refund amounts received as a result of a prohibited referral on a timely basis may constitute a false or fraudulent claim and may result in civil penalties and additional penalties
under the FCA. Sanctions for violating the Stark Law also include denial of payment (and obligation to repay amounts improperly received) and civil monetary penalties up to $23,863 per item or service improperly billed and exclusion from the federal
healthcare programs. The statute also provides for a penalty of up to $159,089 for a scheme intended to circumvent the Stark Law prohibitions. Beginning in 2017, these civil monetary penalties will be updated annually based on changes to the
consumer price index. There are several exceptions to the Stark Law, including an exception for a physician s ownership interest in an entire hospital, although the Health Reform Law significantly restricts this exception. There also are
exceptions for many of the customary financial arrangements between physicians and providers, including employment contracts, leases, professional services agreements and recruitment agreements. Unlike safe harbors under the anti-kickback statute,
with which compliance is voluntary, an arrangement must comply with every requirement of the Stark Law exception or the arrangement violates the Stark Law. Further, intent does not have to be proven to establish a violation of the Stark Law.  
 CMS has issued final regulations implementing the Stark Law that help clarify the exceptions to the Stark Law, it is unclear how the
government will interpret many for enforcement purposes. We cannot assure you that the arrangements entered into by us and our hospitals will be found to comply with the Stark Law, as it ultimately may be implemented or interpreted.  
 Historically, the Stark Law has contained an exception, commonly referred to as the  whole-hospital  exception, allowing physicians
to own an interest in an entire hospital, as opposed to an interest in a hospital department. However, the Health Reform Law significantly narrows the Stark Law s whole-hospital exception. Specifically, the whole-hospital exception is available
only to hospitals that had physician ownership in place as of March 23, 2010, and a Medicare provider agreement effective as of  
      26  

Table of Contents  

December 31, 2010. The Health Reform Law and implementing regulations issued by CMS prevent the formation of new physician-owned hospitals that participate in Medicare or Medicaid. While the
amended whole-hospital exception grandfathers certain existing physician-owned hospitals, including nine of ours, it prohibits a grandfathered hospital from increasing its aggregate percentage of physician ownership beyond the aggregate level in
place as of March 23, 2010. In 2015, CMS issued a final rule that changes the methodology for calculating the baseline level of ownership effective January 1, 2017. A grandfathered physician-owned hospital may not increase its aggregate
number of operating rooms, procedure rooms, and beds for which it is licensed beyond the number as of March 23, 2010, subject to limited exceptions. A grandfathered physician-owned hospital must comply with several additional requirements,
including not conditioning any physician ownership directly or indirectly on the owner making or influencing referrals, not offering any ownership interests to physician owners on more favorable terms than those offered to  non-physicians  and not providing any guarantee to physician owners to purchase other business interests related to the hospital. Further, a grandfathered hospital cannot have been converted from an ambulatory
surgery center to a hospital.    The whole-hospital exception, as amended, also contains additional disclosure requirements. For example, a
grandfathered physician-owned hospital is required to submit periodic reports listing each investor in the hospital, including all physician owners. Although CMS has delayed the collection of annual reporting data until further notice, the agency
recently released a new form for the annual disclosures. In addition, grandfathered physician-owned hospitals must have procedures in place that require each referring physician owner to disclose to patients, with enough notice for the patient to
make a meaningful decision regarding receipt of care, the physician s ownership interest and, if applicable, any ownership interest held by the treating physician. A grandfathered physician-owned hospital also must disclose on its website and
in any public advertising the fact that it has physician ownership. The Health Reform Law requires the Department to audit grandfathered physician-owned hospitals  compliance with these requirements.  
 Besides the restrictions and disclosure requirements applicable to physician-owned hospitals in the Health Reform Law, CMS regulations require
physician-owned hospitals and their physician owners to disclose certain ownership information to patients. Physician-owned hospitals that receive referrals from physician owners must disclose in writing to patients that such hospitals are owned by
physicians and that patients may receive a list of the hospitals  physician investors upon request. A physician-owned hospital must require all physician owners who are members of the hospital s medical staff to agree, as a condition of
continued medical staff membership or admitting privileges, to disclose in writing to all patients whom they refer to the hospital their (or an immediate family member s) ownership interest in the hospital. A hospital is physician-owned if any
physician, or an immediate family member of a physician, holds debt, stock or other types of investment in the hospital or in any owner of the hospital, excluding physician ownership through publicly traded securities that meet certain conditions.
If a hospital fails to comply with these regulations, the hospital could lose its Medicare provider agreement and be prevented from participating in Medicare.  
 Evolving interpretations of current, or the adoption of new, federal or state laws or regulations could affect many of the arrangements
entered into by each of our hospitals. In addition, law enforcement authorities, including the OIG, the courts and Congress are increasing scrutiny of arrangements between healthcare providers and potential referral sources to ensure that the
arrangements are not designed as a mechanism to improperly pay for patient referrals or other business. Investigators also have demonstrated a willingness to look behind the formalities of a business transaction to determine the underlying purpose
of payments between healthcare providers and potential referral sources.    Many of the states in which we operate also have adopted laws
that prohibit payments to physicians for referrals similar to the federal anti-kickback statute or that otherwise prohibit fraud and abuse activities. Many states also have passed self-referral legislation similar to the Stark Law, prohibiting the
referral of patients to entities with which the physician has a financial relationship. Often these state laws are broad in scope and may apply regardless of the source of payment for care. These statutes typically provide for criminal and civil
penalties, and loss of licensure. Little precedent exists for the interpretation or enforcement of these state laws.    Our operations could
be adversely affected by the failure of our arrangements to comply with the anti-kickback statute, the Stark Law, billing laws and regulations, current state laws or other legislation or regulations in these areas adopted. We cannot predict whether
other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level if any will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or how they may affect our operations. We are continuing to enter into new financial arrangements with
physicians and other providers in a manner structured to comply materially with these laws. We cannot assure you, however, that governmental officials responsible for enforcing these laws or whistleblowers will not assert that we violate them or
that such statutes or regulations ultimately will be interpreted by the courts in a manner consistent with our interpretation.      The Federal False
Claims Act and Similar State Laws      Another trend affecting the healthcare industry is the increased use of the FCA and actions
being brought by individuals on the government s behalf under the FCA s  qui tam  or whistleblower provisions. Whistleblower provisions allow private individuals to sue on behalf of the government alleging that the defendant has
defrauded the federal government. For example, the FCA is implicated by the submission of false claims to Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. The FCA also applies to payments  
      27  

Table of Contents  

involving federal funds in connection with the Exchanges. If the government intervenes and prevails, the party filing the initial complaint may share in any settlement or judgment. If the
government does not intervene, the whistleblower plaintiff may pursue the action independently and may receive a larger share of any settlement or judgment. When a private party brings a qui tam action under the FCA, the defendant will not know the
lawsuit until the government commences its own investigation or makes a determination whether it will intervene. Further, every entity that receives at least $5 million annually in Medicaid payments must have written policies for all employees,
contractors or agents, providing detailed information about false claims, false statements and whistleblower protections under certain federal laws, including the FCA, and similar state laws.  
 When a defendant is determined by a court of law to be liable under the FCA, the defendant must pay three times the actual damages sustained
by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of between $10,781 and $21,563 for each separate false claim. These civil monetary penalties will increase annually, beginning in 2017, based on updates to the consumer price index. Settlements
entered into prior to litigation usually involve a less severe calculation of damages. There are many potential bases for liability under the FCA, including knowingly and improperly avoiding repayment of an overpayment received from the government
and the knowing failure to report and return an overpayment within 60 days of identifying the overpayment or by the date a corresponding cost report is due, whichever is later. Overpayments are deemed to have been  identified  when a
provider has, or should have, through reasonable diligence, determined that a reimbursement overpayment was received and has quantified such overpayment. Liability often arises when an entity knowingly submits a false claim for reimbursement to the
federal government. The FCA broadly defines the term  knowingly.  Although simple negligence will not give rise to liability under the FCA, submitting a claim with reckless disregard to its truth or falsity can constitute
 knowingly  submitting a false claim and result in liability. The Health Reform Law provides that submission of a claim for an item or service generated in violation of the anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim
under the FCA. Sometimes, whistleblowers, the federal government and courts have claimed that providers that allegedly have violated other statutes, such as the Stark Law, have submitted false claims under the FCA.  
 Several states, including states in which we operate, have adopted their own false claims provisions and their own whistleblower provisions whereby a private
party may file a civil lawsuit in state court. The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 ( DEFRA ) creates an incentive for states to enact false claims laws that are comparable to the FCA. From time to time, companies in the healthcare industry,
including ours, may be subject to actions under the FCA or similar state laws.      Corporate Practice of Medicine/Fee Splitting    
 Certain of the states in which we operate have laws that prohibit unlicensed persons or business entities, including corporations, from
employing physicians or laws that prohibit certain direct or indirect payments or  fee-splitting  arrangements between physicians and unlicensed persons or business entities. Possible sanctions for violations of
these restrictions include loss of a physician s license, civil and criminal penalties and rescission of business arrangements that may violate these restrictions. These statutes vary from state to state, are often vague and seldom have been
interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. Although we exercise care to structure our arrangements with healthcare providers to comply with relevant state laws, we cannot assure you that governmental officials responsible for enforcing these
laws will not assert that we, or transactions in which we are involved, violate such laws, or that such laws ultimately will be interpreted by the courts in a manner consistent with our interpretations.  
   Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) Administrative Simplification and Privacy and Security Requirements    
 The HIPAA administrative simplification provisions are intended to encourage electronic commerce in the healthcare industry. These provisions
require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for healthcare claims and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. HIPAA also requires that each provider use a National Provider Identifier. In addition, the Health
Reform Law requires the Department to adopt standards for additional electronic transactions and to establish operating rules to promote uniformity in the implementation of each standardized electronic transaction. The Department has established
operating rules for healthcare electronic funds transfers and remittance advice transactions. Further, all healthcare providers and plans covered by HIPAA were required to transition, by October 1, 2015, to updated standard code sets to report
certain diagnoses and procedures, known as  ICD-10  code sets.    As required by HIPAA, the Department
has issued privacy and security regulations that extensively regulate the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information (known as protected health information or  PHI ) and require covered entities, including
healthcare providers, to implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the security of PHI. Entities that handle PHI on behalf of covered entities (known as  business associates ) or of other business associates
must comply with most provisions of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations and are subject to civil and criminal penalties for violations to these regulations. A covered entity may be subject to penalties as a result of a business associate
violating HIPAA, if the business associate is found to be an agent of the covered entity.    Covered entities must report breaches of
unsecured PHI to affected individuals without unreasonable delay, but not to exceed 60 days of discovery of the breach by the covered entity or its agents. Notification must also be made to the Department and, in certain situations involving large
breaches, to the media. All  non-permitted  uses or disclosures of unsecured PHI are presumed to be breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes that there is a low probability the
information has been compromised.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The privacy and security regulations have and will continue to impose significant costs on our
facilities in order to comply with these standards. Violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations may result in civil and criminal penalties. Further, the Department is required to perform compliance audits, which may result in increased
enforcement activity. In addition, state attorneys general may bring civil actions seeking either injunction or damages in response to violations of HIPAA privacy and security regulations that threaten the privacy of state residents. The Department
is required to impose penalties for violations resulting from willful neglect.    There are numerous other laws and legislative and
regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing privacy and security concerns. Our facilities remain subject to any federal or state privacy-related laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued under HIPAA.
These laws vary, may impose additional obligations and could impose additional penalties. For example, various state laws and regulations may require us to notify affected individuals in the event of a data breach involving individually identifiable
information (even if no health-related information is involved). In addition, the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to data breaches.  
   The Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act    
 The federal EMTALA was adopted by Congress in response to reports of a widespread hospital emergency room practice of  patient
dumping.  At the time of the enactment, patient dumping was considered to have occurred when a hospital capable of providing the needed care sent a patient to another facility or turned the patient away based on such patient s inability to
pay for his or her care. The law imposes requirements upon physicians, hospitals and other facilities that provide emergency medical services. Such requirements pertain to what care must be provided to anyone who comes to such facilities seeking
care before they may be transferred to another facility or otherwise denied care. The government broadly interprets the law to cover situations in which individuals do not present to a hospital s emergency department, but present for emergency
examination or treatment to the hospital s campus or to a hospital-based clinic that treats emergency medical conditions or are transported in a hospital-owned ambulance, subject to certain exceptions. At least one court has interpreted the law
also to apply to a hospital notified of a patient s pending arrival in a  non-hospital  owned ambulance. Sanctions for violations of this statute include termination of a hospital s Medicare provider
agreement, exclusion of a physician from participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs and civil monetary penalties. In addition, the law creates private civil remedies that enable an individual who suffers personal harm because of a violation of
the law, and a medical facility that suffers a financial loss because of another participating hospital s violation of the law, to sue the offending hospital for damages and equitable relief. We can give no assurance that governmental officials
responsible for enforcing the law, individuals or other medical facilities will not assert from time to time that our facilities violate this statute.  
   Conversion Legislation      Many
states have enacted or are considering enacting laws affecting the conversion or sale of   not-for-profit   hospitals. These laws include provisions relating to attorney
general approval, advance notification and community involvement. In addition, attorneys general in states without conversion legislation may exercise authority over these transactions based upon existing law. In many states, there has been an
increased interest in the oversight of   not-for-profit   conversions. The adoption of conversion legislation and the increased review of   not-for-profit   hospital conversions may increase the cost and difficulty or prevent the completion of transactions with or acquisitions of
  not-for-profit   organizations in various states.      Healthcare Industry
Investigations      Significant media and public attention has focused in recent years on the hospital industry, which has led to
increasing scrutiny of the industry by government investigators and private parties pursuing civil lawsuits. In addition, government agencies and their agents, including MACs, may conduct audits of our healthcare operations. Private payors may
conduct similar audits, and we also perform internal audits and monitoring.    Our substantial Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental
billings may result in heightened scrutiny of our operations. We continue to monitor all aspects of our business and have developed a compliance program to assist us in gaining comfort that our business practices follow both legal principles and
current industry standards. However, because the law is complex and constantly evolving, we cannot assure you that government investigations will not result in interpretations inconsistent with industry practices, including ours. In public
statements surrounding current investigations, governmental authorities have taken positions on several issues, including some for which little official interpretation previously has been available, that appear to be inconsistent with practices that
have been common within the industry and that previously have not been challenged in this manner. In some cases, government investigations that have in the past been conducted under the civil provisions of federal law may now be conducted as
criminal investigations.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  Federal and state government agencies have increased their focus on and coordination of civil and
criminal enforcement efforts throughout the healthcare industry. The Health Reform Law allocates $350 million of additional federal funding through 2020 to fight healthcare fraud, waste and abuse. The OIG and the United States Department of
Justice ( DOJ ) have, from time to time, established national enforcement initiatives, focusing on specific providers, billing practices, or other suspected areas of abuse. Many current healthcare investigations are based on national
initiatives in which federal agencies target an entire segment of the healthcare industry. In addition to national enforcement initiatives, federal and state investigations have addressed to several issues associated with healthcare operations,
including: hospital charges and collection practices for uninsured and indigent patients; cost reporting and billing practices; hospitals with high Medicare outlier payments; recruitment arrangements with physicians; and financial arrangements with
referral sources. The federal government has indicated that it plans to expand its use of civil monetary penalties and Medicare program exclusions to focus on those in the healthcare industry who accept kickbacks or present false claims, in addition
to the federal government s continuing efforts to focus on the companies that offer or pay kickbacks.    Prior to our acquisition,
several of our hospitals were contacted in relation to certain government investigations targeted at an entire segment of the healthcare industry. Although we claim that, under the acquisition agreements, the prior owners of these hospitals retained
any liability resulting from these government investigations, we cannot assure you that the prior owners  resolution or failure to resolve these matters, if any resolution was deemed necessary, will not have a material adverse effect on our
operations.      Certificates of Need    
 In some states, the construction of new facilities, acquisition of existing facilities or addition of new beds or services might have to be
reviewed by state regulatory agencies under a certificate of need program. Certificate of need laws require state agency determination of public need and approval prior to the addition of beds or services or other capital expenditures. Failure to
obtain necessary state approval can cause the inability to expand facilities, add services and complete an acquisition or change ownership. Further, violation may cause the imposition of civil sanctions or the revocation of a facility s
license. We currently do not operate any of our hospital operations in any state that we believe has materially restrictive certificate of need laws.  
  Insurance Industry Regulations     The
federal and state governments in the United States continue to enact and seriously consider many broad-based legislative and regulatory proposals that could materially impact various aspects of our business.  
   The Health Reform Law      The Health
Reform Law mandates broad changes affecting insured and self-insured health benefit plans that impact our current business model, including our relationship with current and future customers, producers and healthcare providers, products, services,
processes and technology. Because individuals seeking to purchase health insurance coverage on the exchanges are guaranteed to be issued a policy, the Health Reform Law provides three programs designed to reduce the risk for participating health
insurance companies:      

a three-year (2014-2016) reinsurance program  for  non-grandfathered  individual business sold either on or off the public exchanges that began in 2014. This program is
designed to provide reimbursement for high cost individual customers and will be funded by the  per-customer  reinsurance fee assessed against insurers and self-insured group health plans;    

a three-year (2014-2016) risk corridor program  put in place to limit insurer gains and losses and protect against inaccurate rate setting at the outset of the new program; and    

a permanent risk adjustment program  that will transfer funds from lower risk to higher risk plans based on the relative health risk scores of plan participants.    
 We have implemented the provisions of the Health Reform Law that are currently in effect and we continue our implementation planning for those
provisions that take effect in the future. Management continues to closely monitor the implementation of the Health Reform Law, and intends to continue to closely monitor the potential impacts of any legislative efforts to significantly modify or
repeal the Health Reform Law following the 2016 federal elections, and is actively engaged with regulators and policymakers with respect to rule-making.  
   Health Choice Considerations    
 Health Choice is subject to state and federal laws and regulations, and CMS, AHCCCS and the state Medicaid agency in Utah may audit Health
Choice to determine the Plan s compliance with such standards. Health Choice must file periodic reports demonstrating satisfaction of certain financial viability standards with CMS, the Utah Department of Insurance, the National Association of
Insurance Commissioners ( NAIC ), the state Medicaid agency in Utah and AHCCCS. Health Choice must provide its enrollees with certain mandated benefits and must meet certain quality assurance and improvement requirements. Health Choice
must also comply with the electronic transactions regulations and privacy and security standards of HIPAA.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The federal anti-kickback statute prohibits the payment, solicitation, offering or receipt of any
form of remuneration in return for the referral of federal healthcare program patients or any item or service reimbursed, in whole or in part, by any federal healthcare program. Similar anti-kickback statutes have been adopted in Arizona and Utah,
which apply regardless of the source of reimbursement. The Department has adopted safe harbor regulations specifying the following relationships and activities deemed not to violate the federal anti-kickback statute that specifically relate to
managed care:      

waivers by HMOs of Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries  obligation to pay cost-sharing amounts or to provide other incentives to attract Medicare and Medicaid enrollees;    

certain discounts offered to prepaid health plans by contracting providers;        

certain price reductions offered to eligible managed care organizations; and        

certain price reductions offered by contractors with substantial financial risk to managed care organizations.    
 We believe the incentives offered by Health Choice to its Medicaid and Medicare enrollees and the discounts it receives from contracting
healthcare providers satisfy the safe harbor regulations. However, failure to satisfy each criterion of the safe harbor does not mean that the arrangement constitutes a violation of the law; rather the safe harbor regulations provide that the
arrangement must be analyzed on the basis of its facts and circumstances. We believe that Health Choice s arrangements comply materially with the federal anti-kickback statute and similar Arizona and Utah statutes.  
   Licensing      Our risk platform and
third-party payor subsidiaries must be licensed by the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. These subsidiaries are subject to numerous state, federal and international regulations related to their business operations, including, but not
limited to:      

the form and content of customer contracts including benefit mandates (including special requirements for small groups);        

premium rates and medical loss ratios;        

the content of agreements with participating providers of covered services;        

producer appointment and compensation;        

claims processing and appeals;        

underwriting practices;        

reinsurance arrangements;        

unfair trade and claim practices;        

protecting the privacy and confidentiality of the information received from customers;        

risk sharing arrangements with providers;        

reimbursement or payment levels for Medicare services;        

advertising; and        

the operation of consumer-directed plans (including health savings accounts, health reimbursement accounts, flexible spending accounts and debit cards).    
 Our operations, accounts and other books and records are subject to examination at regular intervals by regulatory agencies, including state
insurance and health and welfare departments, state boards of pharmacy and CMS to assess compliance with applicable laws and regulations.      Solvency
and Capital Requirements      Many states have adopted some form of the NAIC model solvency-related laws and risk-based capital rules
( RBC rules ) for life and health insurance companies. The RBC rules recommend a minimum level of capital depending on the types and quality of investments held, the types of business written and the types of liabilities incurred. If the
ratio of the insurer s adjusted surplus to its risk-based capital falls below statutory required minimums, the insurer could be subject to regulatory actions ranging from increased scrutiny to conservatorship.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Marketing, Advertising and Products    
 In most states, our HMO subsidiaries are required to certify compliance with applicable advertising regulations on an annual basis. Our HMO
subsidiaries are also required in most states to file and secure regulatory approval of products prior to the marketing, advertising, and sale of such products.  
   Medicare and Medicaid Regulations    
 Several of our subsidiaries engage in businesses that are subject to federal (and state) Medicare and Medicaid regulations.  
 Our right to obtain payment (and the determination of the amount of such payments), enroll and retain members and expand into new service
areas is subject to compliance with CMS  and state Medicaid administrators  numerous and complex regulations and requirements that are frequently modified and subject to administrative discretion. The marketing and sales activities
(including those of third-party brokers and agents) are also heavily regulated by CMS and other governmental agencies, including applicable state departments of insurance. We expect to continue to allocate significant resources to our compliance,
ethics and fraud, waste and abuse monitoring programs to comply with the laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs.      Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Regulations      HIPAA imposes requirements on health insurers, HMOs, health plans,
healthcare providers and clearinghouses. Health insurers and HMOs are further subject to regulations related to guaranteed issuance (for groups with 50 or fewer lives), guaranteed renewal, and portability of health insurance.  
 HIPAA also imposes minimum standards for the privacy and security of PHI. HIPAA s privacy and security requirements were expanded by the
Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ( HITECH ), which enhanced penalties for HIPAA violations and requires regulated entities to provide notification to various parties in the event of a breach of unsecured
PHI. Regulations pursuant to HITECH continue to be promulgated and are monitored and implemented as they are finalized.      Holding Company Laws
     Our managed care entities are subject to state laws regulating subsidiaries of insurance holding companies. Under such laws,
certain dividends, distributions and other transactions between a managed care subsidiary and its affiliates may require notification to, or approval by, one or more state insurance commissioners.  
  Environmental Matters     We are subject to
various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the protection of human health and the environment. The principal environmental requirements applicable to our operations relate to:  

the proper handling and disposal of solid waste, medical and pharmaceutical waste, hazardous waste, universal waste and  low-level  radioactive medical waste;    

the proper use, storage and handling of mercury, radioactive materials and other hazardous materials;        

registration and licensing of radiological equipment;        

underground and above-ground storage tanks;        

management of hydraulic fluid or oil associated with elevators, chiller units or other equipment;        

management of asbestos-containing materials or lead-based paint present or likely to be present at some locations;        

air emission permits and standards for boilers or other equipment; and        

wastewater discharge permits or requirements.      We do not expect our obligations under these or
other applicable environmental laws and requirements to have a material effect on us. In our operations, we also may identify other conditions at our facilities, such as water intrusion or the presence of mold or fungus, which warrant action, and we
can incur additional costs to address those conditions. Under various environmental laws, we  
      32  

Table of Contents  

also may be required to investigate, clean up or contribute to the cost of cleaning up substances or wastes that have been released into the environment either at properties owned or operated by
us or our predecessors or at other properties to which substances or wastes from our operations were sent for  off-site  treatment or disposal. These obligations may be imposed without regard to fault, and
liability for environmental remediation can be substantial. While we cannot predict whether or to what extent we might be held responsible for such cleanup costs in the future, as of the date of this Report, we have not identified any environmental
cleanup costs or liabilities that would be expected to have a material effect on us.     Professional and General Liability Insurance   
 As is typical in the healthcare industry, we are subject to claims and legal actions by patients in the ordinary course of business. To cover
these claims, we maintain professional malpractice liability insurance and general liability insurance in amounts we believe to be sufficient for our operations, including our employed physicians, although some claims may exceed the coverage in
effect. We also maintain umbrella coverage.    For our fiscal year 2016, our self-insured retention for professional and general liability
coverage remains unchanged at $7.0 million for the first claim and $5.0 million for each additional claim, with an excess aggregate limit of $55.0 million, and maximum coverage under our insurance policies of $75.0 million. Our
self-insurance reserves for estimated claims incurred but not yet reported is based upon estimates determined by third-party actuaries. Funding for the self-insured retention of such claims is derived from operating cash flows. We cannot assure you
this insurance will continue to be available at reasonable prices that will allow us to maintain adequate levels of coverage. We also cannot assure you that our cash flow will be adequate to provide for professional and general liability claims.
    Our Information Systems     We use a
common information systems platform across all of our hospitals. In October 2015, we entered into an agreement with Cerner Corporation to implement an integrated EHR and revenue cycle system across our acute care operations. We expect to make
significant investments in this new system through our 2019 fiscal year, as it is implemented across our operations. We currently use McKesson s clinical, patient accounting, laboratory, radiology and decision support software and Lawson s
financial application and enterprise resource planning software. We use other vendors for specialized information systems needs for our decision support, emergency and radiology departments.  
 Our information systems are essential to the following areas of our business operations, among others:  

patient accounting, including billing and collection of net patient revenue;        

financial, accounting, reporting and payroll;        

coding and compliance;        

laboratory, radiology and pharmacy systems;        

EHRs;        

materials and asset management;        

negotiating, pricing and administering our managed care contracts; and        

monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures for full Medicare payment updates.    
 Utilizing a common information systems platform across all our hospitals allows us to:  

enhance patient safety, automate medication administration and increase staff time available for direct patient care;        

optimize staffing levels according to patient volumes, acuity and seasonal needs at each facility;        

perform product line analyses;        

continue to meet or exceed quality of care indicators;        

monitor registration, billing, collections, managed care contract compliance and all other aspects of our revenue cycle;        

control supply costs by complying with our group purchasing organization contract; and        

monitor financial results.    
      33  

Table of Contents  

  The cost of maintaining our information systems has increased significantly in recent years,
partially due to the impact of implementing and demonstrating meaningful use of certified EHR technology. Information systems maintenance expense was $15.5 million, $12.2 million and $15.9 million for the years ended September 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    HITECH included approximately $26.0 billion in funding for various healthcare information
technology ( IT ) initiatives, including Medicare and Medicaid incentives for eligible hospitals and professionals to adopt and meaningfully use certified EHR technology ( EHR Incentive Programs ). Eligible providers that fail to
demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology are subject to reduced payments from Medicare, beginning in 2015. Implementation of the EHR Incentive Programs has been divided into three stages with increasing requirements for participation.
Stage 1 required providers to meet meaningful use objectives specified by CMS, which included electronically capturing health information in structured format, tracking key clinical conditions for coordination of care purposes, implementing clinical
decision support tools to facilitate disease and medication management, using EHRs to engage patients and families, and reporting clinical quality measures and public health information. Our hospitals, and several physician clinics, substantially
met the Stage 1 requirements in fiscal year 2012. Stage 2 introduced several new meaningful use measures, and imposed stricter requirements on certain existing Stage 1 measures. As of the date of this Report, all of our hospitals have met the Stage
2 meaningful use criteria. On October 16, 2015, CMS established new standards for continued participation in the EHR Incentive Programs for 2015 through 2017, replacing the then-current criteria with  Modified Stage 2  criteria. CMS
also specified the Stage 3 criteria for continued participation in the EHR Incentive Programs. The Stage 3 criteria will be optional in 2017 and mandatory in 2018. Though we expect to continue to incur certain
 non-productive  and other operating costs, and additional investments in hardware and software, we believe our historical investments in advanced clinical and other information systems, and quality of care
programs, provides a solid platform to build upon for timely compliance with the healthcare IT initiatives and requirements of HITECH. During the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized income from the EHR Incentive
Programs totaling $2.2 million, $6.9 million and $14.4 million, respectively.    Our Health Choice managed care risk platform
relies on certain information systems and applications for its for   day-to-day   business functions. We use such systems to optimize coordination of plan member care,
adjudication of claims and provider reimbursement, utilization and disease management, among other things. Additionally, our call centers rely on specialized telephone systems to receive, route and monitor calls and to provide our service
representatives access to the information they need to serve our members and providers. Our infrastructure and capabilities enable our MSO to provide care management, population health and administrative services in existing and new geographic
markets. In some scenarios depending upon client need, we may rely on the interface of our Heath Choice systems with the information systems of our MSO clients. We believe our capacity to interface our operations and systems with our clients 
information systems in an effective manner differentiates us from many of our MSO competitors.     Employees and Medical Staff   
 As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately 13,700 employees, including 3,000 part-time employees. We consider our employee relations
to be good. We recruit and retain nurses and medical support personnel by creating a desirable, professional work environment, providing competitive wages, benefits and long-term incentives, and providing career development and other training
programs. To supplement our current employee base, we have expanded our relationship with local colleges and universities, including our sponsorship of nursing scholarship programs, in our markets.  
 Our hospitals are staffed by licensed physicians admitted to the medical staff of our individual hospitals. Any licensed physician may apply
to be admitted to the medical staff of any of our hospitals, but admission to the staff must be approved by each hospital s medical staff and the governing board of the hospital under established credentialing criteria. To meet community needs
in certain markets in which we operate, we have implemented a strategy of employing physicians, with an emphasis on those practicing within primary care and other certain specialties. While this strategy follows industry trends, we cannot be assured
of the long-term success of such a strategy, which includes related integration of physician practice management.    Our Health Choice
operations are staffed by more than 1,000 managed care professionals, with integrated operations in three locations. These professionals include various medical specialists that oversee the proper adjudication and administration of health services,
such as medical directors, pharmacists, dental consultants, care coordinators and care navigators. Additionally, to provide optimal patient care, we employ administrative personnel such as claims examiners, claims adjudicators and database
engineers.     Compliance Program     Our
compliance program is designed to ensure that we maintain high standards of conduct in the operation of our business and implement policies and procedures so employees act in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and Company policies. We
believe that the organizational structure of our compliance satisfies the seven elements of an effective compliance program published by the OIG. Our compliance program includes a compliance committee of our Board of Directors, a corporate
management  
      34  

Table of Contents  

compliance committee and local management compliance committees at each of our hospitals. These committees have the oversight responsibility for the effective development and implementation of
our program. Our Vice President of Ethics and Business Practices, who reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer and to the compliance committee of our Board of Directors, serves as Chief Compliance Officer and is charged with direct
responsibility for the development and implementation of our compliance program. Other features of our compliance program include the designation of a Regional Compliance Officer for each of our hospitals, periodic ethics and compliance training and
effectiveness reviews, and the development and implementation of policies and procedures, including a mechanism for employees to report, without fear of retaliation, any suspected legal or ethical violations.  
  Available Information     We file periodic
and current reports and other information with the SEC. All filings made by IASIS with the SEC may be copied and read at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. Information on the operation of the Public
Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at    1-800-SEC-0330.    The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, as IASIS does. The website address of the SEC is http://www.sec.gov.  
 Additionally, a copy of our Annual Reports on Form  10-K,  Quarterly Reports on Form  10-Q,  Current Reports on Form  8-K  and any amendments to the aforementioned filings, are available on our website, www.iasishealthcare.com, free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such reports or amendments with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The filings can be found in the SEC filings section of our website. Reference to our website does not constitute incorporation by reference of the
information contained on the website and should not be considered part of this Report. All of the aforementioned materials may also be obtained free of charge by contacting us at our principal offices located at 117 Seaboard Lane, Building E,
Franklin, TN 37067 or by calling  (615) 844-2747.         Item 1A.  
Risk Factors .      You should carefully consider the following risks and the other information included in this Report, including
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our financial statements and Notes. We have presented the below risks as  Risks related to our acute care operations and company
generally,   Risks related to our managed care operations,  and  Risks related to our capital structure.  Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations,
and the factors that we identify as risks to a particular segment of our business could materially affect another segment of our business or our Company generally. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.   
  Risks Related to Our Acute Care Operations and Company Generally   
   Changes in governmental healthcare programs may reduce our revenues.    
 Governmental healthcare programs, principally Medicare and Medicaid, including managed Medicare and managed Medicaid, accounted for 41.0%,
42.2% and 44.0% of our hospitals  net patient revenue before the provision for bad debts for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. However, in recent years legislative and regulatory changes have limited, and
sometimes reduced, the levels of payments that our hospitals receive for various services under Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. The BCA and later legislation require automatic spending reductions of $1.2 trillion for
federal fiscal years 2013 through 2025, minus any deficit reductions enacted by Congress and debt service costs. However, the percentage reduction for Medicare may not be more than 2% for a fiscal year, with a uniform percentage reduction across all
Medicare programs. These automatic spending reductions are commonly referred to as  sequestration.  Sequestration began in 2013, with CMS imposing a 2% reduction on Medicare claims. We cannot predict what other deficit reduction
initiatives may be proposed by the President or the Congress or whether the President and the Congress will restructure or suspend sequestration or enact greater spending reductions.  
 The Health Reform Law also provides for material reductions in the growth of Medicare program spending, including reductions in Medicare
market basket updates and Medicare DSH funding. Further, from time to time, CMS revises the reimbursement systems used to reimburse healthcare providers and the requirements for coverage of services, including changes to the  MS-DRG  system and national and local coverage decisions, which may result in reduced Medicare payments. Sometimes, commercial third-party payors and other payors, such as some state Medicaid programs, rely on all or
portions of the Medicare  MS-DRG  system to determine payment rates, and therefore, adjustments that negatively affect Medicare payments also may negatively affect payments from Medicaid programs or commercial
third-party payors and other payors.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, from time to time, state legislatures consider measures to reform healthcare
programs and coverage within their respective states. Because of economic conditions and other factors, several states are experiencing budget problems and have adopted or are considering legislation designed to reduce their Medicaid expenditures,
including enrolling Medicaid recipients in managed care programs, reducing the number of Medicaid beneficiaries by implementing more stringent eligibility requirements and imposing additional taxes or assessments on hospitals to help finance or
expand states  Medicaid systems. The states in which we operate have decreased funding for healthcare programs or made other structural changes resulting in a reduction in Medicaid hospital rates in recent years. Additional Medicaid spending
cuts may be implemented in the states in which we operate, including reductions in supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs.  
 Beginning in 2014, the Health Reform Law provided for significant expansion of the Medicaid program, but the Department may not penalize
states that do not implement the Medicaid expansion provisions by withholding existing federal Medicaid funding. As a result, a number of states have opted not to implement the expansion, including Texas. Our Texas hospitals participate in private
supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs that are structured to expand the community safety net by providing indigent healthcare services and result in additional revenues for participating hospitals. Although CMS approved the Medicaid waiver
that allows Texas to continue receiving supplemental Medicaid reimbursement while expanding its managed Medicaid program, this waiver expires December 31, 2017. We cannot predict whether the Texas private supplemental Medicaid reimbursement
programs will continue or guarantee that revenues recognized from the programs will not decrease. We also cannot predict the impact of the 2016 federal elections on Medicaid expansion or other aspects of the Health Reform Law.  
 We believe that hospital operating margins across the country, including ours, have been and may continue to be under pressure because of
limited pricing flexibility and growth in operating expenses in excess of the increase in payments under Medicare and other governmental programs. Current or future healthcare reform efforts, changes to or repeal of the Health Reform Law, additional
changes in laws or regulations regarding government health programs, changes to structure and reimbursement rates of governmental health programs or other changes in the administration of government health programs could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position and results of operations.      We cannot predict with certainty the long-term impact of the Health Reform Law, which
represents a significant change to the healthcare industry.      The Health Reform Law represents a significant change across the
healthcare industry. As currently structured, the Health Reform Law has decreased the number of uninsured individuals by expanding coverage to additional individuals through public program expansion and private sector health insurance reforms. The
Health Reform Law expands eligibility under existing Medicaid programs and subsidizes states that create  non-Medicaid  plans for certain residents that do not qualify for Medicaid. States have opted, and may
continue to opt, not to implement the expansion. Several state governors and legislatures, including Texas, have chosen not to participate in the expanded Medicaid program; however, these states could implement the expansion at a later date.
Further, the Health Reform Law requires states to establish or participate in Exchanges or default to a federally-operated Exchange to facilitate the purchase of health insurance by individuals and small businesses. Through the  individual
mandate,  the Health Reform Law imposes financial penalties on individuals who fail to carry insurance coverage. In addition, the employer mandate requires companies with 50 or more employees to provide health insurance or pay fines. The Health
Reform Law also establishes a number of health insurance market reforms, including a ban on lifetime limits and  pre-existing  condition exclusions, new benefit mandates, and increased dependent coverage.  
 Although the expansion of health insurance coverage has positively impacted our revenues from providing care to certain previously uninsured
individuals, we believe that the Health Reform Law could adversely affect our business and results of operations due to provisions of the Health Reform Law that are intended to reduce Medicare and Medicaid healthcare costs. Among other things, in
order to fund the expansion of coverage to the uninsured population, the Health Reform Law reduces market basket updates, reduces Medicare and Medicaid DSH funding, and expands efforts to tie payments to quality and clinical integration. Any
decrease in payment rates or an increase in rates that is below our increase in costs may adversely affect our results of operations. The Health Reform Law also provides additional resources to combat fraud, waste, and abuse, including expansion of
the RAC program to identify and recoup improper Medicare payments. Further, the Health Reform Law required the states to establish state Medicaid RAC programs. These initiatives may result in increased costs for us to appeal or refund any alleged
overpayments.    The Health Reform Law contains additional provisions intended to promote value-based purchasing. The Department has
established a value-based purchasing system for hospitals that provides incentive payments to hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards, and such system is funded through decreases in the inpatient prospective payment
system market basket updates to all hospitals. Further, hospitals with excess readmissions for conditions designated by the Department receive  
      36  

Table of Contents  

reduced payments for all inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excess readmissions standard. The Health Reform Law also prohibits the use of federal
funds under the Medicaid program to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat HACs and other provider-preventable conditions. In addition, as of federal fiscal year 2016, hospitals that fall into the worst 25% of national
risk-adjusted HAC rates for all hospitals in the previous year receive a 1% reduction in their total Medicare payments.    The Health Reform
Law has changed how healthcare services are covered, delivered, and reimbursed. However, many variables continue to impact the effect of the Health Reform Law, including the law s complexity, possible amendment or repeal of the law, court
challenges to the law, the possibility of further technical issues with operating the federal and state Exchanges, uncertainty regarding continued participation of a sufficient number of health insurers offering individual coverage through the
Exchanges, uncertainty regarding the success of Exchanges enrolling uninsured individuals, possible reductions in funding by Congress and future reductions in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, and uncertainty as to the extent to which states will
choose to participate in the expanded Medicaid program. Moreover, the outcome of the 2016 federal elections is expected to increase the likelihood of repeal or significant changes to the Health Reform Law. Because of these many variables, we are
unable to predict with certainty the net effect on our operations of the expected increases in insured individuals using our facilities, the reductions in government healthcare spending, and numerous other provisions in the Health Reform Law that
may affect us.      Our business may be adversely impacted if the Health Reform Law is repealed in its entirety or if provisions beneficial to our acute
care operations business or our managed care operations business are repealed or significantly modified as a result of the 2016 federal elections.    
 The Health Reform Law remains subject to efforts to repeal or modify the law. The 2016 federal elections, which resulted in the election
of the Republican presidential nominee and Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, is likely to prompt renewed legislative efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Reform Law, is likely to impact how the executive branch
implements the law, and may impact how the federal government responds to lawsuits challenging the Health Reform Law. In this regard, the President-elect has signaled his intent to significantly change healthcare laws, including significantly
modifying or repealing the Health Reform Law. While we are unable to predict the full impact of any modification of the Health Reform Law or its implementation on our acute care operations business and/or managed care operations business in light of
the uncertainty regarding what legislative or other actions may be taken, if the Health Reform Law is repealed or significantly modified, such repeal or modification may have a materially adverse impact our business, strategies, prospects, operating
results or financial condition.      If we experience a shift in payor mix from commercial managed care payors to
 self-pay  and Medicaid, our revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected.    
 Reimbursement from  self-pay  and Medicaid programs is generally lower than traditional commercial
managed care products. In the several years prior to fiscal 2014, we experienced a shift in our patient volumes and revenue from commercial and managed care payors to  self-pay  and Medicaid, including managed
Medicaid. This shift resulted in pressure on pricing and operating margins from expending the same resources to provide patient care, but for less reimbursement. This shift also reflected elevated unemployment levels and the resulting increases in
states  Medicaid rolls and the uninsured population. In addition, certain states have implemented measures to reduce enrollment in Medicaid, which have increased the number of uninsured patients seeking care at our hospitals. More recently, we
have seen a reduction in the levels of our  self-pay  payor mix, which reflects improvement in the U.S. economy and decline in unemployment rate, and adoption of Medicaid expansion under the Health Reform Law in
certain of our markets, including Arizona and Louisiana. However, we can provide no assurance that our payor mix will continue to improve, especially in light of potential efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Reform Law following the
2016 federal election. Increased enrollment in Exchange plans or Medicaid plans may cause lower reimbursement rates relative to traditional employer-sponsored health insurance plans for the healthcare services provided by our hospitals and employed
physicians. Further, Exchange-insured persons may pay higher deductibles, which may cause them to delay their medical treatment. Certain Exchange plans may also include limits on an enrollee s overall benefit coverage as well as higher
deductibles and other   out-of-pocket   costs that are the responsibility of such Exchange insured-persons, which, if unpaid, would result in higher levels of bad debt.  
 Utilization behavior of the insured population has changed because of the increasing prevalence of higher deductible and  co-insurance  plans implemented by employers, which has resulted in the deferral of elective and  non-emergent  procedures by individuals with high
 co-payments.  We may be adversely affected by the growth in patient responsibility accounts because of increased adoption of plan structures, including health savings accounts, which shift greater
responsibility for care to individuals through greater exclusions and higher  co-payment  and deductible amounts. Patient responsibility accounts may continue to increase even with expanded health plan coverage
because of increases in plan exclusions and  co-payment  and deductible amounts. If we experience certain shifts in our patient volumes, our revenue and results of operations may be adversely affected.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

    If government-sponsored reimbursement and supplemental payment programs withhold payments due to our
hospitals for services rendered, our cash flows, revenues and profitability of our operations could be adversely affected.      Our
Texas hospitals participate in private supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs structured to expand the community safety net by providing indigent healthcare services and result in additional revenues for participating hospitals. Although CMS
approved an extension of the Medicaid waiver through December 31, 2017 allowing Texas to continue receiving supplemental Medicaid reimbursement while expanding its managed Medicaid program, we cannot predict whether the Texas private supplemental
Medicaid reimbursement programs will continue or guarantee that revenues recognized from the programs will not decrease, which may negatively affect our cash flows and profitability.  
   If we are unable to retain and negotiate reasonable contracts with managed care plans or if insured patients switch from traditional commercial
insurance plans to Exchange plans, then our net revenue may be reduced.      Our ability to obtain reasonable contracts with HMOs, PPOs
and other managed care plans significantly affects the revenue and operating results of our hospitals. Net patient revenue, before the provision for bad debts, derived from HMOs, PPOs and other managed care plans accounted for 43.8%, 42.7% and 40.9%
of our hospitals  net patient revenue for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our hospitals have more than 250 managed care contracts with no one payor contract representing more than 10.0% of our net patient
revenue. Typically, we negotiate our managed care contracts annually as they come up for renewal at various times during the year. Further, many are terminable by either party on relatively short notice. Our future success will depend, in part, on
our ability to retain and renew our managed care contracts and enter into new managed care contracts on terms favorable to us. Other healthcare providers, including some with larger and more integrated health systems, provider networks, greater
geographic coverage or a wider range of services, may affect our ability to enter into managed care contracts or negotiate increases in our reimbursement and other favorable terms and conditions. Some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity
provisions with managed care plans or otherwise restrict the ability of managed care companies to contract with us. In one region in which we operate, the largest healthcare provider organization controls one of the largest payor organizations and
operates it primarily as a closed network. The patients enrolled in this integrated health system are largely unavailable to us.    Also,
some employed individuals may move from commercial insurance coverage with higher reimbursement rates for our services and lower  co-pays  and deductibles for the insured employee to Exchange insurance plans
that may provide lower reimbursement for our services, higher  co-pays  and deductibles for the insured employee or even exclusion of our hospitals and employed-physicians from coverage under certain Exchange
plans. If we cannot retain and negotiate favorable contracts with managed care plans or experience reductions in payment increases or amounts received from  non-governmental  payors or a shift in business from
commercial insurance payors to Exchange plans, then our revenues may be reduced.      Consolidation among managed care organizations may reduce our
ability to negotiate favorable contracts with such payors.      In recent years, the managed care segment of the healthcare industry
has become more concentrated, as health insurers become less numerous and grow larger in size, due to an increasing number of mergers, acquisitions and other business consolidations. For instance, in 2015, two national-scale managed care mergers
were announced: Anthem s acquisition of Cigna and Aetna s acquisition of Humana. Each of these announced transactions has been the subject of anti-trust regulatory review, and neither transaction has yet been consummated. The hospital
segment of the healthcare industry is less concentrated and more fragmented than the managed care segment. However, local hospitals and hospital systems without significant bargaining power often face difficult contract negotiations with HMOs and
other third party payors and therefore are incented to consolidate. Continued consolidation among managed care organizations with respect to bargaining power may reduce our hospitals  rates and contract terms.  
   If we experience growth in volume and revenue related to uncompensated care, our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely
affected.      Like others in the hospital industry, from time to time we have experienced high levels of uncompensated care, including
charity care and bad debts. These levels are driven by the number of uninsured and under-insured patients seeking care at our hospitals, the acuity levels at which these patients present for treatment, primarily resulting from economic pressures and
their related decisions to defer care, increasing healthcare costs and other factors beyond our control, such as increases for  co-payments  and deductibles as employers continue to pass more of these costs on
to their employees. In addition, in periods of high unemployment, we believe that our hospitals may continue to experience high levels of or possibly growth in bad debts and charity care.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  Over time, the Health Reform Law, as currently structured, is expected to continue to decrease
the number of uninsured individuals through expanding Medicaid and incentivizing employers to offer, and requiring individuals to carry, health insurance or be subject to penalties. However, several state governors and legislatures, including Texas,
have chosen not to participate in the expanded Medicaid program, the results of which have adversely affected our operations in those markets compared to states that have elected to expand their Medicaid programs. Further, the outcome of the 2016
federal elections increase the likelihood of legislative action being taken to repeal or significantly modify the Health Reform Law.    It
is difficult to predict with certainty the full impact of the Health Reform Law due to the law s complexity, continued delays or exceptions to employer mandates, possible amendments to or repeal of the law, court challenges to the law,
uncertainty regarding the stability of the Exchanges and their long-term success enrolling uninsured individuals, possible reductions in funding by Congress, future reductions in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement and uncertainty surrounding state
participation in the law s expanded Medicaid program. We may continue to provide charity care to the uninsured, including those who choose not to comply with the insurance requirements currently in effect and undocumented aliens not permitted
to enroll in an Exchange or government healthcare program.    Although we continue to seek ways of improving point of service collection
efforts and implementing payment plans with our patients, if we experience growth in  self-pay  volume and revenue, including increased acuity levels for uninsured patients and continued increases in  co-payments  and deductibles for insured patients, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, our ability to improve collections from  self-pay  patients may
be limited by regulatory and investigatory initiatives, including private lawsuits directed at hospital charges and collection practices for uninsured and underinsured patients.  
   Industry trends towards value-based purchasing, care coordination and  narrow networks  of healthcare providers may present our Company with
operational, financial and competitive challenges.      There is a trend in the healthcare industry towards value-based purchasing of
healthcare services. These value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. Governmental programs, including Medicare and
Medicaid, require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. In addition, Medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events (called  never events ). Many large
commercial payors require hospitals to report quality data, and several commercial payors do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events. The Health Reform Law, as currently structured, contains several provisions intended to
promote value-based purchasing under Medicare and Medicaid. We expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of
reimbursement amounts. While we believe we are adapting our business strategies to compete in a value-based reimbursement environment, we cannot predict how this trend will affect our results of operations, and it could negatively affect our
revenues.    Integrated ACOs and other kinds of  narrow  provider networks or organizations may exclude our hospitals,
employed-physicians and other affiliated providers from their plans  networks of healthcare providers. These contracting networks often organize hospitals, physicians and ancillary healthcare providers into narrow networks involving a smaller
number of healthcare providers than does a network that allows all providers to participate, a  so-called   open panel  network of providers, in exchange for which the  narrow network  may,
if appropriately structured, achieve lower cost and/or higher quality in a way that benefits patients, employers, providers and payors. For instance, in some of the regions in which our hospitals operate, we face competition from large,   not-for-profit   healthcare systems with vertically integrated healthcare providers including health plans, physician groups and facilities, which affect our ability to obtain
managed care contracts with their affiliated health insurance plans. Similarly, ACOs commonly require physicians and other providers to participate exclusively in their organization. If our affiliated providers are excluded from such networks, or we
are unable to recruit sufficient providers to our own networks, our business will face competitive disadvantages.      If controls imposed by Medicare,
Medicaid and other third-party payors to reduce admissions and length of stay affect our inpatient volumes, our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.    
 Controls imposed by Medicare, Medicaid and commercial third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred
to as  utilization reviews,  have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. Utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by managed care plans. Inpatient utilization,
average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payor-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payor pressures to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less
acutely ill patients. Efforts to impose more stringent cost controls and reductions are expected to continue. For example, the Health Reform Law potentially expands the use of prepayment review by MACs by eliminating statutory restrictions on their
use.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

  There has been increased scrutiny of a hospital s  Medicare Observation Rate  from
government enforcement agencies and industry observers. A low rate may raise suspicions that a hospital is inappropriately admitting patients that could be cared for in an observation setting. The industry may be subject to increased scrutiny and
litigation risk, including government investigations and qui tam suits, related to inpatient admission decisions and the Medicare Observation Rate. The CMS policy known as the  two midnight rule  provides guidance for practitioners
admitting patients and contractors conducting payment reviews on when it is appropriate to admit individuals as hospital inpatients. Under the two midnight rule, services provided to Medicare beneficiaries are only payable as inpatient hospital
services when there is a reasonable expectation that the hospital care is medically necessary and will be required across two midnights, absent unusual circumstances.  
   If we are unable to attract and retain quality medical professionals, our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
     The success of our hospitals depends on the following factors, among others:  

the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals;        

the competency of those physicians and our facilities to meet their communities  needs for healthcare services in a convenient, high quality and high value manner;    

the referral patterns of those physicians; and        

maintaining good relations with those physicians.      Our efforts to attract and retain
physicians are affected by our managed care contracting relationships, national shortages in some specialties, the adequacy of our support personnel, the condition of our facilities and medical equipment, the availability of suitable medical office
space and federal and state laws and regulations prohibiting financial relationships that may have the effect of inducing patient referrals.  
 To meet varying community needs for healthcare services in certain markets in which we operate, and to better coordinate patient care, we have
implemented a strategy to employ physicians, which has expanded our employed physician base. The execution of a physician employment strategy includes an increased cost at our Company for salaries, wages and benefits; increases in malpractice
insurance coverage costs; increased rent expense; risks of unsuccessful physician integration and difficulties associated with physician practice management. While we believe this strategy follows industry trends, we cannot be assured of the
long-term success of our physician employment strategy.    We also compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining
qualified management and staff to run the   day-to-day   operations of our hospitals, including administrators, nurses, technicians and
 non-physician  healthcare professionals. It is more difficult to recruit physicians and nurses to some of our markets, compared to other of our markets or other competing markets, depending on the community
need, area of practice and the recruited physician s or nurse s personal considerations. Our failure to recruit and retain such management personnel and skilled professionals could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations.      Our hospitals face competition for staffing, especially because of the shortage of nurses, which has in the past and may in the future
increase our labor costs and materially reduce our profitability.      We compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and
retaining qualified management and staff personnel responsible for the   day-to-day   operations of each of our hospitals, physician practices and our managed care
operations, including most significantly nurses and other  non-physician  healthcare professionals. While the national nursing shortage has abated somewhat, certain portions of our markets have limited nursing
resources. In the healthcare industry, including in our markets, the shortage of nurses and other medical support personnel is a significant operating issue. This shortage has caused us in the past and may require us in the future to increase wages
and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or to hire more expensive temporary personnel. Frequently in the past, we have voluntarily raised, and expect to continue to raise, wages for our nurses and other medical
support personnel.    If our labor costs continue to increase, we may not be able to achieve higher payor reimbursement levels or reduce
other operating expenses in a manner sufficient to offset these increased labor costs. Because substantially all of our net patient revenues are based on reimbursement rates fixed or negotiated no less frequently than annually, our ability to pass
along periodic increased labor costs is materially constrained. Our failure to recruit and retain qualified management, nurses and other medical support personnel, or to control our labor costs, could have a material adverse effect on our
profitability.      Our hospitals face competition from other hospitals and healthcare providers that could negatively affect patient volume.
     The hospital industry is highly competitive. Our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals in our markets,
large vertically integrated providers, large tertiary care centers and outpatient service providers that provide similar services to those provided by our hospitals. Other than our small  15-bed  critical access
hospital in Woodland Park, Colorado, none of our other hospitals are sole community providers, and all are in geographic areas in which at least one other hospital provides services  
      40  

Table of Contents  

comparable to those offered by our hospitals. Some of the hospitals that compete with ours are owned by governmental agencies or
  not-for-profit   corporations supported by endowments and charitable contributions and can finance capital expenditures and operations on a
 tax-exempt  basis. In addition, the number of freestanding specialty hospitals, outpatient surgery centers, emergency departments, urgent care centers and outpatient diagnostic centers has increased
significantly in the areas in which we operate. We also face competition from competitors implementing physician alignment strategies, such as employing physicians, acquiring physician practice groups and participating in ACOs or other clinical
integration models. Some of our competitors also have greater geographic coverage, offer a wider range of services or invest more capital or other resources than we do. In addition, competitors that operate
 non-hospital  facilities or hospitals not owned by physicians are not subject to the same federal restrictions on expansion as our physician-owned hospitals. If our competitors can achieve greater geographic
coverage, improve access and convenience to physicians and patients, recruit physicians to provide competing services at their facilities, expand or improve their services or obtain more favorable managed care contracts, we may experience a decline
in patient volume.    CMS publicizes performance data relating to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys that hospitals
are required to submit to CMS. Federal law provides for the expansion of the number of quality measures that we are required to make publicly available. Further, hospitals must annually establish, update and make public a list of their standard
charges for items and services or their policies for allowing the public to view a list of such charges in response to an inquiry. If any of our hospitals should achieve poor results (or results that are lower than our competitors) on these quality
criteria, or if our standard charges are higher than those published by our competitors, our patient volumes could decline. The required reporting of additional quality measures and other trends toward clinical transparency and value-based
purchasing of healthcare services may have an adverse impact on our competitive position and patient volume.      A health pandemic could negatively
affect our business.      If a pandemic, or other widespread health crisis were to occur in our markets, our business could be
adversely affected. Such a crisis could diminish the public trust in healthcare facilities, especially hospitals treating (or that have treated) patients affected by the pandemic. If any of our facilities treat patients from such a health crisis,
others might cancel elective procedures or fail to seek needed care at our facilities. Further, a health pandemic might adversely affect our business by disrupting or delaying production and delivery of materials and products in the supply chain or
by causing staffing shortages in our facilities. Although we have infection control and disaster plans in place, and we manage our hospital facilities pursuant to infectious disease protocols, the impact of a pandemic on our business could be
materially adverse.      A failure of our information systems, or increased costs associated with upgrading and operating such systems, could adversely
affect our ability to properly manage our operations.      We rely on our advanced information systems and our ability to successfully
use these systems in our operations. These systems are essential to the following areas of our business operations, among others:      

patient accounting, including billing and collection of net patient revenue;        

financial, accounting, reporting and payroll;        

coding and compliance;        

laboratory, radiology and pharmacy systems;        

EHRs;        

materials and asset management;        

negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts; and        

monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures for full Medicare payment updates.    
 If we fail to operate these systems effectively, we may experience delays in collection of net patient revenue and may not properly manage our
operations or oversee compliance with laws or regulations. In the event of a failure to our EHRs and other systems affecting patient care, our ability to treat patients may be negatively impacted. Moreover, if we fail to continue to demonstrate
meaningful use of certified EHR technology, we will be subject to reduced payments from Medicare (in addition to any on-going statutory reductions). Furthermore, because the information technology landscape changes frequently, our systems require
upgrades and replacement as new technologies are introduced, old technologies are no longer supported and physician and patient needs evolve requiring greater emphasis on integration of clinical, revenue and patient accounting systems. In this
context, we may face significant financial costs, cash flow disruptions and operational difficulties as we from time to time change our information technology platforms, as well as operational difficulties in installing such new technology into our
hospitals and operating it effectively. Such difficulties could affect our ability to properly manage our operations and adversely affect our cash flows.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

    Our inability to effectively replace information technology systems used by our hospitals, or the costs and
operational risks associated with such replacements and upgrades, could adversely affect our operations and financial results.    
 Healthcare information technology continues to evolve at a rapid pace. In order to remain competitive and to provide high quality clinical
care, our Company invests heavily in numerous information technology systems used by our hospitals and other lines of business. These information technology systems relate to clinical care, quality review, communications among providers, the storage
of health records, billing and collections and many other business functions.    In October 2015, we entered into an agreement with Cerner
Corporation ( Cerner ) to implement an integrated EHR and revenue cycle system across our acute care operations. We have made significant investments in this system, and expect to continue to make significant investments in this system
through our 2019 fiscal year, as it is implemented across our operations.    We will continue to incur substantial costs to transition from
our existing McKesson clinical information technology platform to Cerner s, as well as with respect to the installation of Cerner s revenue cycle management products. In addition to these costs, the technology transition and upgrade will
entail significant management and staff personnel time and a complicated  phase-in  process, where difficulties in installing, customizing and training personnel in new technology can frequently occur. The
replacement of any information technology system upon which we rely may be financially and administratively burdensome to us in this way and can constrain our ability to pursue other opportunities requiring significant capital and management
resources. If our implementation of replacement technology systems is inefficient, delayed or ineffective, we may experience disruptions or delays in our cash flows and
  day-to-day   caregiver processes, experience disruptions or errors related to using, accessing and sharing of patient care information and declines in patient and/or
hospital employee satisfaction. Because the healthcare information technology business and our business  and patients  needs continuously evolve, we cannot assure you that we will not incur such financial and administrative difficulties.
Moreover, if we fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology either through Horizon Clinicals or our replacement Cerner platform, we will be subject to reduced payments from Medicare (in addition to any ongoing statutory
reductions).      We are required to comply with laws governing the transmission, security and privacy of health information.    
 The HIPAA administrative simplification provisions require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for healthcare claims and
payment transactions submitted or received electronically. In addition, as required by HIPAA, the Department has issued privacy and security regulations that extensively regulate the use and disclosure of PHI and require covered entities, including
healthcare providers and health plans, and vendors known as  business associates,  to implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the security of PHI. Covered entities must report breaches of unsecured PHI
without unreasonable delay to affected individuals, the Department and, in the case of larger breaches, the media. The privacy, security and breach notification regulations have imposed, and will continue to impose, significant compliance costs on
our operations.    Violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations may result in criminal penalties and in civil penalties of up to
$55,010 per violation, to a maximum of $1,650,300 in a calendar year for violations of the same requirement. A covered entity may be subject to penalties as a result of a business associate violating HIPAA, if the business associate is found to be
an agent of the covered entity. The Department is required to perform compliance audits, and state attorneys general may enforce the HIPAA privacy and security regulations in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents.  
 There are numerous other laws and legislative and regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing privacy and security
concerns. These laws vary and may impose additional obligations or penalties. For example, various state laws and regulations may require us to notify affected individuals in the event of a data breach involving individually identifiable information
(even if no health-related information is involved). In addition, the FTC uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to data breaches. To the extent we fail to comply with one or more federal and/or state
privacy and security requirements or if we are found to be responsible for the  non-compliance  of our vendors, we could be subject to substantial fines or penalties, as well as third-party claims which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.      A breach of our information system s
cybersecurity precautions may cause loss of protected health information, adversely affect our ability to properly manage our operations, cause us to incur remediation costs, increase our operating expenses and result in litigation and negative
publicity.      Aspects of our business operations give rise to material cybersecurity risks and the potential costs and consequences
associated with such risks. Additionally, we outsource functions that may also have material cybersecurity risks. Certain risks related to cyber incidents may remain undetected for an extended period. If we incur a security breach, the policy
provides coverage for information security and privacy liability, regulatory defense and penalties, website media content liability, notification services and privacy breach response services.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  The objectives of cyber-attacks vary widely and may include theft of PHI, financial assets,
intellectual property, or other sensitive information belonging to us, our customers or our business partners. Cyber-attacks also may be directed at disrupting our operations or the operations of our business partners. If we fall victim to
cyber-attacks, we may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences, which may include, but are not limited to, remediation costs that may include liability for stolen assets or information and repairing system damage that may have
been caused, including incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain the business relationships after an attack; increased cybersecurity protection costs that may include organizational changes, deploying
additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party experts and consultants; lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following
an attack; litigation; and reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. Furthermore, breaches of unsecured PHI or other personal information caused by cyber-attacks will trigger notification requirements under HIPAA and
state laws, and could result in civil and criminal penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.      If we fail to continually
enhance our hospitals with the most recent technological advances in diagnostic and surgical equipment, our ability to maintain and expand our markets may be adversely affected.    
 Technological advances regarding CTs, MRIs and PET equipment, and other equipment used in our facilities, are continually evolving. To compete
with other healthcare providers, we must constantly evaluate our equipment needs and upgrade equipment because of technological improvements. If we fail to remain current with the technological advancements of the medical community, our volumes and
revenue may be negatively affected. Further, technological advances, including regarding both medical equipment and pharmaceuticals, may cure disease or alter the processes used for the diagnosis or treatment of certain illnesses or diseases which
could increase competition for our healthcare services, reduce our patient volumes, reduce our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our profitability.  
   If we fail to effectively and timely implement EHR systems, our operations could be adversely affected.    
 As required by HITECH, the Department has adopted an incentive payment program for eligible hospitals and healthcare professionals that
implement certified EHR technology and use it consistently with  meaningful use  requirements. If our hospitals and employed or contracted professionals do not meet the Medicare or Medicaid EHR incentive program requirements, we will not
receive Medicare or Medicaid incentive payments to offset some of the costs of implementing the EHR systems. Further, beginning in 2015, eligible hospitals and physicians that failed to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology were
subject to reduced payments from Medicare. Failure to implement EHR systems effectively and in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.  
   If we fail to comply with extensive laws and governmental regulations, we could suffer penalties, be required to alter financial arrangements with our
referral sources, including referral source investors in some of our hospitals, be required to significantly change our operations or be subject to significant liabilities.    
 The healthcare industry, including our Company, must comply with extensive and complex statutes and regulations at the federal, state and local
government levels relating to:      

billing and coding for services and proper handling of overpayments;        

classification of level of care provided, including proper classification of emergency treatment, inpatient admissions, observation status and outpatient care;    

relationships with physicians and other referral sources or recipients, including financial arrangements and ownership interests involving physicians and other referral sources or recipients, such as physicians holding
ownership interests in hospitals;        

necessity and adequacy of medical care;        

quality of medical equipment and services;        

qualifications of medical and support personnel;        

confidentiality, maintenance, data breach, identity theft and security issues associated with health related and personal information and medical records;    

screening, stabilization and transfer of individuals who have emergency medical conditions;    
      43  

Table of Contents  

licensure and certification;        

hospital rate or budget review;        

preparation and filing of cost reports;        

activities regarding competitors;        

operating policies and procedures;        

provider-based reimbursement, including complying with requirements allowing multiple locations of a hospital to be billed under the hospital s Medicare provider number;    

incentive payments for the adoption and meaningful use of certified EHR technology; and        

disclosures to patients, including disclosure of any physician ownership in a hospital.      Some
of these statutes and regulations are relatively new and subject to ongoing interpretation by regulatory agencies. Further, regulatory and enforcement agencies may interpret existing laws and regulations in new or expansive ways that we are unable
to predict. Thus, we do not always have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation of these laws and regulations. Because these laws and regulations are so complex, hospital companies face a risk of inadvertent violations.
Different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to change our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital
expenditure programs and operating expenses.    If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to
liabilities, including:      

criminal penalties;        

civil penalties, including the loss of our licenses to operate one or more of our facilities; and        

exclusion of one or more of our facilities from participation in the Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs.    
 As required by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, civil monetary penalties increased significantly in 2016. Beginning in 2017, the penalty
amounts will be adjusted based on updates to the consumer price index.      The Health Reform Law imposes significant restrictions on hospitals that
have physician owners.      Some of our hospitals have physician ownership pursuant to an exception to the Stark Law known as the
 whole-hospital exception.  The Health Reform Law significantly narrows this exception to apply only to hospitals that had physician ownership in place as of March 23, 2010, and a Medicare provider agreement effective as of
December 31, 2010. While the amended whole-hospital exception grandfathers certain existing physician-owned hospitals, including nine of ours, it prohibits a grandfathered hospital from increasing its percentage of physician ownership beyond
the aggregate level that was in place as of March 23, 2010. Subject to limited exceptions, a grandfathered physician-owned hospital may not increase its aggregate number of operating rooms, procedure rooms, and beds for which it is licensed
beyond the number in place as of March 23, 2010. A grandfathered physician-owned hospital must comply with a number of additional requirements, including not conditioning any physician ownership directly or indirectly on the owner making or
influencing referrals, not offering any ownership interests to physician owners on more favorable terms than those offered to  non-physicians  and not providing any guarantee to physician owners to purchase
other business interests related to the hospital. Further, a grandfathered hospital cannot have been converted from an ambulatory surgery center to a hospital.  
 The whole-hospital exception, as amended, also contains additional disclosure requirements. For example, a grandfathered physician-owned
hospital is required to submit an annual report to the Department listing each investor in the hospital, including all physician owners. CMS has delayed the collection of annual reporting data until further notice. In addition, grandfathered
physician-owned hospitals must have procedures in place that require each referring physician owner to disclose to patients, with enough notice for the patient to make a meaningful decision regarding receipt of care, the physician s ownership
interest and, if applicable, any ownership interest held by the treating physician. A grandfathered physician-owned hospital also must disclose on its website and in any public advertising the fact that it has physician ownership. The Health Reform
Law requires the Department to audit grandfathered physician-owned hospitals  compliance with these requirements.    In light of the
Health Reform Law s restrictions on the whole-hospital exception and limited interpretive guidance, it may be difficult for us to determine how the exception will apply to specific situations, including the ones discussed above, that may arise
with our hospitals. If any of our hospitals, including the ones discussed above, fail to comply with the amended whole-hospital exception, those hospitals could be found to be in violation of the Stark Law, and we could incur significant financial
or other penalties.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

    Providers in the healthcare industry have been the subject of federal and state
investigations, and we may become subject to additional investigations that could subject us to significant liabilities or penalties.    
 Both federal and state government agencies have increased their focus on and coordination of civil and criminal enforcement efforts in the
healthcare area. There are numerous ongoing investigations of hospital companies and their executives and managers. The OIG and the DOJ have, from time to time, established national enforcement initiatives that focus on specific billing practices or
other suspected areas of abuse. Further, under the FCA, private parties may bring  qui tam  whistleblower lawsuits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. Some
states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions.    Federal and state investigations relate to a wide variety of
routine healthcare operations, including:      

cost reporting and billing practices;        

financial arrangements with referral sources;        

physician recruitment activities;        

physician joint ventures; and        

hospital charges and collection practices for  self-pay  patients.    
 We engage in many of these and other activities that could be the subject of governmental investigations or inquiries from time to time. We
have significant Medicare and Medicaid billings, we have numerous financial arrangements with physicians who are referral sources to our hospitals and we have nine hospitals as of September 30, 2016 that have physician investors. In addition,
our executives and managers, many of whom have worked at other healthcare companies that are or may become the subject of federal and state investigations and private litigation, may be included in governmental investigations or named as defendants
in private litigation. Any additional investigations of us, our executives or our managers could cause significant liabilities or penalties to us and adverse publicity.  
 In addition, governmental agencies and their agents, such as MACs, fiscal intermediaries and carriers, and the OIG, CMS and state Medicaid
programs, conduct audits of our healthcare operations. Private payors may conduct similar audits, and we also perform internal audits and monitoring. Depending on the conduct found in such audits and whether the underlying conduct could be
considered systemic, resolving these audits could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  
 CMS has implemented a nationwide RAC program under which it engages private contractors to conduct post-payment reviews to detect and correct
improper payments in the Medicare program. The contractors receive a contingency fee based on corrected, improper payments. The Health Reform Law expanded the RAC program s scope to include other Medicare programs, including managed Medicare,
effective December 31, 2010.    In addition, through DEFRA, Congress has expanded the federal government s involvement in fighting
fraud, waste and abuse in the Medicaid program by creating the Medicaid Integrity Program. Under this program, CMS engages private contractors, referred to as MICs, to perform post-payment audits of Medicaid claims and identify overpayments. In
addition, the Health Reform Law expanded the RAC program s scope to include Medicaid claims. In addition to MICs and RACs, several other contractors and state Medicaid agencies have increased their review activities.  
 Any such audit or investigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  
   We face risks associated with federal and state antitrust laws applicable to the management and operation of our provider-sponsored networks.
     Federal and state antitrust laws prohibit unreasonable restraints of trade, including price fixing and market allocations among
competitors. Joint contracting among competitors may constitute price fixing, and may therefore be illegal, unless the contracting parties are under common governance, the contracting parties are involved in a legitimate joint venture to which joint
contracting is ancillary, joint contracting is obtained through a  messenger  or there is sufficient clinical integration or substantial financial risk sharing. Violation of antitrust laws can result in civil penalties and/or criminal
prosecution. The FTC has issued certain guidance regarding joint contracting among healthcare providers, including examples of financial arrangements that constitute sufficient risk sharing, and clinical integration that is sufficient, to permit
joint provider contracting.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  Our acute care hospitals have collaborated with Health Choice, through its accountable care
networking business, to build networks consisting of our hospitals, some of our hospitals  medical staffs and our employed physicians and independent physicians and facilities. These  so-called 
 narrow networks  can provide managed services to patients in contract with select payors, with the goal of achieving clinical integration and associated efficiencies among such providers, to improve population health, improve
patients  experience of care and control healthcare costs.    Our aggregation of providers into single networks, our joint contracting
policies and procedure and our financial arrangements with third party payors through these networks are structured to comply with all federal and state antitrust laws. However, we can provide no assurance we will meet all the requirements under
applicable antitrust law regarding operation of our provider networks. Failure to comply with various federal and state antitrust laws and regulations could result in investigations or litigation, with potential penalties or damages, and limitations
on our ability to expand that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.      We are subject to
risks associated with outsourcing functions to third parties.      To improve operating margins, productivity and efficiency, we
outsource selected nonclinical business functions to third parties. We take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of independent third parties to whom we have delegated selected functions which may include revenue cycle management, patient
access, billing, cash collections, payment compliance and other support services. Arrangements with third party service providers may make our operations vulnerable if vendors fail to satisfy their obligations to us because of their performance,
changes in their own operations, financial condition, or other matters outside of our control. Our use of third party providers also may require changes to our existing operations and the adoption of new procedures and processes for retaining and
managing these providers, and redistributing responsibilities to realize the potential productivity and operational efficiencies. Effective management, development and implementation of our outsourcing strategies are important to our business and
strategy. If there are delays or difficulties in enhancing business processes or our third party providers do not perform as anticipated, we may not fully realize on a timely basis the anticipated economic and other benefits of the outsourcing
projects or other relationships we enter into with key vendors, which could cause substantial costs, divert management s attention from other strategic activities, negatively affect employee morale or create other operational or financial
problems for us. Terminating or transitioning arrangements with key vendors could cause additional costs and a risk of operational delays, potential errors and possible control issues because of the termination or during the transition phase.  
   Regional economic downturns or other material changes in the economic condition in the markets in which we operate could cause our overall business
results to suffer.      During periods of economic volatility or downturns, which may give rise to decreased consumer spending and high
levels of unemployment or underemployment, governmental entities often experience budgetary constraints because of increased costs and lower than expected tax collections. These budgetary constraints have resulted in decreased spending for health
and human service programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and similar programs, which represent significant payor sources for our hospitals. Many states, including states in which we operate, have decreased funding for state healthcare programs or
made other structural changes resulting in a reduction in Medicaid spending. Additional Medicaid spending cuts may be implemented in the states in which we operate. Other risks we face from general economic downturns include patient decisions to
postpone or cancel elective and  non-emergent  healthcare procedures, increases in the uninsured population and further difficulties in our collection of patient
 co-payment  and deductible receivables.    Our acute care and managed care business segments operate
in various regions across the country. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, our total revenue was generated in the following geographic areas:      
   Our business is not as geographically diversified as some competing multi-facility healthcare companies and,
therefore, is subject to greater market risks. Any material change in the current demographic, economic, competitive or regulatory conditions in any of the regions in which we operate could materially adversely affect our overall business results
because of the significance of our operations in each of these regions to our overall operating performance.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

    We may not achieve our acute care acquisition and growth strategies and we may have difficulty acquiring  non-profit  hospitals due to regulatory barriers and scrutiny.      Part of our business strategy has
been expansion by acquiring hospitals and ambulatory care and other facilities in our existing markets and in new markets and by entering into partnerships or affiliations with other healthcare service providers. The competition to acquire these
facilities is significant, including competition from healthcare companies with financial resources greater than us. There is no guarantee we can successfully integrate acquired hospitals and ambulatory care facilities, which limits our ability to
complete future acquisitions.    In addition, we may not acquire additional hospitals on satisfactory terms and future acquisitions may be
on less than favorable terms. We may have difficulty obtaining financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms. We invest capital in our existing facilities to develop new services or expand or renovate our facilities to generate new, or
sustain existing, revenues from our operations. We may finance these capital commitments or development programs through operating cash flows or additional debt proceeds. Many states, including some where we have hospitals and others where we may
attempt to acquire hospitals, have adopted legislation regarding the sale or other disposition of hospitals operated by  non-profit  entities. In other states that do not have such legislation, the attorneys
general have demonstrated an interest in these transactions under their general obligations to protect charitable assets from waste. These legislative and administrative efforts focus primarily on the valuation of the assets divested and the use of
the sale proceeds by the  non-profit  seller. These review and approval processes can add time to the consummation of an acquisition of a  non-profit  hospital, and future
actions on the state level could seriously delay or even prevent future acquisitions of  non-profit  hospitals. As a condition to approving an acquisition, the attorney general of the state in which the hospital
is located may require us to maintain services, such as emergency departments, or to continue to provide certain levels of charity care, which may affect our decision to acquire, or the terms upon which we acquire, these hospitals.  
   Difficulties in integrating acquired businesses may disrupt our ongoing operations.    
 We may, from time to time, evaluate strategic opportunities such as joint ventures and acquisitions that may be material, including the
acquisition of healthcare systems, individual hospitals, outpatient clinics, physician groups and other ancillary healthcare businesses. Integrating acquired hospitals, physician practices or other business operations may require a disproportionate
amount of management s time and attention, potentially distracting management from its other   day-to-day   responsibilities. In addition, poor integration of acquired
businesses could cause interruptions to our business activities, including those of the acquired facilities, and could cause potential loss of key employees or customers of acquired companies. We may not realize all or any of the anticipated
benefits of an acquisition and we may incur significant costs related to the acquisitions or integration of these facilities. In addition, we may acquire hospitals and other businesses that have unknown or contingent liabilities, including
liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare laws and regulations. Although we seek indemnification from prospective sellers covering these matters, we may have material liabilities for past activities of acquired hospitals.  
   We may be subject to liabilities because of claims brought against our hospitals, physician practices, outpatient facilities or other business
operations.      Plaintiffs frequently sue hospitals and other healthcare providers, alleging malpractice, product liability or other
legal theories. Many involve large claims and significant defense costs. Certain other hospital companies have been subject to class-action claims with respect to their billing practices for uninsured patients or lawsuits alleging inappropriate
classification of claims, for billing, between observation and inpatient status.    We maintain professional malpractice liability insurance
and general liability insurance in amounts we believe are sufficient to cover claims arising out of the operations of our facilities. Some of the claims could exceed the coverage in effect, and coverage of particular claims or damages could be
denied.    The volatility of professional liability insurance and, sometimes, the lack of availability of such insurance coverage for
physicians with privileges at our hospitals increase our risk of vicarious liability where both our hospital and the uninsured or underinsured physician are named as  co-defendants.  We are subject to
self-insured risk and may be required to fund claims out of our operating cash flow. We cannot assure you that we can continue to obtain insurance coverage or that such insurance coverage, if it is available, will be available on acceptable terms.
   As of September 30, 2016, our self-insured retention for professional and general liability coverage is $7.0 million for the
first claim and $5.0 million per claim for each additional claim, with an excess aggregate limit of $55.0 million, and maximum coverage under our insurance policies is $75.0 million.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, physicians  professional liability insurance costs in certain markets have
dramatically increased to where some physicians are choosing to retire early or leave those markets. If physician professional liability insurance costs continue to escalate in markets in which we operate, some physicians may choose not to practice
at our facilities, which could reduce our patient volumes and revenues. Our hospitals also may incur a greater percentage of the amounts paid to claimants if physicians cannot obtain adequate malpractice coverage since we are often sued in the same
malpractice suits brought against physicians on our medical staffs who are not employed by us.    As part of our broader physician alignment
strategies, we expect to continue to employ additional physicians, which could result in a significant increase in our professional and general liability risks and related costs in future periods.  
   Certain of our hospital leases contain terms and obligations that could expose us to lease termination or
 non-renewal,  or other unfavorable leasing implications, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.    
 We lease certain of our hospital properties. Some of these hospital leases can be subject to early termination if we violate certain provisions
or covenants in the leases. Additionally, some of our hospital leases are with the same landlord and contain cross-default provisions that would allow that landlord to terminate all leases with us if we violate certain defined provisions related to
a single lease with them. If we cannot renew or extend our existing leases, or purchase the hospitals subject to such leases, at or prior to the end of the existing lease terms, if the terms of lease renewal options are unfavorable or unacceptable
to us, or if any landlord terminates a lease because of our breach of the lease, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.  
   We depend on key personnel, and losing one or more of our senior management team or local management personnel could have a material adverse effect on
our business.      Our business strongly depends upon the services and management experience of our senior management team and local
management personnel. We depend on the ability of these senior management team members and key employees to manage growth successfully and on our ability to attract and retain skilled employees. Moreover, we do not maintain key man life insurance
policies on any of our officers, including our senior corporate executives. If any of our executive officers or other members of senior management resign or otherwise cannot serve, our management expertise and ability to deliver healthcare services
efficiently and to execute our business strategy could be diminished, and our business could be materially and adversely affected.    In
addition, we manage our staffing carefully to enhance efficiency and control our salaries, wages and benefits. Historically, our hospitals have not overstaffed or had deep ranks of employees for succession planning but, rather, have maintained an
efficient, small group of experienced personnel to manage our   day-to-day   business operations. If we fail to attract and retain managers at our hospitals and related
facilities, our operations could be materially and adversely affected.      We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages, slowdowns or increased
labor costs.      None of our employees are represented by a union. However, our employees have the right under the National Labor
Relations Act to form or affiliate with a union. If some or all of our workforce were to become unionized and the terms of the collective bargaining agreement differed significantly from our current compensation agreements, it could increase our
costs and adversely affect our profitability. Participation by our workforce in labor unions could put us at increased risk of labor strikes and disruption of our services.  
   Our hospitals are subject to compliance and other responsibilities and costs under environmental laws that could lead to material expenditures or
liability.      We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the
protection of human health and the environment. We could incur substantial costs to maintain compliance with, and/or address liabilities arising under, these laws and regulations. We could become the subject of future enforcement or other legal
proceedings, which could lead to damage claims, fines or criminal penalties if we are found to have liability under these laws and regulations. We also may be subject to requirements related to the investigation or remediation of substances or
wastes released into the environment at properties owned or operated by us or our predecessors or at other properties where substances or wastes were sent for  off-site  treatment or disposal. These remediation
requirements may be imposed without regard to fault, and liability for environmental remediation can be substantial.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

  To our knowledge, we have not been and are not the subject of any investigations relating to
noncompliance with or liability under environmental laws and regulations. We maintain insurance coverage for third-party liability related to the storage tanks at our facilities, which consists of several separate insurance policies, each providing
for at least $2.0 million per claim and $5.0 million in the aggregate.      If the fair value of our reporting units declines, a material  non-cash  charge to earnings from an impairment of our goodwill may result.      At September 30,
2016, we had $767.7 million of goodwill recorded in our audited, consolidated financial statements. We expect to recover the carrying value of this goodwill through our future cash flows. On an annual basis, we evaluate, based on the fair value
of our reporting units, whether the carrying value of our goodwill is impaired. An additional review is required when events or changes in circumstances indicate that such carrying value may not be recoverable. The testing of goodwill for impairment
requires us to make significant estimates about our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions related to our cost of capital and other factors impacting our fair value models. These estimates can be affected by various factors,
including changes in economic, industry or other market assumptions, regulatory and legal factors, and changes in our business operations, changes in these factors, or changes in our actual performance compared with our estimates of future
projections, could affect our calculation of the fair value of our reporting units, which could result in an impairment charge to goodwill.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the annual goodwill evaluation indicated an impairment of goodwill in our acute care Arizona reporting unit,
and a non-cash charge of $54.0 million was recorded to write-off all goodwill related to that reporting unit. In addition, we determined that our Texas reporting unit was at risk for future impairment because its estimated fair value exceeded its
carrying value by less than 15%. The estimated fair value of our acute care Texas reporting unit has been impacted by events and circumstances that have occurred at a Houston hospital during fiscal 2016. Additionally, revenue at certain of our Texas
hospitals was negatively impacted by a decline in crude oil prices that occurred in fiscal years 2015 and 2016. We view the impact of these events on the estimated fair value of our acute care Texas reporting unit to be temporary in nature.  
 There can be no assurance that there will not be impairment charges in subsequent periods as a result of our future impairment reviews. To the
extent that future impairment charges occur, it would have a material impact on our financial results.      A failure to maintain adequate internal
controls over our financial and management systems may cause errors in our financial reporting.      The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to
report on our internal controls over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    While we have
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016, as indicated in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in this Report, if we are unable to maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting or we identify additional material weaknesses in the future, this may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis or cause errors in our financial reporting and
thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
  Risks Related to our Managed Care Operations       Our
revenue and profitability could be adversely affected by the loss of, or changes in, Health Choice s contracts with the State of Arizona, a failure to control medical costs at Health Choice and other factors related to Health Choice.
     Effective October 1, 2013, Health Choice entered into a contract with AHCCCS, Arizona s Medicaid agency. The contract
has a current term that expires on September 30, 2017 and includes one additional  one-year  renewal option that can be exercised at the discretion of AHCCCS. The contract is terminable without cause on 90 days
written notice or for cause upon written notice if Health Choice fails to comply with any term or condition or fails to take corrective action as required to comply with the terms of the contract. AHCCCS can also terminate our contract upon
unavailability of state or federal funding. If our existing contract with AHCCCS is terminated, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. The contract allows Health Choice to serve Medicaid
members in the following Arizona counties: Apache, Coconino, Gila, Maricopa, Mohave, Navajo, Pima and Pinal. For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, Health Choice s contract with AHCCCS contributed 25.0%, 25.6% and 23.6%,
respectively, to our consolidated total revenue.    In response to state budgetary issues in Arizona during recent years, AHCCCS has worked
to control its costs, through cuts in provider reimbursement and capitation premiums, targeted reductions in Medicaid eligible beneficiaries, the imposition of a tiered profit sharing plan and implementing a risk-based or severity-adjusted payment
methodology for all health plans. Capitation rates for each health plan and geographic service area are adjusted annually based on the severity of treatment episodes experienced by each plan s membership compared to the average over a specified
 12-month  period. Adjustments are calculated using diagnosis codes and  
      49  

Table of Contents  

procedural information from medical and pharmacy claims data, in addition to member demographic information. Each year, capitation rates are risk adjusted prospectively approximately six months
into the contract year and then retroactively back to the start of the contract year. AHCCCS has implemented a tiered profit sharing plan, which is administered through an annual reconciliation process with all participating managed Medicaid health
plans and will limit our net profit margins. If AHCCCS continues to reduce capitation premium rates, implements further eligibility restrictions or makes further alterations to the payment structure of its contracts, our results of operations and
cash flows may be materially adversely affected.    Health Choice experienced significant enrollment growth following its award of a new
contract in late 2013 and the governor of Arizona s signing into law the state s expansion of its Medicaid program under the Health Reform Law in 2013, which resulted in increased eligibility for adults, children and pregnant women, and
the restoration of eligibility to childless adults whose eligibility was previously frozen. However, the state s Medicaid expansion plan, which became effective on January 1, 2014, also contains a roll back provision that takes effect if
the federally matched portion is reduced by 80% from its current levels. If additional changes to the Arizona Medicaid program are implemented, our revenue and earnings could be significantly impacted.  
 Further, while the Arizona legislature approved an expansion of Medicaid in 2013 which became effective on January 1, 2014, a lawsuit
filed by several state lawmakers has challenged the legality of a provider fee assessed to all providers and used to help pay for Arizona s Medicaid expansion. On August 26, 2015, the Arizona State Superior Court upheld the legality of the
provider fee, thus preserving the existing funding for Medicaid expansion in Arizona. The plaintiffs are appealing this decision. If the legality of the provider fee used to help fund Arizona s Medicaid expansion is ultimately successfully
challenged on appeal, this may result in the loss of certain funding for the state s Medicaid program, which could potentially result in changes that restrict eligibility and increase the number of uninsured individuals, which would adversely
affect our operations in Arizona. In addition, if similar challenges are successful in other states where we operate, we may be similarly adversely affected by such challenges.  
 AHCCCS and the Medicaid agency in Utah, with the required approval of CMS, set the capitated rates received at Health Choice which
subcontracts with physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers to provide services to its enrollees. If Health Choice fails to manage healthcare costs effectively, these costs may exceed the payments it receives. Our medical loss ratio
(medical claims expense as a percentage of premium revenue) for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, was 92.5%, 88.7% and 88.8%, respectively. Relatively small changes in these medical loss ratios can create significant changes in
the profitability of Health Choice. Many factors can cause actual healthcare costs to exceed the capitated rates Health Choice receives, including:      

an ability to contract with cost-effective healthcare providers;        

the increased cost of individual healthcare services and drug therapies, including specialty drugs;        

the type and number of individual healthcare services delivered; and        

catastrophes, epidemics, increased acuity levels of our members or other unforeseen occurrences.    
 Any future growth in membership increases the risk associated with managing health claims expense. If our medical claims expense increases,
our financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected.    Effective October 1, 2015, Health
Choice s joint venture, HCIC entered into a contract with the ADHS. The contract has an initial term of three years and includes two additional  two-year  renewal options that can be exercised at the
discretion of ADHS. The contract is terminable by ADHS following HCIC s failure to carry out a material contract term, condition or obligation. If our existing contract with ADHS is terminated, our financial condition, cash flows and results of
operations would be materially adversely affected.    As of January 1, 2017, Health Choice will be exiting the Arizona marketplace
exchange. Our decision to exit the exchange was driven by the instability of the Health Reform marketplace, uncertainty and lack of funding around government premium stabilization programs, and the overall nature of the related regulatory
environment.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

    Health Choice s failure to successfully execute its growth strategy and expand its
product lines, including its MSO services, may result in reduction or elimination of anticipated revenue or profitability and could have materially adverse consequences on our financial condition and results of operations.    
 We have sought to grow Health Choice s business lines both in Arizona and beyond its core Arizona managed Medicaid operations. These
growth initiatives include expansion of our service lines, expansion of our managed Medicaid business into other states, delivery of MSO services to third-party insurers and operation of accountable care networks in a manner that allows
participating providers to engage in value- and risk-based contracts with such insurers.    Each of these growth strategies and expansion
opportunities involves risks and there can be no assurance that we will successfully execute them. While Health Choice intends to pursue an expansion of its MSO and managed care solutions businesses, there can be no assurance that Health Choice will
be successful in its efforts to diversify its client base, service offerings and geographic reach and compete successfully against other more established MSOs. For instance, in 2014, Health Choice Florida commenced operating as a MSO in the state of
Florida, and employs approximately 160 employees located primarily in the Tampa area, providing managed care and administrative services for a large national insurer s managed Medicaid plan members. Such service relationships, including Health
Choice Florida s existing arrangement with a large national insurer, customarily include rigorous performance standards applicable to the third party service provider and significant penalties associated with nonperformance, including
termination rights of the service provider. If Health Choice does not meet these performance obligations and contractual penalties are imposed or termination rights are exercised as a result, this may result in an elimination or reduction in our
anticipated revenue and profitability.    When we expand our core managed Medicaid business into new markets or service lines, we face
competition with other managed Medicaid providers, many of whom may have incumbent relationships with state Medicaid agencies or who may be part of larger, more established regional or national insurance companies. Additionally, where Health Choice
contracts with government agencies with respect to new business opportunities, there can be no assurance that such government programs will not be materially changed or that our contracts will be renewed and not be terminated, and as a result, we
may not fully realize the potential benefits of these contracts. Furthermore, our development of accountable care networks involves significant challenges. These include efforts of other provider-based health systems to establish competing networks,
recruit sufficient numbers of physicians into these networks, develop arrangements with sufficient payors, and effectively coordinate care and manage the health of various populations through these networks in a profitable manner. If we fail to
execute successfully on any of these strategies, it will result in reduction or loss of anticipated revenue or profitability.      Our inability to
effectively maintain and upgrade information technology systems used in our managed care operations, or the costs associated with such replacements and upgrades, could adversely affect our operations and financial results.    
 As with the healthcare information technology systems we use in our acute care operations, we invest heavily in our managed care information
systems, and these systems evolve rapidly and are subject to extensive regulatory requirements. The replacement of any information technology system upon which we rely may be financially and administratively burdensome to us. Such replacements,
upgrades and similar projects require modifications to our capital expenditure plans and constrain our ability to pursue other opportunities requiring significant capital and management resources. Additionally, such upgrades may be time consuming
and complex from an administrative standpoint. If our implementation of a replacement technology system is inefficient, delayed or ineffective, we may experience disruptions or delays in our   day-to-day   administrative and care management processes, experience errors related to sharing of patient care information and declines in member, provider and/or employee satisfaction. Because the healthcare
information technology business, regulatory requirements and the needs of our healthcare providers and health plan members continuously evolve, we cannot assure you that we will not incur such financial and administrative difficulties, which may
have an adverse effect on our business, and results of operations.      Material risks are associated with participating in government-sponsored
programs such as Medicaid, Medicare and the Exchanges, including dependence upon government funding, changes occurring because of the Health Reform Law, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight.    
 Health Choice contracts with state departments of health, Medicaid agencies and CMS to provide managed healthcare services. Revenues from the
Medicaid and Medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through CMS and/or applicable state or local governments. Funding for these programs depends on many factors outside our control,
including general economic conditions, tax revenues, continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs, budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state or local level, and general political issues and priorities. These governmental
agencies have the right not to renew or cancel their contracts with Health Choice on short notice without cause or if funds are not available. Unanticipated changes in funding by the federal or state governments could substantially reduce our
revenues and profitability.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

  State governments have experienced tight budgetary conditions within their Medicaid programs due
to difficult macroeconomic conditions and increases in the Medicaid eligible population. We anticipate this will require government agencies with which we contract to find funding alternatives, which may cause reductions in funding. If any state in
which Health Choice operates were to decrease premiums paid to Health Choice, or pay Health Choice less than the amount to keep pace with its cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on Health Choice s revenues and results of
operations. Economic conditions affecting state governments and agencies could also result in delays in receiving premium payments. If there is a significant delay in Health Choice s receipt of premiums to pay health benefit costs, it could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.    At both the federal and state government levels,
legislative and regulatory proposals have been made related to, or potentially affecting, the health care industry, including but not limited to limitations on managed care organizations, including benefit mandates, and reform of the Medicaid and
Medicare programs. Any such legislative or regulatory action, including benefit mandates or reform of the Medicaid and Medicare programs, could have the effect of reducing the premiums paid to us by governmental programs, increasing our medical and
administrative costs or requiring us to materially alter the manner in which we operate. We are unable to predict the specific content of any future legislation, action or regulation that may be enacted or when any such future legislation or
regulation will be adopted. Therefore, we cannot predict accurately the effect or ramifications of such future legislation, action or regulation on our managed care business.  
 The Medicare program has been the subject of recent regulatory reform initiatives, including the Health Reform Law. Effective in 2012, the
Health Reform Law tied a portion of each Medicare Advantage plan s reimbursement to the plan s  star rating  by CMS, with those plans receiving a rating of three or more stars eligible for quality-based bonus payments. The star
rating system considers various measures adopted by CMS, including quality of care, preventative services, chronic illness management and customer satisfaction. Beginning in 2015, plans must have a star rating of four or higher to qualify for bonus
payments, and CMS may terminate contracts with plans that do not maintain a minimum star rating of three for three consecutive years. While Health Choice currently has a  three star  rating, if it does not maintain its star rating, its
plan may be terminated, and if it does not continue to improve its star rating, it may not be eligible for full-level quality bonuses, which could adversely affect the benefits its plans offer, reduce our customer base, reduce profit margins or
eliminate one or more of its plans altogether.    Medicare has implemented a Hierarchical Condition Categories model to adjust capitation
payments to private Medicare Advantage healthcare plans for the health expenditure risk of their beneficiaries. The CMS Risk Adjustment Model measures the disease burden which is correlated to diagnosis codes dependent upon clinical documentation
and claims files. Each year CMS recalibrates its model, pressuring acuity adjustment payments. If Health Choice does not maintain or continue to improve the effectiveness with which its provider delivery system codes the acuity of its patients, its
financial performance could be adversely affected.    Contracts with CMS and the state governmental agencies contain certain provisions
regarding data submission, provider network maintenance, quality measures, claims payment, continuity of care, call center performance and other requirements. If Health Choice fails to comply with these requirements, it may be subject to fines or
penalties that could adversely affect its profitability.    In addition, Health Choice s Exchange plan subsidiary in the State of
Arizona and its Utah managed Medicaid plan subsidiary are subject to regulations by the respective state s department of insurance oversight and managed care organization rules. These require those business lines to operate under requirements
governing minimum amounts of permissible capital, adequacy of provider networks and other complex rules. Under the rules, if the ratio of the insurer s adjusted surplus to its risk-based capital falls below statutorily required minimums, the
insurer could be subject to regulatory actions ranging from increased scrutiny to conservatorship. We cannot assure you that future action taken by state or federal authorities regarding our Exchange plan products, will not have a material adverse
effect on Health Choice s health plan products or its business, financial condition or results of operations. Effective January 1, 2017, Health Choice will be exiting the Arizona marketplace exchange business.  
 Failure to comply with various state and federal healthcare laws and regulations, including those directed at preventing fraud and abuse in
government funded programs, could cause investigations or litigation, with imposing fines, limitations on Health Choice s ability to expand, restrictions or exclusions from program participation or other agreements with a federal or state
governmental agency that could adversely affect its business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.      Managed care organizations
have been the subject of federal and state investigations, and we may become subject to additional investigations that could cause significant liabilities or penalties to us and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations.      Our managed care business is extensively regulated by the federal government and the states in which we operate.
The laws and regulations governing our managed care operations are generally intended to benefit and protect health plan members and providers rather than stockholders and creditors. The government agencies administering these laws and regulations
have broad latitude to enforce them. These laws and regulations, along with the terms of our government contracts, regulate how we do business, what services we offer, and how we interact with our members, providers and the public. Any violation by
us of applicable laws or regulations could reduce our revenues and profitability, thereby having a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

  We face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the
ordinary course of operating our managed care business. The following are examples of types of potential litigation and regulatory investigations we face:      

claims by government agencies relating to compliance with laws and regulations;        

claims relating to sales practices;        

claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums;        

claims relating to the denial or delay of healthcare benefit payments;        

claims relating to claims payments and procedures;        

claims relating to provider marketing;        

claims by providers for network termination or exclusion;        

anti-kickback claims;        

medical malpractice or negligence actions based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for our providers  malpractice or negligence;    

provider disputes over compensation and termination of provider contracts;        

allegations of discrimination;        

allegations of breaches of duties;        

claims relating to inadequate or incorrect disclosure or accounting in our public filings;        

allegations of agent misconduct;        

claims related to deceptive trade practices; and        

claims relating to audits and contract performance.      As we contract with various governmental
agencies to provide managed healthcare services, we are subject to various reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with the contracts and applicable laws and regulations. Any adverse review, audit, investigation or result from
litigation could result in:      

loss of our right to participate in government-sponsored programs, including Medicaid and Medicare;        

forfeiture or recoupment of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our government contracts;        

imposition of significant civil or criminal penalties, fines or other sanctions on us and/or our key associates;        

reduction or limitation of our membership;        

damage to our reputation in various markets;        

increased difficulty in marketing our products and services;        

restrictions on acquisitions or dispositions;        

suspension or loss of one or more of our licenses to act as an insurer, managed care organization or third-party administrator or to otherwise provide a service; and    

an event of default under our debt agreements.      In particular, because we receive payments
from federal and state governmental agencies, we are subject to various laws commonly referred to as  fraud and abuse  laws, including the FCA, which permit agencies and enforcement authorities to institute suit against us for violations
and, in some cases, to seek treble damages, penalties and assessments. Many states, including states where we currently operate, have enacted parallel legislation. Liability under such federal and state statutes and regulations may arise if we know,
or it is found that we should have known, that information we provide to form the basis for a claim for government payment is false or fraudulent.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

  Some courts have permitted FCA suits to proceed if the claimant was out of compliance with
program requirements. Liability for such matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Qui tam actions under federal and state law can be brought by any individual on behalf of the
government. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of health care companies to defend false claim actions, pay fines or be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other state or federal health care programs
as a result of investigations arising out of such actions. Qui tam actions may have been filed against of us of which we are presently unaware, or qui tam actions may be filed against us in the future. If such a qui tam action were successfully
brought against Health Choice, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.      Health
Choice s medical membership remains concentrated in certain geographic areas and governmental health plan offerings, exposing us to unfavorable changes in local economic and governmental conditions.    
 Despite its recent expansion into new service lines and geographic markets, including management and administrative services, the formation of
a Utah managed Medicaid plan, its new HCIC joint venture, and provider networking on behalf of our acute care operations in certain markets, Health Choice s core business remains its Arizona managed Medicaid plan, which as of September 30,
2016 served 259,100 members. Health Choice maintains this business subject to its contract with AHCCCS, the current term of which expires on September 30, 2017, subject to a  one-year  renewal term at the option
of AHCCCS. Health Choice s continued maintenance of its managed Medicaid business in Arizona depends upon its ability to meet its contractual obligations under its governmental contracts, and win awards for new such contracts during the
state s periodic procurement or request for proposal ( RFP ) process. These RFP processes typically involve intense competition with local and national managed care payors, many of whom have varying operational and greater financial
resources than Health Choice. There can be no assurance that Health Choice s managed Medicaid business will continue to perform effectively in this competitive landscape or continue to be awarded Arizona state contracts during future RFP
cycles.    Unfavorable changes in healthcare or other benefit costs, member utilization or reimbursement rates or increased competition in
those geographic areas where Health Choice s membership is concentrated could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results. Health Choice s membership has been and may continue to be affected by unfavorable general
economic and state budgetary conditions, which in recent years have involved challenges such as capitation rate cuts by the state of Arizona and a tightening of eligibility requirements for Medicaid coverage, including past reductions in Medicaid
coverage for childless adults.      If Medicaid programs, including the state of Arizona through its AHCCCS program, fail to provide supplemental
payments to Health Choice for new or experimental drugs that physicians and consumers deem medically necessary, then Health Choice s pharmaceutical costs and medical loss ratio may increase, and Health Choice s profitability may decrease.
     New or experimental drugs for which AHCCCS or other governmental agencies do not provide supplemental payments or other subsidies
may affect Health Choice s financial performance. Medical costs involved with a single health plan member s treatment through new or experimental drugs can exceed Health Choice s annual capitation payment attributable to such plan
member by many multiples. When rates are established during routine contracting cycles for Health Choice in its bids with state Medicaid agencies in Arizona and Utah, the availability and related costs of new and experimental drugs such are often
not fully taken into account, which can result in unexpected medical costs in the treatment of patients whose needs for such treatments are determined to be a medically necessary treatment.  
 In response to development of new pharmaceuticals and treatments, there can be no assurance that state Medicaid programs, including AHCCCS and
other governmental agencies, will retroactively or timely adjust their capitation payments to us under our contracts with them, in which case Health Choice may be forced to bear the financial cost of those new pharmaceuticals and treatments for
covered patients it manages, either temporarily or permanently. These unanticipated medical costs, if not partially or fully reimbursed by governmental agencies, may increase our medical loss ratio and reduce the profitability of our managed care
operations.      Health Choice s profitability depends upon its ability to accurately predict and control healthcare costs.    
 A substantial majority of the revenue Health Choice receives is used to pay the costs of healthcare services or supplies delivered to our
members. The total healthcare costs it incurs are affected by the number and type of individual services provided and the cost of each service. Our future results of operations will depend, in part, on Health Choice s ability to accurately
predict healthcare costs and to control future healthcare utilization and costs through, utilization management, prior authorization, product design and negotiation of favorable physician provider, hospital and pharmacy contracts. Periodic
renegotiations of healthcare provider contracts, coupled with continued consolidation of physician, hospital and other provider groups, may cause increased healthcare costs or limit our ability to negotiate favorable rates. Changes in utilization
rates, demographic characteristics, the regulatory environment, healthcare practices, inflation, new technologies, new high cost drug therapies, clusters of high-cost cases, continued consolidation of physician, hospital and other provider groups
and numerous other factors affecting healthcare costs may negatively impact our ability to predict and control healthcare costs and, thereby materially adversely affecting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, a
large scale public health epidemic, such as the avian flu, Ebola or the Zika virus, could affect our ability to control healthcare costs.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

  For several years, one of the fastest increasing categories of our healthcare costs has been the
cost of hospital-based products and services. Factors underlying the increase in hospital costs include, but are not limited to, the underfunding of public programs, such as Medicaid and Medicare, growing rates of uninsured individuals, new
technology, state initiated mandates, alleged abuse of hospital chargemasters, an aging population and, under certain circumstances, relatively low levels of hospital competition. New specialty drugs are being fast tracked through FDA trials. In
connection with these new treatments Health Choice must meet certain medical necessity requirements for its Medicaid and Medicare program contracts with regard to the provision of medication therapy. Due to this paradigm, pharmacy costs likely may
outpace capitation reimbursement rates, adversely affecting our financial condition.      Changes in the prescription drug industry pricing benchmarks
may adversely affect our financial performance.      Pharmaceutical products and services constitute a significant portion of Health
Choice s medical costs. Contracts in the prescription drug industry use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. These benchmarks include average wholesale price, referred to as  AWP,  average selling
price, referred to as  ASP,  and wholesale acquisition cost. It is uncertain whether pharmacy providers, pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as it has been
calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry. Legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for Medicare and Medicaid programs. Regulators have investigated the use of AWP for federal
program payment, and whether using AWP has inflated drug expenditures by the Medicare and Medicaid programs.    Federal and state proposals
have sought to change the basis for calculating payment of certain drugs by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Adoption of ASP in lieu of AWP as the measure for determining payment by Medicare or Medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our
mail-order pharmacy business may reduce the revenues and gross margins of this business, which may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.  
   If Health Choice fails to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and ancillary healthcare providers, our business
and results of operations may be adversely affected.      Health Choice contracts with physicians, hospitals and other healthcare
providers to provide healthcare services rendered to our health plan members. Its results of operations depend on our ability to contract for these services at competitive rates. In any market, physicians, hospitals and healthcare providers could
refuse to contract with any of our health plans, demand higher payments or take other actions that could cause higher medical costs or less desirable products for our customers. In some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals,
physician/hospital organizations and multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant or controlling market positions that could cause a diminished bargaining position for us. If providers refuse to contract with Health Choice, use their
market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.  
 Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with healthcare providers also may be negatively affected by other factors not
associated with us, such as changes in Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing revenue and other pressures on healthcare providers and consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and healthcare providers. Ongoing
reductions by CMS and state governments in amounts payable to providers for services provided to Medicare and Medicaid enrollees may pressure the financial condition of certain providers and adversely affect our ability to maintain or develop new
cost-effective healthcare provider contracts or result in a loss of revenues or customers.    Recent and continuing consolidation among
physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers, development of accountable care organizations and other changes in the organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and healthcare providers choose may change the way these providers
interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. Sometimes, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting how we price our products or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our
operations to be more competitive.      Out-of-network  
providers have no  pre-established  understanding with us about the compensation due for their services. Some states define by law or regulation the amounts due, but usually it is not defined or is established
by a standard not clearly translatable into dollar terms. In such instances, providers may believe that they were underpaid and may litigate or arbitrate their dispute with us or try to recover from our customers the difference between what we have
paid them and the amount they charged us. The outcome of disputes where we have no provider contract may cause us to pay higher medical or other benefit costs than we projected, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.  

      55  

Table of Contents  

    Health Choice depends on the success of its relationships with third parties for various services and
functions, including pharmacy benefit and radiation management services.      As part of its operations, Health Choice contracts with
third parties for selected services and functions, including pharmacy benefit management services, radiology benefit management services, and various other service providers in areas such as information technology and disease management services.
Health Choice s operations may be vulnerable if these third parties fail to perform their obligations to it or if the arrangement is terminated. If there are delays or difficulties that cause our third party vendors to not perform as expected,
Health Choice may not realize, or realize on a timely basis, the anticipated operating efficiencies and financial benefits of these relationships. Violation of or noncompliance with laws by our third party vendors could increase Health Choice s
exposure of liability to its members and government regulators. Noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations or any security breach involving one of its third-party vendors could have a material adverse effect on Health
Choice s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.     Risk Factors Related to Capital Structure   
   Servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on numerous factors beyond our control,
and we may not generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, including making payments on our 8.375% Senior Notes and Senior Secured Credit Facilities.    
 As of September 30, 2016, we have outstanding $849.9 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.375% senior notes due 2019
( Senior Notes ), which mature on May 15, 2019. We also have entered into our senior secured credit facilities, which include (1) amounts outstanding under our senior secured term loan of $969.3 million, maturing in May 2018
and (2) a senior secured revolving credit facility of $207.4 million, maturing in February 2021 (subject to an earlier springing maturity date under certain circumstances), of which up to $125.0 million may be utilized for issuing
letters of credit (together, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). Our ability to borrow funds under our revolving credit facility is subject to the financial viability of the participating financial institutions. If any of our
creditors were to suffer financial difficulties, or if the credit markets deteriorated, our ability to access funds under our revolving credit facility could be limited.  
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowing will be available to us
under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness, including the Senior Notes and term loan, or to fund our other liquidity needs. Our ability to fund these payments
is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness, including the Senior Notes and term loan, by maturity. We cannot
assure you we can refinance any of our indebtedness, on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements, including the amended and restated credit agreement governing the Senior Secured Credit
Facilities and the indenture governing the Senior Notes, may restrict us from effecting any of these alternatives.    During the fiscal year
ending September 30, 2017, along with interest on our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, we must repay $10.1 million in principal under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and $71.2 million in interest under the Senior Notes. If we
cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and, as a result:      

our debt holders could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due;        

our secured debt lenders could terminate their commitments and commence foreclosure proceedings against our assets; and        

we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.        Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect
our financial flexibility and our competitive position.      We have significant indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016, we had
$1.86 billion of indebtedness outstanding, besides availability under the revolving credit portion of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. Our substantial amount of indebtedness could have significant consequences on our financial condition
and results of operations. It could:      

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations regarding our outstanding debt;        

increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;        

expose us to fluctuations in the interest rate environment because the interest rates under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities are variable;    
      56  

Table of Contents  

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other
general corporate purposes;        

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and industry in which we operate;        

restrict us from exploiting business opportunities;        

place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and        

limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy and other general corporate purposes or to refinance
our existing debt.        We, including our subsidiaries, can incur substantially more indebtedness, including senior secured indebtedness.
     Subject to the restrictions in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the indenture governing the Senior Notes, we, including
our subsidiaries, may incur significant additional indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016:      

we had $849.9 million of senior unsecured indebtedness under the Senior Notes;        

we had $969.3 million of senior secured debt outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities; and        

subject to compliance with customary conditions, we had available to us $111.3 million (after consideration of outstanding letters of credit totaling $96.1 million under our revolving credit facility) under
the revolving credit portion of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which, if borrowed, would be senior secured indebtedness.    
 Although our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the indenture governing the Senior Notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of
additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to several important exceptions, and indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. If we and our subsidiaries incur significant additional indebtedness, the
related risks we face could increase.      Agreements governing our indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely
affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and to manage our operations.      Agreements governing our indebtedness and
the indenture governing the Senior Notes contain, and any future indebtedness may contain, several restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, including restrictions on our or our
subsidiaries  ability to:      

incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock;        

pay dividends or make other distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock;        

sell certain assets;        

make certain loans and investments;        

enter into certain transactions with affiliates;        

incur liens on certain assets to secure debt;        

to pay dividends or make payments or distributions to us and our restricted subsidiaries; or        

consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets.      Our ability to comply with
these agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. These covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing,
mergers and acquisitions or other corporate opportunities. The breach of any of these restrictions could cause a default under the indenture governing the Senior Notes or under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities.  
   An increase in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our debt and could reduce our profitability.    
 Borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates. Interest rate changes could affect our interest
payments, and our future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. We have previously entered into, and in the future may enter into, interest rate hedging instruments to reduce our exposure to interest rate volatility;
however, any hedging instruments we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. An increase in interest rates, whether because of an increase in market interest rates or an increase in our own cost of borrowing, would increase the cost
of servicing our debt and could materially reduce our profitability.  
      57  

Table of Contents  

    A failure by us or our subsidiaries to comply with the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness,
including because of events beyond our control, could cause an event of default that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition.    
 If we or our subsidiaries defaulted under any of the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, the holders of the defaulted debt
could cause all amounts outstanding regarding that debt to be due immediately. Upon acceleration of certain of our other indebtedness, holders of the Senior Notes could declare all amounts outstanding under the Senior Notes immediately due and
payable. We cannot assure you that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default. Further, if we cannot repay, refinance or restructure our
secured debt, the holders of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness. In addition, any event of default or declaration of acceleration under one debt instrument could also result in an event of default under one or
more of our other debt instruments. In addition, counterparties to some of our contracts material to our business may amend or terminate those contracts if we have an event of default or a declaration of acceleration under certain of our
indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.      A ratings downgrade or other negative action
by a ratings organization could adversely affect us.      Credit rating agencies continually review their ratings for companies they
follow. The condition of the financial and credit markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and will continue to fluctuate, potentially to a significant degree, in the future. In addition, developments in our business and
operations could lead to a ratings downgrade for us or our subsidiaries. Any such fluctuation in the rating of us or our subsidiaries may impact our ability to access debt markets in the future or increase our cost of future debt which could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.      We are controlled by our principal equity sponsors, who have
interests that may conflict with the interests of our Company.      We are controlled by our principal equity sponsors who can control
our financial-related policies and decisions. Our principal equity sponsors could cause us to enter into transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investment, even though such transactions might reduce our cash flows or
capital reserves. So long as our principal equity sponsors continue to own a significant amount of our equity interests, they will continue to strongly influence and control the decisions related to our Company. In addition, our principal equity
sponsors may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us and, therefore, have interests that may conflict with the interests of our Company.  
     Item     1B.       Unresolved Staff Comments    
 Not applicable.  
     Item     2.       Properties.    
  Our Properties     Information with respect
to our hospitals and other healthcare related properties can be found below in this Report.    Our principal executive offices in Franklin,
Tennessee are located in approximately 61,000 square feet of office space. Our office space is leased pursuant to a lease contract, which expires on December 31, 2020.  
 Our principal executive offices, hospitals and other facilities are suitable for their respective uses and generally are adequate for our
present needs. Our obligations under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities are secured by, among other things, mortgage liens on all of our material real property and that of certain of our subsidiaries, including the properties listed below. Also,
our properties are subject to various federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating their operation. Our management does not believe that maintaining compliance with such statutes and ordinances will materially affect our financial
position or results of operations.  
      58  

Table of Contents  

  We operate 17 acute care hospital facilities and one behavioral health hospital facility. Each of
our hospitals is included in the acute care operations of our business, as discussed in Note 13 (Segment and Geographic Information) to our audited, consolidated financial statements in this Report. We own ten and lease seven of our hospital
facilities. Thirteen of our acute care hospitals are partially owned by unaffiliated third-party investors through nine different partnerships. The following table contains information concerning our hospitals.  

Hospitals   
    
  City  

Licensed Beds  

Utah   

Davis Hospital and Medical Center(1)  

Layton 

220 

Jordan Valley Medical Center(2)  

West Jordan 

172 

Jordan Valley Medical Center West Valley Campus(3)  

West Valley City 

102 

Mountain Point Medical Center(4)  

Lehi 

40 

Salt Lake Regional Medical Center(5)  

Salt Lake City 

158 

Arizona   

Mountain Vista Medical Center(6)  

Mesa 

178 

St. Luke s Medical Center(7)  

Phoenix 

200 

St. Luke s Behavioral Health Center  

Phoenix 

124 

Tempe St. Luke s Hospital(8)  

Tempe 

87 

Texas   

Odessa Regional Medical Center(9)  

Odessa 

225 

Southwest General Hospital(10)  

San Antonio 

327 

St. Joseph Medical Center(11)  

Houston 

790 

The Medical Center of Southeast Texas(12)  

Port Arthur 

199 

The Medical Center of Southeast Texas Victory Campus(13)  

Beaumont 

17 

Wadley Regional Medical Center(14)  

Texarkana 

370 

Louisiana   

Glenwood Regional Medical Center(15)  

West Monroe 

278 

Arkansas   

Wadley Regional Medical Center at Hope(16)  

Hope 

79 

Colorado   

Pikes Peak Regional Hospital(17)  

Woodland Park 

15 

Total  

3,581 

(2) 
 On July 1, 2007, Jordan Valley acquired Jordan Valley Medical Center West Valley Campus, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IASIS. The combined entity is owned by a limited partnership in which we own a 96.0%
interest; a  physician-owned hospital  as defined under 42 U.S.C.  1395nn.    

(3) 
 A separate campus of Jordan Valley, which is leased under an agreement that expires on September 30, 2028. We have options to extend the term of the lease, which includes two renewal options of five years each.

(4) 
 A separate campus of Jordan Valley that opened in June 2015.    

(6) 
 Mountain Vista Medical Center is leased under an agreement that expires on September 30, 2028, and includes two renewal options of five years each. The operations are owned by a limited partnership in which we own
a 93.9% interest; a  physician-owned hospital  as defined under 42 U.S.C.  1395nn.    

(7) 
 On September 28, 2007, St. Luke s Medical Center acquired Tempe St. Luke s Hospital, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IASIS.    

(8) 
 A separate campus of St. Luke s Medical Center.    

(9) 
 Owned by a limited partnership in which we own an 88.5% interest; a  physician-owned hospital  as defined under 42 U.S.C.  1395nn.    

59  

Table of Contents  

(12) 
 The Medical Center of Southeast Texas is leased under an agreement that expires on September 30, 2028, and includes two renewal options of five years each. The operations are owned by a limited partnership in which
we own an 88.1% interest; a  physician-owned hospital  as defined under 42 U.S.C.  1395nn.    

(13) 
 A separate campus of The Medical Center of Southeast Texas that was acquired in September 2015.    

(14) 
 Wadley Regional Medical Center ( Wadley ) is leased under an agreement that expires on March 31, 2017, with up to 51 automatic two year renewal periods. The operations are owned by a limited liability
company in which we own a 74.2% interest; a  physician-owned hospital  as defined under 42 U.S.C.  1395nn.    

(15) 
 Glenwood is leased under an agreement that expires on September 30, 2028, and includes two renewal options for a total of seven years. This facility includes Ouachita, a surgical hospital with 10 licensed beds,
which is owned by Glenwood.    

(16) 
 Owned by Brim Healthcare of Texas, LLC, the same wholly-owned subsidiary of IASIS that owns a majority equity interest in Wadley.    

(17) 
 Pikes Peak Regional Hospital is leased under an agreement that expires on September 11, 2017, and is subject to three five-year renewal periods at our option.    
 The limited partnership agreements for our physician-owned hospitals provide the limited partners with put rights which allow the units to be
sold back to us, subject to certain limitations, at the fair value of the units. See Note 2, Significant accounting policies, to our audited, consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report.  
 We also operate and lease medical office buildings which are occupied primarily by physicians who practice at our hospitals. We lease office
space in the states where our managed care business operates. Health Choice currently maintains business offices in the Phoenix, Arizona, Salt Lake City, Utah and Tampa, Florida markets. We believe these lease arrangements are adequate to meet our
managed care services operational needs for the foreseeable future.        Item     3.    
  Legal Proceedings .     None.  
     Item     4.       Mine Safety Disclosures .   
 Not applicable.  
      60  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   
     Item     5.       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.      There is no established public trading market for our common interests. At
December 21, 2016, all of our common interests were owned by IAS.    See  Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters,  of this Report for information regarding our equity compensation plans.      
  Item     6.       Selected Financial Data.      The following table presents selected
historical financial data for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, and was derived from our audited, consolidated financial statements.  
 Our audited, consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, together with the related report of
the independent registered public accounting firm, are included under  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of this Report. The selected financial information and other data presented below should be read in
conjunction with the information contained in  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Report and the audited, consolidated financial statements and the related notes
thereto included under  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of this Report.      
 
      61  

Table of Contents  

   Selected Operating Data   
 The following table sets forth certain unaudited operating data for each of the periods presented.  

(1) 
 Excludes the impact of our Nevada and Florida operations, which are reflected in discontinued operations. Includes St. Luke s Behavioral Health Center in Phoenix, Arizona.    

(2) 
 Represents the average number of days that a patient stayed in our hospitals.    

(3) 
 Represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals that qualify for inpatient status. Management and investors use this number as a general measure of inpatient volume.    

(4) 
 Adjusted admissions and adjusted patient days are general measures of combined inpatient and outpatient volume. We compute adjusted admissions/patient days by multiplying admissions/patient days by gross patient revenue
and then dividing that number by gross inpatient revenue.    

(5) 
 Represents the number of days our beds were occupied by inpatients over the period.    

(6) 
 Includes the impact of the provision for bad debts as a component of revenue.    

(8) 
 Represents lives enrolled in Health Choice s MSO that provides management and administrative services to a large national insurer s Medicaid plan members in the Tampa and  panhandle  regions of
Florida.    

(9) 
 Represents attributed health plan member lives from other third-party payors for which Health Choice Preferred accountable care networks manage medical care and participating providers and Health Choice share associated
financial risks. This excludes 28,100 and 46,600 attributed Health Choice plan member lives as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

(10) 
 Represents medical claims expense as a percentage of premium revenue, including claims paid to our hospitals.    
      62  

Table of Contents  

Item     7.        Management s   
   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .       The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  our audited,
consolidated financial statements, the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, and the other financial information appearing under  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of this Report. We intend for
this discussion to provide you with information that will assist you in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those
changes. It includes the following sections:      

Executive Overview;        

Results of Operations Summary;        

Liquidity and Capital Resources; and        

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.      Data for the years ended September 30, 2016,
2015 and 2014, have been derived from our audited, consolidated financial statements.     EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW   
 We are a healthcare services company delivering high-quality, cost-effective healthcare through a broad and differentiated set of capabilities
and assets that includes acute care hospitals with related patient access points, and a diversified and growing managed care risk platform. Our business model is centered on deploying our acute care expertise and risk platform, either separately or
on an integrated basis to manage population health, integrate the delivery and payment of healthcare services and ultimately expand our total market opportunities within our existing and new geographic markets. Our business consists of two operating
segments: (i) our acute care operations, which, as of September 30, 2016, included 17 acute care hospitals, one behavioral health hospital and multiple other access points, including 147 physician clinics, multiple outpatient surgical
units, imaging centers, and investments in urgent care centers and  on-site  employer-based clinics, and (ii) our managed care operations, comprised of our diversified and growing risk platform, Health
Choice, which operates managed Medicaid and Medicare health plans and an MSO that provides management and administrative services to third-party insurers, as well as accountable care networks in conjunction with our acute care facilities.  
   Acute Care Operations      As of
September 30, 2016, we owned or leased 17 acute care hospital facilities and one behavioral health hospital facility with a total of 3,581 licensed beds, several outpatient service facilities and 147 physician clinics.  
 We operate our hospitals with a strong community focus by offering and developing healthcare services targeted to the needs of the markets we
serve, promoting strong relationships with physicians and working with local managed care plans to develop quality and outcome driven, cost-efficient and innovative reimbursement models. Our major acute care geographic markets include Salt Lake
City, Utah; Phoenix, Arizona; five cities in Texas, including Houston, San Antonio and Odessa; and West Monroe, Louisiana.    Since our
Company was founded in 1998, we believe we have developed a reputation for operating hospitals that deliver high quality care in our markets at rates that are often more affordable than many other hospitals in our markets with larger local market
share than us. Our corporate and divisional infrastructure allows us to leverage savings in information technology services, revenue cycle, hospital supplies, and labor force costs.  
   Managed Care Operations      Health
Choice, headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, began providing managed Medicaid services under contract with AHCCCS in 1990, making it one of the nation s first Medicaid managed care plans. Under our ownership beginning in 1999, Health Choice has
evolved into a managed care organization and insurer which, while growing its core managed Medicaid business, has expanded to serve certain Medicare Advantage members and is utilizing its population health management expertise to offer  MSO-related  services to other payors. In collaboration with our hospitals and affiliated physicians in certain of our markets, Health Choice also manages accountable care provider networks.  
 Health Choice provides the Company with the ability to engage in innovative value-based purchasing initiatives and opportunities. Its
leadership team has considerable experience in population health management, physician relations and network development. We believe Health Choice also deploys state of the art disease management and claims processing technology. In light of the
current healthcare industry trends toward integrated delivery and clinical integration, we are seeking to use Health Choice s expertise and technology in the management of the accountable care provider networks we offer to other health plans.
 
      63  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Health Choice s related entities managed healthcare services
for 677,900 covered lives through multiple health plans, accountable care networks,  MSO-related  services and other managed care solutions. These include 276,800 managed Medicaid lives served primarily through
Health Choice s core health plan business in Arizona, 225,100 HCIC plan members, 9,500 Medicare Advantage Dual members, 11,400 Exchange lives, 98,000 MSO lives and 85,200 lives attributed to our accountable care networks from multiple payors
whose care is managed by our network providers, of which 28,100 lives are members in Health Choice s managed Medicaid and Exchange plans.     Recent
Developments       Health Choice to Exit Arizona Marketplace Exchange Business.   As of January 1, 2017, Health Choice will
exit the Arizona marketplace exchange. Our decision to exit the exchange was driven by the instability of the Health Reform marketplace, uncertainty and lack of funding around government premium stabilization programs, and the overall nature of the
related regulatory environment. During the year ended September 30, 2016, our managed care division incurred pre-tax losses related to its Arizona marketplace exchange product totaling $19.0 million, compared to  pre-tax  net income of $37,000 in the prior year. Included in these losses for the year ended September 30, 2016, is a premium deficiency reserve of $7.5 million and $10.8 million in final and
estimated unfavorable risk adjustment transfer settlements.      Health Choice Integrated Behavioral Health Joint Venture.   On
October 1, 2015, Health Choice, together with a joint venture partner, began operating an integrated acute and behavioral health plan in Northern Arizona. The joint venture, HCIC, provides standalone behavioral health benefits for 225,100 plan
members in Northern Arizona, and acute and behavioral care on an integrated basis for 5,400 members who are seriously mentally ill. We believe that in the future, states other than Arizona may adopt this model of integration of acute and behavioral
health benefits under one managed care organization, such as HCIC. Health Choice owns 52% of the joint venture and NARBHA owns 48% of the joint venture.  
   Operational Improvements in Our Houston Operations.   On January 14, 2016, CMS entered into a Systems Improvement Agreement
( SIA ), with our Houston hospital, SJMC. CMS agreed to stay the scheduled termination of SJMC s Medicare Provider Agreement during the pendency of the SIA, an action which resulted from surveys of the hospital that identified alleged
failures to comply with certain Medicare program conditions of participation. As required by the terms of the SIA, we have retained an independent consultant who conducted a comprehensive review, including analysis of the hospital s current
operations, and developed a remediation plan, which was submitted to and approved by CMS in June 2016. The SIA is scheduled to expire in July 2017, following an  on-site  survey by CMS, provided that SJMC
demonstrates compliance with the Medicare conditions of participation for hospitals. As a result of these events, during the year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $8.9 million of costs related to the SIA process and operational
related improvements. Additionally, we experienced a decline in volume as compared to prior year, for which we have been experiencing a recovery during recent months.  
   Jordan Valley Opens New Cancer Center.   In August 2016, we opened our new Jordan Valley Cancer Center, which provides radiation,
medical and surgical oncology services in support of the community surrounding Jordan Valley. This facility is a 24,000 square foot health care facility specializing in breast, gastrointestinal, gynecological, neurological and urological cancers.
With a highly experienced team of healthcare professionals, the center uses advanced technologies and specialized treatments to serve the oncology needs of the local community.  
   Opening of Hospital in Lehi, Utah.   We opened our new expandable inpatient and outpatient hospital in fast-growing Lehi, Utah,
called Mountain Point Medical Center, as a provider-based campus of Jordan Valley, in the latter half of our fiscal year 2015. The campus provides a full range of services, including inpatient intensive care, obstetrics and surgical services. The
campus also provides cardiology services, which include a cardiac catheterization lab. Additional outpatient services include emergency, imaging, lab and outpatient surgery. The campus was designed to serve the growing transition to
outpatient-related services and was constructed with the capability to expand depending on community need and demand for services in the Lehi area. A medical office building has been constructed immediately adjacent to, and connected with, the
hospital to be occupied by primary care and multi-specialty physician groups practicing in the area. We incurred more than $80.0 million in total costs to complete the construction and equipping of this hospital campus. Mountain Point Medical
Center serves eight cities in northern Utah County and is in the fastest growing area within the state of Utah. Our 2016 fiscal year was Mountain Point Medical Center s first full fiscal year of operations.  
   Odessa Regional Medical Center South Campus.   Our 2016 fiscal year represented our first full fiscal year operating Odessa
Regional Medical Center s ( ORMC ) South Campus. In June 2015, ORMC purchased the assets of Basin Healthcare Center, a 14-bed surgical hospital located near ORMC s main campus. Basis was renamed Odessa Regional Medical Center
South Campus, and its addition increases ORMC s surgical and diagnostic capabilities to deliver high quality inpatient and outpatient services.  
      64  

Table of Contents  

    Medical Center of Southeast Texas Victory Campus  . Our hospital in Port Arthur,
Texas, The Medical Center of Southeast Texas acquired the assets of Victory Medical Center, a  17-bed  inpatient facility located in Beaumont, Texas, immediately before the commencement of our 2016 fiscal year.
The Beaumont facility has been renamed The Medical Center of Southeast Texas Victory Campus. The new campus will enhance our ability to provide accessible healthcare to the residents of Beaumont and the surrounding communities.  
  Revenue and Volume Trends     Total revenue
for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased $483.3 million or 17.5% compared to the prior year. Total revenue is comprised of acute care revenue, which is recorded net of the provision for bad debts, and premium, service and other
revenue. Acute care revenue increased $78.8 million or 4.2% compared to the prior year, while premium, service and other revenue in our managed care operations increased $404.5 million or 45.7% compared to the prior year.  
   Acute Care Revenue      Acute care
revenue is comprised of net patient revenue and other revenue. A large percentage of our hospitals  net patient revenue consists of fixed payment, discounted sources, including Medicare, Medicaid and managed care organizations. Reimbursement
for Medicare and Medicaid services are often fixed regardless of the cost incurred or the level of services provided. Similarly, a greater percentage of the managed care companies we contract with reimburse providers on a fixed payment basis
regardless of the costs incurred or the level of services provided. Net patient revenue is reported net of discounts and contractual adjustments. The contractual adjustments principally result from differences between the hospitals  established
charges and payment rates under Medicare, Medicaid and various managed care plans. Additionally, discounts and contractual adjustments result from our uninsured discount and charity care programs. Acute care revenue is reported net of the provision
for doubtful accounts. Other revenue includes medical office building rental income and other miscellaneous revenue.    Admissions and
adjusted admissions increased 0.1% and 1.4%, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of our Houston operations, admissions and adjusted admissions increased 1.5% and 2.4%,
respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year. For the year ended September 30, 2016, our outpatient volumes were positively impacted by increases in outpatient surgeries of 6.5%, however, emergency room
visits decreased 0.6%, each compared to the prior year.    The following table provides the sources of our hospitals  gross patient
revenue by payor before discounts, contractual adjustments and the provision for bad debts:      
   The following table provides the sources of our hospitals  net patient revenue before the provision for
bad debts by payor:      
 
      65  

Table of Contents  

  See  Item 1 Business Sources of Revenue  Acute Care Revenue  and
 Item 1 Business Government Regulation and Other Factors  included elsewhere in this Report for a description of the types of payments we receive for services provided to patients enrolled in the traditional Medicare plan,
managed Medicare plans, Medicaid plans, managed Medicaid plans and managed care plans. In those sections, we also discuss the unique reimbursement features of the traditional Medicare plan, including the annual Medicare regulatory updates published
by CMS that impact reimbursement rates for services provided under the plan. We also discuss the future potential impact to reimbursement for certain of these payors under the Health Reform Law.  
  Industry Developments and Other Items Impacting Our Company   
  Two Midnight Rule     In 2013, CMS issued the
 two midnight rule,  which revised its longstanding guidance to hospitals and physicians relating to when hospital inpatient admissions are deemed to be reasonable and necessary for payment under Medicare Part A. Under the two midnight
rule, in addition to services that are designated as inpatient-only, surgical procedures, diagnostic tests and other treatments provided to Medicare beneficiaries are only payable as inpatient services under Medicare Part A when there is a
reasonable expectation that the hospital care is medically necessary and will be required across two midnights, absent unusual circumstances. Conversely, hospital stays in which the physician expects the beneficiary to require care that spans less
than two midnights are generally inappropriate for payment under Medicare Part A, and should be treated and billed as outpatient services under Part B. The increased scrutiny regarding short-stay admissions by Medicare and other payors has
contributed, in part, to the decline in  1-day  stays and the increase in observation patients experienced during the last two years.  
 In 2015, CMS clarified that stays expected to need less than two midnights of hospital care may be payable under Medicare Part A on a   case-by-case   basis, based on the judgment of the admitting physician, but such cases are subject to medical review. CMS has indicated it expects that inpatient stays under 24
hours will rarely qualify for an exception to the two midnight benchmark.    QIOs conduct reviews of short inpatient stays to determine
hospital compliance with the inpatient admission and medical review criteria, referring claim denials to MACs for payment adjustments. Providers that exhibit persistent noncompliance with the two midnight rule may be referred to RACs. We cannot
predict the impact on reimbursement of any changes or clarifications by CMS to the two midnight rule or its enforcement, whether by CMS or Congress.  
  Budget Control Act and Sequestration     The
BCA increased the nation s borrowing authority and takes steps to reduce federal spending and the deficit. The deficit reduction portion of the BCA imposes caps, which began in federal fiscal year 2012, that reduce discretionary spending by
more than $900 billion over ten years. The BCA also requires automatic spending reductions of $1.2 trillion for federal fiscal years 2013 through 2021, minus any deficit reductions enacted by Congress and debt service costs. The spending
reductions have been extended through federal fiscal year 2025. These automatic spending reductions are commonly referred to as  sequestration.  The spending reductions are split evenly between defense and
 non-defense  discretionary spending, although certain programs (including Medicaid and CHIP), are exempt from these automatic spending reductions, and Medicare expenditures cannot be reduced by more than two
percent per fiscal year. We are unable to predict what other deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by the President or Congress or what impact the results of the 2016 federal election may have on the potential restructuring or suspension of
sequestration. It is possible that changes in the law to end or restructure sequestration will result in greater spending reductions than currently required by the BCA.  
  State Medicaid Budgets     Over recent
years, the states in which we operate experienced budget constraints as a result of increased costs and lower than expected tax collections. Health and human services programs, including Medicaid and similar programs, represent a significant portion
of state budgets. The states in which we operate responded to these budget concerns, by decreasing funding for Medicaid and other healthcare programs or by making structural changes that resulted in a reduction in hospital reimbursement, as well as
more restrictive Medicaid eligibility requirements. In addition, many states have received waivers from CMS in order to implement or expand managed Medicaid programs.  
  Texas     The Texas legislature and the
THHSC recommended expanding Medicaid managed care enrollment in the state, and in December 2011, CMS approved a five-year Medicaid waiver, since extended through December 31, 2017, that: (1) allows Texas to expand its Medicaid managed care
program while preserving hospital funding; (2) provides incentive payments for improvements in healthcare delivery; and (3) directs more funding to hospitals that serve large numbers of uninsured patients. All of our acute care
 
      66  

Table of Contents  

hospitals in Texas currently receive supplemental Medicaid reimbursement, including reimbursement from programs for participating private hospitals that enter into indigent care affiliation
agreements with public hospitals or county governments in the state of Texas. Under the  CMS-approved  programs, affiliated hospitals, including our Texas hospitals, have expanded the community healthcare safety
net by providing indigent healthcare services. Revenue recognized under these Texas private supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs, including amounts recognized under the Texas Medicaid DSH program ( Texas Medicaid DSH ) for the
years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, was $109.9 million, $109.0 million and $106.7 million, respectively. Under the Medicaid waiver, funds are distributed to participating hospitals based upon both the costs associated
with providing care to individuals without third party coverage and the investment made to support coordinating care and quality improvements that transform the local communities  care delivery systems. The responsibility to coordinate and
develop plans that address the concerns of the local delivery care systems, including improved access, quality, cost effectiveness and coordination will be controlled primarily by public hospitals or local government entities that serve the
surrounding geographic areas. Complexities of the underlying methodologies in determining the funding for the state s Medicaid supplemental reimbursement programs, along with a lack of sufficient resources at THHSC to administer the programs,
have historically resulted in a delay in related reimbursements. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had $29.4 million and $77.6 million, respectively, in receivables due to our Texas hospitals in connection with these supplemental
reimbursement programs, which includes $3.6 million and $20.2 million, respectively, of amounts due under Texas Medicaid DSH. During the year ended September 30, 2016, we have received $65.2 million related to fiscal year 2015
receivables for Texas supplemental reimbursement programs.     Arizona   
 Beginning in July 2011, in an effort to control its budgeted expenditures and balance its budget, the state of Arizona implemented a plan to
reduce its eligible Medicaid beneficiaries, particularly childless adults. Following implementation of this plan by the state of Arizona, Health Choice experienced a significant decline through the end of our fiscal year 2013 in its enrollees,
premium revenue and related earnings.    Effective January 1, 2014, Arizona expanded its Medicaid program under the Health Reform Law,
which includes increased eligibility for adults, children and pregnant women, and the restoration of eligibility to childless adults that was previously eliminated. Primarily as a result of the Medicaid expansion, and also because of its increase in
total coverage area under its most recent AHCCCS contract, enrollment under Health Choice s Arizona Medicaid product line has increased significantly since January 1, 2014. Growth in covered lives under Health Choice s Arizona
Medicaid product was 7.3%, 15.5% and 13.9% for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, each compared to the prior year. This growth included various periods where we experienced a significant increase in newly enrolled
childless adults, which typically have higher medical utilization and acuity levels prior to effective management of their care. As a result, we, at times, experienced increased medical costs as we began to serve this newly enrolled population. In
addition, in connection with the expanded Medicaid coverage, the state implemented a provider assessment effective January 1, 2014, to fund a portion of the expanded eligibility related to the childless adult population. During the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we incurred $8.6 million, $8.4 million and $4.5 million, respectively, in provider fee assessments.  
 Further, while the Arizona legislature approved an expansion of Medicaid in 2013 which became effective on January 1, 2014, a lawsuit
filed by several state lawmakers has challenged the legality of a provider fee assessed to all providers and used to help pay for Arizona s Medicaid expansion. On August 26, 2015, the Arizona State Superior Court upheld the legality of the
provider fee, thus preserving the existing funding for Medicaid expansion in Arizona. The plaintiffs are appealing this decision. If the legality of the provider fee used to help fund Arizona s Medicaid expansion is ultimately successfully
challenged on appeal, this may result in the loss of certain funding for the state s Medicaid program, which could potentially result in changes that restrict eligibility and increase the number of uninsured individuals and adversely affecting
our operations in Arizona.    Arizona s Medicaid expansion in 2014, and Health Choice s related increase in enrolled members and
premium revenue, followed a period of several years during which AHCCCS tightened Medicaid eligibility standards in Arizona and decreased capitation rates paid to managed Medicaid contractors, reflecting state government budgetary pressures and a
struggling state economy. These efforts have impacted both our acute care and managed care operations.     Uncompensated Care   
 While the amount of uncompensated care, including discounts to the uninsured, bad debts and charity care, we deliver to the communities we
serve continues to remain high in comparison to historical levels, we have experienced declines in  self-pay  volume and revenue since the implementation of the Health Reform Law. During the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, our uncompensated care as a percentage of acute care revenue was 20.9%, 20.9% and 21.1%, respectively. During the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, our
 self-pay  admissions represented 6.2%, 6.2% and 6.9%, respectively, of our total admissions.  
      67  

Table of Contents  

  If we were to experience growth in uninsured volume and revenue, including as a result of any
successful legislative efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Reform Law following the 2016 federal elections, our uncompensated care may increase and our results of operations would be adversely affected.  
 The percentages of our insured and uninsured net hospital receivables are summarized as follows:  
   
   The percentages of hospital receivables in summarized aging categories are as follows:  
   
     Premium, Service and Other Revenue    
 Premium, service and other revenue generated by our managed care operations represented 39.6%, 31.9% and 27.9%, of our total revenue for the
years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Health Choice contracts with state Medicaid programs in Arizona and
Utah to provide specified health services to qualified Medicaid enrollees through contracted healthcare providers. Most of its premium revenue is derived through a contract with AHCCCS, the state agency that administers Arizona s Medicaid
program. The contract requires Health Choice to arrange for healthcare services for enrolled Medicaid patients in exchange for fixed monthly premiums, based upon negotiated per capita member rates, and supplemental payments from AHCCCS. Premium
revenue includes adjustments to revenue related to the program settlement process for the Arizona managed Medicaid plan under the related state contract. This program settlement process reconciles estimated amounts due to or from the state based on
the actual premium revenue and medical costs and contractually mandated limits on profits and losses. Although estimates of future program settlement amounts are recorded in current periods, the program settlement process typically occurs in the 18
months post-plan year, when actual (rather than projected) claims and member eligibility data become available and a net settlement amount is either due to or from the state. Adjustments to the estimates of future program settlement amounts are
recorded as a component of premium revenue.    Health Choice also contracts with CMS to provide coverage as a MAPD SNP. This contract allows
Health Choice to offer Medicare and Part D drug benefit coverage to new and existing dual-eligible members (i.e., those that are eligible for Medicare and Medicaid). In accordance with CMS regulations, SNPs are now expected to meet additional
requirements, including requirements relating to model of care, cost-sharing, disclosure of information and reporting of quality measures.  
 One notable provision of the Health Reform Law is the annual health insurer fee ( HIF ) that applies to most health plans, including
commercial health plans and Medicaid managed care plans like Health Choice. While characterized as a  fee  in the text of the Health Reform Law, the intent of Congress was to impose a broad based health insurance industry excise tax, with
the understanding that the tax could be passed on to consumers, most likely through higher commercial insurance premiums. However, because Medicaid is a government-funded program, Medicaid health plans have no alternative but to look to their
respective state partners for payment to offset the impact of this tax. Arizona has agreed to reimburse all of the managed Medicaid plans, for the economic impact of this fee. In addition to the reimbursement of the fee, the state of Arizona has
agreed to reimburse insurers for the impact resulting from these fees being treated as  non-deductible  for income tax purposes. For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized expense
for the HIF totaling $15.5 million, $11.9 million and $6.0 million, respectively, which was offset by expected reimbursement from the state of Arizona of $20.0 million, $15.7 million and $8.2 million respectively.
Effective January 1, 2017, the HIF will be placed on a one year moratorium.  
      68  

Table of Contents  

   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SUMMARY   
  Consolidated     The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, results of our consolidated operations expressed in dollar terms and as a percentage of total revenue. Such information has been derived from our audited, consolidated statements of operations.  

69  

Table of Contents  

  With the exception of the discussion on income taxes included below, see our following
year-over-year segment analyses for more details regarding our operating and financial results.     Income Taxes   
 The following discussion sets forth, for the periods indicated, the impact of income taxes on our consolidated results. Such information has
been derived from our audited, consolidated statements of operations.      Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Income tax expense  We recorded a benefit for income taxes from continuing operations of $22.0 million, resulting in an effective
tax rate of 15.9% for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to an income tax expense of $7.4 million, for an effective tax rate of 52.4% in the prior year. The change in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to (1) the decrease in
net earnings from continuing operations, which altered the rate impact of non-deductible expenses, non-controlling interests, and state income taxes including the Texas margins tax; (2) the $54.0 million goodwill impairment charge recorded in the
year ended September 30, 2016, of which $13.0 million is non-deductible for tax purposes; and (3) an increase in the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance charged to earnings (loss) from continuing operations was
$22.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2015.      Years Ended September 30,
2015 and 2014           Income tax expense  We recorded a provision for income taxes from continuing
operations of $7.4 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 52.4% for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to an income tax benefit of $2.5 million, for an effective tax rate of (1,737.5)% in the prior year. The change in
the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to certain adjustments recorded in the year ended September 30, 2014, including (1) the reversal of $3.7 million in previously recorded tax expense related to compensation deduction
limitations applicable to certain health insurers; (2) a $1.1 million tax benefit resulting from a change in our estimate of the state impact of deferred tax assets and liabilities; and (3) a $1.9 million charge related to
employee stock option exercises. The effective tax rate was also impacted by (1) an increase in the nondeductible HIF; (2) the increase in net earnings from continuing operations, which reduced the rate impact of nondeductible expenses
such as the HIF, as well as state income taxes including the Texas margins tax; and (3) the lower ratio of net earnings from  non-controlling  interests to net earnings from continuing operations, as
compared to the prior year.  
      70  

Table of Contents  

   Acute Care Operations   
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, results of our acute care operations expressed in dollar terms and as a percentage
of total acute care revenue. Such information has been derived from our audited, consolidated statements of operations.      

(1) 
 Revenue between segments is eliminated in our consolidated results.    
      71  

Table of Contents  

    Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Total acute care revenue    Total acute care revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016, was $1.98 billion, an increase of $80.4
million or 4.2% compared to $1.90 billion in the prior year. The increase in total acute care revenue during the year is primarily due to an increase in adjusted admissions of 1.4% and an increase in net patient revenue per adjusted admission of
2.5%, both compared to the prior year.    Net adjustments to estimated third-party payor settlements, also known as prior year contractuals,
resulted in an increase in total acute care revenue for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, of $3.1 million and $7.0 million, respectively.  
  Salaries and benefits    Salaries and benefits expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, was $910.7 million, or 46.0% of total
acute care revenue, compared to $878.7 million, or 46.2% of total acute care revenue in the prior year. Excluding the impact of stock-based compensation, salaries and benefits expense as a percentage of total acute care revenue was 45.7% for the
year ended September 30, 2016, compared to 45.8% in the prior year. Included in salaries and benefits for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $4.7 million and $0.2 million, respectively, of labor costs associated with our
systems improvement efforts at our Houston hospital.     Supplies    Supplies expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, was
$334.6 million, or 16.9% of total acute care revenue, compared to $321.5 million, or 16.9% of total acute care revenue in the prior year.  
  Rentals and leases    Rentals and leases expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, was $82.6 million, or 4.2% of total acute
care revenue, compared to $73.8 million, or 4.0% of total acute care revenue in the prior year. The increase in our rentals and leases expense includes the full year impact of our new leases associated with the expansion of our footprint, including
Victory Medical Center in Beaumont, Texas, two radiation oncology centers in the Houston, area, and a medical office building in Lehi, Utah.  
  Other operating expenses          Other operating expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016, were $480.0
million, or 24.1% of total acute care revenue, compared to $403.9 million, or 21.2% of total acute care revenue in the prior year. Other operating expenses were adversely impacted during the year ended September 30, 2016, by the unfavorable
development of a small number of prior year professional liability claims totaling $11.9 million, while the prior year included favorable development totaling $8.7 million associated with our professional liability reserves related to prior years.
Additionally, other operating expenses during the year ended September 30, 2016, were impacted by $4.1 million of costs related to our systems improvement efforts at our Houston hospital, $4.4 million of costs related to our ongoing clinical and
revenue cycle system conversion and an increase in certain legal and advisory related fees.      Years Ended September 30, 2015 and 2014
      Total acute care revenue    Total acute care revenue for the year ended September 30, 2015, was
$1.90 billion, an increase of $85.1 million or 4.7% compared to $1.82 billion in the prior year. The increase in total acute care revenue during the year is primarily due to an increase in adjusted admissions of 3.3% and an increase
in net patient revenue per adjusted admission of 1.5%, both compared to the prior year.    Net adjustments to estimated third-party payor
settlements, also known as prior year contractuals, resulted in an increase in total acute care revenue for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, of $7.0 million and $3.9 million, respectively.  
  Salaries and benefits    Salaries and benefits expense for the year ended September 30, 2015, was $878.7 million, or
46.2% of total acute care revenue, compared to $857.9 million, or 47.2% of total acute care revenue in the prior year. Excluding the impact of stock-based compensation, salaries and benefits expense as a percentage of total acute care revenue
was 45.8% for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to 46.6% in the prior year. The improvement in our salaries and benefits expense as a percentage of total acute care revenue, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation, is the
result of leveraging our growth in total acute care revenue, as well as a reduction in employee benefit costs, compared to the prior year.  
  Supplies    Supplies expense for the year ended September 30, 2015, was $321.5 million, or 16.9% of total acute care
revenue, compared to $299.5 million, or 16.5% of total acute care revenue in the prior year. The increase in supplies expense as a percentage of total acute care revenue is primarily attributable to an increase in implant costs associated with
the growth in certain cardiac and orthopedic surgical procedures, as well as an increase in drug costs.     Other operating expenses
   Other operating expenses for the year ended September 30, 2015, were $403.9 million, or 21.2% of total acute care revenue, compared to $386.0 million, or 21.3% of total acute care revenue in the prior year.  
      72  

Table of Contents  

   Managed Care Operations   
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, results of our managed care operations expressed in dollar terms and as a percentage
of premium, service and other revenue. Such information has been derived from our audited, consolidated statements of operations.      
     
     Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Premium revenue  Premium revenue was $1.25 billion for the year ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $402.7 million or 47.7%,
compared to $844.2 million in the prior year. The increase in premium revenue was driven by the addition of HCIC, our Northern Arizona joint venture, which became effective on October 1, 2015, as well as membership growth in our other health plan
product lines. As of September 30, 2016, total lives served across all product lines increased 69.0% compared to the prior year. For the year ended September 30, 2016, enrollment in our Medicaid product line increased 7.4% compared to the prior
year. Premium revenue was negatively impacted by unfavorable final and estimated risk adjustment transfer settlements of $10.8 million related to our Arizona marketplace exchange, which we have notified Arizona regulators that we will exit effective
January 1, 2017.     Service and other revenue  Service and other revenue was $42.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2016,
an increase of $1.8 million or 4.4%, compared to $40.2 million in the prior year. Included in service and other revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016, was $20.0 million in revenue related to the reimbursement of the HIF assessed in
connection with the Health Reform Law, compared to $15.7 million in the prior year.     Salaries and benefits  Salaries and
benefits expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, was $76.5 million, or $5.9% of premium, service and other revenue, compared to $54.2 million, or 6.1% of premium, service and other revenue in the prior year.  
  Medical claims  Medical claims expense was $1.15 billion for the year ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $404.2 million or
54.0%, compared to $749.2 million in the prior year. Medical claims expense as a percentage of premium revenue, or MLR, related to our health plan products was 92.5% for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to 88.7% in the prior year.
Excluding the impact of our Arizona marketplace exchange product, our MLR for the year ended September 30, 2016, was 91.2%, compared to 88.8% in the prior year. The remaining increase in MLR was driven primarily by the impact of rising pharmacy
costs, particularly related to high-cost specialty drugs, increased acuity levels for certain higher cost enrollment groups, as well as growth in new members with higher medical costs.  
      73  

Table of Contents  

   Other operating expenses  Other operating expenses for the year ended September 30,
2016, were $72.8 million, or 5.7% of premium, service and other revenue, compared to $62.0 million, or 7.0% of premium, service and other revenue in the prior year. Other operating expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016, include the impact
of $3.6 million in incremental HIF related expenses. The decrease in other operating expenses as a percentage of premium, service and other revenue is due primarily to leveraging the growth in membership and premium revenue.  
   Years Ended September 30, 2015 and 2014    
  Premium revenue  Premium revenue was $844.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, an increase of
$157.2 million or 22.9%, compared to $687.0 million in the prior year. The increase in premium revenue was driven by membership growth in our health plan product lines. As of September 30, 2015, total lives served across all product
lines increased 22.5% compared to the prior year. For the year ended September 30, 2015, enrollment in our Medicare and Medicaid product lines increased 13.8% and 20.3%, respectively, compared to the prior year. Premium revenue for our managed
Medicaid product line has been favorably impacted by the expansion of the Medicaid program in connection with the Health Reform Law. For the year ended September 30, 2015, premium revenue on a per member per month basis for our health plan
products increased 2.1% compared to the prior year.     Service and other revenue  Service and other revenue was
$40.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to $12.3 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by revenue from our MSO subsidiary, which began operations on June 1, 2014. Additionally, during
the year ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $15.7 million of revenue related to reimbursement of the HIF assessed in connection with the Health Reform Law, compared to $8.2 million in the prior year.  
  Salaries and benefits  Salaries and benefits expense for the year ended September 30, 2015, was $54.2 million, or 6.1% of
premium, service and other revenue, compared to $34.9 million, or 5.0% of premium, service and other revenue in the prior year. Salaries and benefits for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to the prior year have been impacted by
additional employees associated with our new MSO subsidiary, which began operations on June 1, 2014.     Medical
claims  Medical claims expense was $749.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to $609.9 million in the prior year. Medical claims expense as a percentage of premium revenue, or MLR, related to our health
plan products was 88.7% for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to 88.8% in the prior year. Excluding the impact of prior period medical expense development, our MLR for the year ended September 30, 2015, was 87.0%, compared to
89.6% in the prior year. The decline in our adjusted MLR for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to the prior year, was primarily attributable to improvements in medical costs resulting from effectively managing the care of
Arizona s childless adult population subsequent to the expansion of the state s Medicaid program on January 1, 2014.  
  Other operating expenses  Other operating expenses for the year ended September 30, 2015, were $62.0 million, or 7.0% of
premium, service and other revenue, compared to $41.0 million, or 5.9% of premium, service and other revenue in the prior year. Other operating expenses for the year ended September 30, 2015, included the impact of $5.9 million in
incremental  HIF-related  expenses.  
      74  

Table of Contents  

   Summary of Operations by Quarter   
 The following table presents unaudited quarterly operating results for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We believe that all
necessary adjustments have been included in the amounts stated below to present fairly the quarterly results when read in conjunction with the audited, consolidated financial statements. Results of operations for any particular quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results of operations for a full year or predictive of future periods.      
    LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
  Overview of Cash Flow Activities for the Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
 Our cash flows are summarized as follows (in thousands):      
    Operating Activities   
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were $135.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to
$170.5 million in the prior year. During the year ended September 30, 2016, operating cash flows declined as a result of losses due primarily to the performance of our Arizona marketplace exchange product, rising pharmacy costs, including
specialty drugs, increased medical costs associated with higher acuity members at Health Choice, operational costs and lost volume associated with the SIA at our Houston hospital and reductions in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, including
reductions in DSH and other supplemental reimbursement programs.    At September 30, 2016, we had $353.3 million in net working
capital, compared to $508.7 million at September 30, 2015. Net accounts receivable increased $24.6 million to $342.4 million at September 30, 2016, from $317.7 million at September 30, 2015.  
  Investing Activities     Cash flows used in
investing activities were $131.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to $125.6 million in the prior year. Purchases of property and equipment for the year ended September 30, 2016, were $123.1 million,
which included $22.6 million related to our on-going conversion to a new integrated clinical and revenue cycle system, compared to $141.7 million in the prior year, which included $29.0 million to complete the construction of a new
greenfield hospital campus in Lehi, Utah. During the year ended September 30, 2015, we acquired the assets of Victory Medical Center of Beaumont and Basin Healthcare Center in Odessa for a combined total of $25.3 million. Also included in
the year ended September 30, 2015, was $42.6 million in proceeds received from the sale of our Nevada operations.  
      75  

Table of Contents  

   Financing Activities   
 Cash flows used in financing activities were $37.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to $7.6 million in
the prior year. Included in the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were principal debt payments totaling $10.1 million. Also during the year ended September 30, 2016, we made financing obligation payments totaling $8.0 million
related to our on-going conversion to a new integrated clinical and revenue cycle system and $5.2 million in payments associated with the extension of our revolving credit facility in February 2016. During the year ended September 30,
2015, we received $12.0 million in proceeds from lease financing related to the construction of a medical office building completed as part of our new greenfield hospital campus opened that year. During the year ended September 30, 2016,
distributions to  non-controlling  interest holders totaled $10.5 million, compared to $8.2 million in the prior year.  
  Capital Resources     As of
September 30, 2016, we had the following debt arrangements:      

$1.232 billion in Senior Secured Credit Facilities; and        
   At September 30, 2016, amounts
outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities consisted of $969.3 million in term loans. In addition, we had $96.1 million in letters of credit outstanding under the revolving credit facility. The weighted average interest rate of
outstanding borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities was 4.5% for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to 4.5% in the prior year.  
  Amended Term Loan Facility     We are a
party to a senior credit agreement (the  Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ) with Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent, which provides for a $1.025 billion senior secured term loan facility maturing in
May 2018 (the  Term Loan Facility ). Principal under the Term Loan Facility is due in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to 1% of the principal amount of $1.007 billion outstanding as of the effective
date, February 20, 2013, of a repricing amendment, with the remaining balance due upon maturity of the Term Loan Facility.  
 Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (1) a base rate determined by
reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) the prime rate (determined by reference to The Wall Street Journal) and (c) a  one-month  LIBOR rate, subject to a floor of
1.25%, plus 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin of 2.25% per annum or (2) the LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, subject to a floor of 1.25%, plus a margin of 3.25% per annum.  
 The Term Loan Facility is unconditionally guaranteed by IAS and certain of our subsidiaries (collectively, the  Subsidiary
Guarantors  IAS and the Subsidiary Guarantors, the  Guarantors ) and is required to be guaranteed by all of our future material wholly-owned subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. All obligations under the Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of our assets and the assets of the Guarantors, including (1) a pledge of 100% of our equity interests and the equity interests held by us and the Subsidiary
Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions, (2) mortgage liens on all of our material real property and that of the Guarantors and (3) all proceeds of the foregoing.  
 The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement requires us to mandatorily prepay borrowings under the Term Loan Facility with net cash proceeds of
certain asset dispositions, following certain casualty events, following certain borrowings or debt issuances and from a percentage of annual excess cash flow.  
 The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains certain restrictive covenants, including, among other things: (1) limitations on the
incurrence of debt and liens; (2) limitations on investments other than, among other exceptions, certain acquisitions that meet certain conditions; (3) limitations on the sale of assets outside of the ordinary course of business;
(4) limitations on dividends and distributions; and (5) limitations on transactions with affiliates, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default,
including, without limitation, a failure to make payments under the Term Loan Facility, cross-defaults, certain bankruptcy events and certain change of control events.  
      76  

Table of Contents  

   Revolving Credit Facility   
 We are a party to a revolving credit agreement (the  Revolving Credit Agreement ) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
( JPMorgan ), as administrative agent, which provides for a $207.4 million senior secured revolving credit facility, of which up to $125.0 million may be utilized for the issuance of letters of credit (the  Revolving Credit
Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility matures in February 2021 (the  Stated Revolver Maturity Date ), provided that, if prior to the Stated Revolver Maturity Date, (x) any loans are outstanding under the Term Loan Facility on
the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date under the Term Loan Facility (such date, the  Springing Term Maturity Date ) or (y) any notes are outstanding under our indenture, dated as of May 3, 2011, by and among IASIS,
IAS and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to our Senior Notes (the  Indenture ), on the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date under the Indenture (such date, the  Springing Notes Maturity
Date ), then the maturity date will automatically become the earlier of the Springing Term Maturity Date or the Springing Notes Maturity Date.  
 The Revolving Credit Agreement provides us with the right to request additional commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility without the
consent of the lenders thereunder, subject to a cap on aggregate commitments of $300.0 million, a pro forma senior secured net leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) of less than or equal to 3.75 to 1.00 and customary
conditions precedent.    The Revolving Credit Facility does not require installment payments prior to maturity.  
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (1) a base rate
determined by reference to the highest of (a) the prime rate of JPMorgan, (2) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (3) a LIBOR rate subject to certain adjustments plus 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin of 2.50% per annum or
(2) the LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, plus a margin of 3.50% per annum. In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Revolving Credit Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee
on the unutilized commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, as well as pay customary letter of credit fees and agency fees.    The
Revolving Credit Facility is unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors and is required to be guaranteed by all of our future material wholly-owned subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. All obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement
are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of our assets and the assets of the Guarantors, including (1) a pledge of 100% of our equity interests and the equity interests held by us and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject
to certain exceptions, (2) mortgage liens on all of our material real property and that of the Guarantors and (3) all proceeds of the foregoing.  
 The Revolving Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants and events of default substantially similar to the restrictive covenants and
events of default in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement; provided, that under the Revolving Credit Agreement, we are required to maintain, on a quarterly basis, a maximum senior secured gross leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit
Agreement). In addition, certain of the baskets available to us under the negative covenants in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are suspended under the Revolving Credit Agreement until such time, if any, as we have consummated a qualifying
underwritten public offering and achieved a specified total gross leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement).     8.375% Senior Notes
due 2019     We, together with our wholly owned subsidiary IASIS Capital Corporation (together, the  Issuers ) issued an
$850.0 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, which mature on May 15, 2019, pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2011, among the Issuers and certain of the Issuers  wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that
guarantee the Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility. The Indenture provides that the Senior Notes are general unsecured, senior obligations of the Issuers, and initially will be unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis
by certain of our subsidiaries.    At September 30, 2016, the outstanding principal balance of the Senior Notes was
$849.9 million. The Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.375% per annum, payable semi-annually, in cash in arrears, on May 15 and November 15 of each year.  
 The Issuers may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part, at any time at a price equal to 102.094% of the aggregate principal amount of the
Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and special interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date, subject to compliance with certain conditions. On May 15, 2017, the redemption price declines 2.094 percentage points, at which
point and thereafter the redemption price is equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and special interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date.  
 The Indenture contains covenants that limit our (and our restricted subsidiaries ) ability to, among other things: (1) incur
additional indebtedness or liens or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; (2) pay dividends or make other distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; (3) sell certain assets; (4) make certain loans and
investments; (5) enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (6) impose restrictions on the ability of a subsidiary to pay dividends or make payments or distributions to us and our restricted subsidiaries; and (7) consolidate,
merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions.  
      77  

Table of Contents  

  The Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occurs, may permit or,
in certain circumstances, require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. If we experience certain kinds of changes of control, we must
offer to purchase the Senior Notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and special interest, if any, to but excluding the repurchase date. Under certain circumstances, we will have the ability to make certain payments
to facilitate a change of control transaction and to provide for the assumption of the Senior Notes by a new parent company resulting from such change of control transaction. If such change of control transaction is facilitated, the Issuers will be
released from all obligations under the Indenture and the Issuers and the trustee will execute a supplemental indenture effectuating such assumption and release.  
  Credit Ratings     The table below
summarizes our corporate rating, as well as our credit ratings for our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Senior Notes as of the date of this Report:      

Moody s  
    
  Standard   Poor s   

Corporate credit  
    
 B2 
    
 B  
 
   Senior secured term loan facility  
    
 Ba3 
    
 B  
 
   Senior secured revolving credit facility  
    
 Ba3 
    
 BB-  
 
   Senior Notes  
    
 Caa1 
    
 CCC+  
 
   Outlook  
    
 Stable 
    
 Stable  
    Other     We
executed interest rate swaps with Citibank, N.A. ( Citibank ) and Barclays Bank PLC ( Barclays ), as counterparties, with notional amounts totaling $350.0 million, of which $50.0 million expired on September 30,
2014, $100.0 million expired on September 30, 2015, and $200.0 million expired on September 30, 2016. Under the agreements, we were required to make quarterly fixed rate payments to our counterparty at an annual rate ranging from
1.6% to 2.2%. Our counterparties were obligated to make quarterly floating rate payments to us based on the three-month LIBOR rate, subject to a floor of 1.25%.  
  Capital Expenditures     We plan to finance
our proposed capital expenditures with cash generated from operations, borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities and other capital sources that may become available. We expect our capital expenditures for fiscal 2017 to be $125.0 million
to $135.0 million, including $30.0 million to $35.0 million related to our conversion of information systems.     Liquidity   
 We rely on cash generated from our operations as our primary source of liquidity, as well as available credit facilities, project and bank
financings and the issuance of long-term debt. From time to time, we have also utilized operating lease transactions that are sometimes referred to as  off-balance  sheet arrangements. We expect that our future
funding for working capital needs, capital expenditures, long-term debt repayments and other financing activities will continue to be provided from some or all of these sources. Each of our existing and projected sources of cash is impacted by
operational and financial risks that influence the overall amount of cash generated and the capital available to us. For example, cash generated by our business operations may be impacted by, among other things, economic downturns, federal and state
budget initiatives, weather-related catastrophes and adverse industry conditions. Our future liquidity will be impacted by our ability to access capital markets, which may be restricted due to our credit ratings, general market conditions, leverage
capacity and by existing or future debt agreements. For a further discussion of risks that can impact our liquidity, see  Item 1A. Risk Factors .  
 Including available cash at September 30, 2016, we have available liquidity as follows (in millions):  
   
   Net available liquidity assumes 100% participation from all lenders currently participating in our senior
secured revolving credit facility. In addition to our available liquidity, we expect to generate significant operating cash flows in fiscal 2017. We will also utilize proceeds from our financing activities as needed.  
      78  

Table of Contents  

  The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement requires us to prepay borrowings under the senior
secured term loan facility with net cash proceeds of certain asset dispositions unless such proceeds are reinvested within 12 months in existing facilities or 24 months in a greenfield construction project (36 months if there is a binding commitment
for such investment within such 12 or 24 month periods). The Indenture similarly requires us to make prepayments with net cash proceeds of certain asset dispositions unless such proceeds have been either reinvested or used to prepay our obligations
under the senior secured term loan facility within 365 days (an additional 180 days exists if there is a binding commitment for such investment).  
 Based upon our current level of operations and anticipated growth, we currently believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our cash
requirements over the short-term (next 12 months) and over the next three years. In evaluating the sufficiency of our liquidity for both the short-term and long-term, we have considered the expected cash flow to be generated by our operations, cash
on hand and the available borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, compared to our anticipated cash requirements for debt service, working capital, capital expenditures and the payment of taxes, as well as funding requirements for
long-term liabilities.    We are unable at this time to extend our evaluation of the sufficiency of our liquidity beyond three years. We
cannot assure you that our operating performance will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or otherwise, to enable us to grow our business, service our
indebtedness, or make anticipated capital expenditures and tax payments. For more information, see our risk factors in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of this Report.  
 One element of our business strategy is to selectively pursue acquisitions and strategic alliances in existing and new markets. Any
acquisitions or strategic alliances may result in the incurrence of, or assumption by us, of additional indebtedness. We continually assess our capital needs and may seek additional financing, including debt or equity as considered necessary to fund
capital expenditures and potential acquisitions or for other corporate purposes. Our future operating performance and our ability to service or refinance our debt will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other
factors, many of which are beyond our control. For more information, see our risk factors in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of this Report.  
 We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such entities often referred to as structured finance
or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating  off-balance  sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Accordingly, we are not materially exposed to any
financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.  
      79  

Table of Contents  

   Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations   
 The following table reflects a summary of obligations and commitments outstanding including both the principal and interest portions of
long-term debt, capital leases and other long-term obligations at September 30, 2016.      

(1) 
 We applied an interest rate of 4.5% to our Term Loan Facility and 8.375% to our Senior Notes.    

(2) 
 Excludes $2.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest that could result in a cash settlement, of which $2.5 million relates to timing differences between book and taxable income that may be
offset by a reduction of cash tax obligations in future periods. We have not included these amounts in the above table as we cannot reliably estimate the amount and timing of payments related to these liabilities.    
  Seasonality     The patient volumes and
total revenue at our healthcare operations are subject to seasonal variations and generally are greater during the quarter ended March 31 than other quarters. These seasonal variations are caused by a number of factors, including seasonal
cycles of illness, climate and weather conditions in our markets, vacation patterns of both patients and physicians and other factors relating to the timing of elective procedures and patient deductibles and co-insurance limits.  
  Inflation     We believe that hospital
industry operating margins have been, and may continue to be, under pressure because of changes in payor and service mix and growth in operating expenses in excess of the increase in prospective payments under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In
addition, as a result of increasing regulatory and competitive pressures, our ability to maintain operating margins through price increases is limited. Additionally, wages and other expenses increase during periods of labor shortage. We cannot
predict our ability to cover or offset future cost increases.  
      80  

Table of Contents  

   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing our
financial statements, we make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.    We have determined an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) the accounting
estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and (2) changes in the estimate would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
There are other items within our financial statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical as defined herein. Changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements.  
 The estimates, judgments and assumptions used by us under  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts,   Allowance for Contractual
Discounts and Settlement Estimates,   Insurance Reserves,   Medical Claims Payable,   Reinsurance,   Goodwill and Other Intangibles ,  Stock-based Compensation,  and  Income Taxes 
are, we believe, reasonable, but involve inherent uncertainties as described below, which may or may not be controllable by management. As a result, the accounting for such items could result in different amounts if management used different
assumptions or if different conditions occur in future periods.     Allowance for Doubtful Accounts.  Our ability to collect
outstanding receivables from third-party payors and patients is critical to our operating performance and cash flows. The primary collection risk lies with uninsured patient accounts or patient accounts for which primary insurance has paid but a
patient portion remains outstanding. The provision for bad debts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. Our estimation of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based primarily upon the type
and age of the patient accounts receivable and the effectiveness of our collection efforts. Our policy is to reserve a portion of all  self-pay  receivables, including amounts due from the uninsured and amounts
related to  co-payments  and deductibles, as these charges are recorded. We monitor our accounts receivable balances and the effectiveness of our reserve policies on a regular basis and review various analytics
to support the basis for our estimates. These efforts primarily consist of reviewing the following:      

Cash collections as a percentage of net patient revenue less bad debts;        

Changes in the aging and payor mix of accounts receivable, including increased focus on accounts due from the uninsured and accounts that represent  co-payments  and deductibles due
from patients;        

Revenue and volume trends by payor, particularly the  self-pay  components;        

Trending of days revenue in accounts receivable;        

Various allowance coverage statistics; and        

Historical  write-off  and collection experience using a hindsight or look-back approach.    
 We regularly perform hindsight procedures to evaluate historical  write-off  and collection experience
throughout the year to assist in determining the reasonableness of our process for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts. We do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who qualify for charity care under our guidelines. Charity
care accounts are deducted from gross revenue and do not affect the provision for bad debts.    At September 30, 2016 and 2015, our  self-pay  receivables, including amounts due from uninsured patients and  co-payment  and deductible amounts due from insured patients, were $279.1 million and
$276.7 million, respectively, while our allowance for doubtful accounts was $221.4 million and $210.1 million, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the provision for bad debts was 16.4%, 16.0% and
15.8%, respectively, of acute care revenue before provision for bad debts. Significant changes in payor mix or business office operations could have a significant impact on the provision for bad debts, as well as our results of operations and cash
flows.     Allowance for Contractual Discounts and Settlement Estimates.  We derive a significant portion of our net patient revenue
from Medicare, Medicaid and managed care payors that receive discounts from our standard charges. For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, Medicare, Medicaid and managed care revenue together accounted for 84.8%, 84.9% and 84.9%,
respectively, of our hospitals  net patient revenue before the provision for bad debts.  
      81  

Table of Contents  

  We estimate contractual discounts and allowances based upon payment terms outlined in our managed
care contracts, by federal and state regulations for the Medicare and various Medicaid programs, and in accordance with terms of our uninsured discount program. Contractual discounts for most of our patient revenue are determined by an automated
process that establishes the discount on a   patient-by-patient   basis. The payment terms or fee schedules for most payors have been entered into our patient accounting
systems. Automated (system-generated) contractual discounts are recorded, at the time a patient account is billed, based upon the system-loaded payment terms. In certain instances for payors that are not significant or who have not entered into a
contract with us, we make manual estimates in determining contractual allowances based upon historical collection rates. At the end of each month, we estimate contractual allowances for all unbilled accounts based on payor-specific  six-month  average contractual discount rates.    For governmental payors such as Medicare and Medicaid, we
determine contractual discounts or allowances based upon the program s reimbursement (payment) methodology (i.e., either prospectively determined or retrospectively determined based on costs as defined by the government payor). These
contractual discounts are determined by an automated process in a manner similar to the process used for managed care revenue. Under prospective payment programs, we record contractual discounts based upon predetermined reimbursement rates. For
retrospective cost-based revenues, which are less prevalent, we estimate contractual allowances based upon historical and current factors which are adjusted as necessary in future periods, when final settlements of filed cost reports are received.
Net adjustments to estimated third-party payor settlements, also known as prior year contractuals, resulted in an increase in acute care revenue of $3.1 million, $7.0 million and $3.9 million for the years ended September 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates
to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms that result from contract renegotiations and renewals. All contractual adjustments, regardless of type of payor or method of calculation, are reviewed and compared to
actual payment experience on an individual patient account basis. Discrepancies between expected and actual payments are reviewed, and as necessary, appropriate corrections to the patient accounts are made to reflect actual payments received. If a
discrepancy exists between the payment terms loaded into the contract management system and the actual discount based on payments received, the system is updated accordingly to ensure appropriate discounting of future charges.  
 Additionally, we rely on other analytical tools to ensure our contractual discounts are reasonably estimated. These include, but are not
limited to, monitoring of collection experience by payor, reviewing total patient collections as a percentage of net patient revenue (adjusted for the provision for bad debts) on a trailing twelve-month basis, gross to net patient revenue
comparisons, contractual allowance metrics, etc. As well, patient accounts are continually reviewed to ensure all patient accounts reflect either system-generated discounts or estimated contractual allowances, as necessary.  
 Medicare and Medicaid regulations and various managed care contracts are often complex and may include multiple reimbursement mechanisms for
different types of services provided in our healthcare facilities, requiring complex calculations and assumptions which are subject to interpretation. Additionally, the services authorized and provided and resulting reimbursement are often subject
to interpretation. These interpretations sometimes result in payments that differ from our estimates. Additionally, updates to regulations and contract renegotiations occur frequently, necessitating continual review and assessment of the estimation
process by management. We have made significant investments in our patient accounting information systems, human resources and internal controls, which we believe greatly reduces the likelihood of a significant variance occurring between the
recorded and estimated contractual discounts. Given that most of our contractual discounts are  pre-defined  or contractually based, and as a result of continual internal monitoring processes and our use of
analytical tools, we believe the aggregate differences between amounts recorded for initial contractual discounts and final contractual discounts resulting from payments received are not significant. Finally, we believe that having a wide variety
and large number of managed care contracts that are subject to review and administration on a   hospital-by-hospital   basis minimizes the impact on our total revenue of any
imprecision in recorded contractual discounts caused by the system-load of payment terms of a particular payor. We believe that our systems and processes, as well as other items discussed, provide reasonable assurance that any change in estimate
related to contractual discounts is immaterial to our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.     Insurance Reserves.
 Given the nature of our operating environment, we may become subject to professional and general liability or workers  compensation claims or lawsuits. We maintain third-party insurance coverage for individual malpractice and workers 
compensation claims to mitigate a portion of this risk. In addition, we maintain excess coverage limiting our exposure to an aggregate annual amount for claims. We estimate our reserve for self-insured professional and general liability and
workers  compensation risks using historical claims data, demographic factors, severity factors, current incident logs and other actuarial analysis. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, our professional and general liability accrual for
asserted and unasserted claims was $54.2 million and $52.7 million, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, our total premiums and self-insured retention cost for professional and general liability
insurance was $29.8 million, $3.8 million and $17.4 million, respectively.    The estimated accrual for professional and
general liability and workers  compensation claims could be significantly affected should current and future occurrences differ from historical claims trends. The estimation process is also complicated by the complexity and changing nature of
tort reform in the states in which we operate. While we monitor current claims closely and consider outcomes when estimating our insurance accruals, the complexity of the claims and wide range of potential outcomes often hampers timely adjustments
to the assumptions used in the estimates.  
      82  

Table of Contents  

  Valuations from our independent actuary for professional and general liability losses resulted in
a change in related estimates for prior years which increased (decreased) professional and general liability expense by the following amounts (in millions):      
   Our estimate of the reserve for professional and general liability claims is based upon actuarial calculations
that are completed semi-annually. The changes in estimates noted above were recognized in the periods in which the independent actuarial calculations were received. The key assumptions underlying the development of our estimate (loss development,
trends and increased limits factors) have not changed materially, as they are largely based upon professional liability insurance industry data published by the Insurance Services Office, a leading provider of data, underwriting, risk management and
legal/regulatory services. The changes in professional and general liability expense related to changes in prior year estimates reflected above for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, are the result of actual claims experience
that differ when compared to the industry benchmarks for loss development included in the original actuarial estimate.    Sensitivity in the
estimate of our professional and general liability claims reserve is reflected in various actuarial confidence levels. We utilize a statistical confidence level of 50% in developing our best estimate of the reserve for professional and general
liability claims. Higher statistical confidence levels, while not representative of our best estimate, provide a range of reasonably likely outcomes upon resolution of the related claims. The following table outlines our reported reserve amounts
compared to reserve levels established at the higher statistical confidence levels (in millions):      
   Valuations from our independent actuary for workers  compensation losses resulted in a change in related
estimates for prior years which decreased workers  compensation expense by the following amounts (in millions):      
 
      83  

Table of Contents  

   Medical Claims Payable.  Medical claims expense, excluding claims paid to our hospitals, was
$1.14 billion, $732.7 million and $596.8 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, $18.1 million, $16.5 million and
$13.1 million, respectively, of health plan payments made to hospitals and other healthcare entities owned by us for services provided to our enrollees were eliminated in consolidation.  
 The following table shows the components of the change in medical claims payable (in thousands):  
   
   As reflected in the table above, medical claims expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, includes
$18.2 million in increased medical costs related to prior years. This includes $1.4 million in increased prior year medical costs related to Health Choice s Arizona Exchange product, which we are exiting effective January 1,
2017. Excluding development from our Arizona Exchange product, medical claims expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, includes $16.8 million in increased medical costs related to prior years. This unfavorable development for the
year ended September 30, 2016, is attributable to higher than anticipated medical costs relating to increased acuity levels for certain higher cost enrollment groups and growth in new members who demonstrated pent up demand for care and higher
medical costs during their initial time of enrollment in the plan. Medical claims expense for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, includes a $17.0 million and $4.1 million increase, respectively, in medical costs related to
prior years resulting from changes in unfavorable development, which were primarily due to Arizona s expansion of the state s Medicaid program effective January 1, 2014, and the related increase in the childless adult population that
typically experiences higher medical costs.    Additional adjustments to prior year estimates may be necessary in future periods as more
information becomes available.  
      84  

Table of Contents  

  We estimate our medical claims payable using historical claims experience (including severity and
payment lag time) and other actuarial analysis including number of enrollees, age of enrollees and certain enrollee health indicators to predict the cost of healthcare services provided to enrollees during any given period. While management believes
that its estimation methodology effectively captures trends in medical claims costs, actual payments could differ significantly from our estimates given changes in healthcare costs or adverse experience. For example, our medical claims payable is
primarily composed of estimates related to the most recent three months and periods prior to the most recent three months. The claims trend factor, which is developed through a comprehensive analysis of claims incurred in prior months, is the most
significant component used in developing the claims liability estimates for the most recent three months. The completion factor is an actuarial estimate, based upon historical experience, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period
that have been adjudicated as of the date of estimation. The completion factor is the most significant component used in developing the claims liability estimates for the periods prior to the most recent three months. The following table illustrates
the sensitivity of our medical claims payable at September 30, 2016, and the estimated potential impact on our results of operations, to changes in these factors that management believes are reasonably likely based upon our historical
experience and currently available information (dollars in thousands):      
    Reinsurance.  We enter into reinsurance arrangements to reduce the risk associated with certain
higher-cost claims. We are not completely relieved of our liability to the ultimate insured, but our liability is limited to the credit risk exposure associated with the reinsurer. Premiums ceded to the reinsurer are recorded as a reduction to
premium revenue, and expected recoveries are recorded as a reduction to medical claims expense. Amounts receivable from reinsurers include both an estimate based upon actual known claims and an estimate associated with the incurred but not yet
reported portion of medical claims payable.     Goodwill and Other Intangibles.  The accounting policies and estimates related to
goodwill and other intangibles are considered critical because of the significant impact that impairment could have on our financial results. We record all assets and liabilities acquired in purchase acquisitions, including goodwill,
indefinite-lived intangibles, and other intangibles, at fair value as required by Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment . The initial recording of goodwill and other intangibles requires
subjective judgments concerning estimates of the fair value of the acquired assets. Goodwill, which was $767.7 million at September 30, 2016, is not amortized but is subject to tests for impairment annually or more often if events or
circumstances indicate it may be impaired. An impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined by assessing the fair value of the
reporting unit based upon discounted cash flow projections. Estimated cash flows may extend far into the future and, by their nature, are difficult to determine over an extended timeframe. Factors that may significantly affect the estimates include,
among others, competitive forces, customer behaviors and attrition, changes in revenue growth trends, cost structures and technology, and changes in discount rates and specific industry or market sector conditions. As of September 30, 2016, the
annual goodwill evaluation indicated an impairment of goodwill in our acute care Arizona reporting unit, and a non-cash charge of $54.0 million was recorded to write-off the goodwill related to that reporting unit. In addition, we determined
that our Texas reporting unit was at risk for future impairment because its estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by less than 15%. The estimated fair value of our acute care Texas reporting unit has been impacted by events and
circumstances that have occurred at our Houston hospital during fiscal 2016. Additionally, revenue at certain of our Texas hospitals was negatively impacted by a decline in crude oil prices that occurred in fiscal years 2015 and 2016. We view the
impact of these events on the estimated fair value of our acute care Texas reporting unit to be temporary in nature.    Other identifiable
intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, were $16.6 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $19.9 million at September 30, 2015. These are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are evaluated for impairment
if events and circumstances indicate a possible impairment. Such evaluation of other intangible assets is based on undiscounted cash flow projections. Other key judgments in accounting for intangible assets include useful life and classification
between goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles or other intangibles which require amortization.    See  Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets  in Note 7 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding intangible assets. The impact of a 5% impairment charge to goodwill or intangible assets would result in a reduction in  pre-tax  income of $39.2 million.     Stock-based Compensation . We account for stock-based
compensation awards in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires a fair-value based method for measuring the value of stock-based compensation. Fair value is measured once at the date of grant and is not
adjusted for subsequent changes. Our stock-based compensation plans include programs for stock options and restricted stock unit ( RSU ) awards.  
      85  

Table of Contents  

  We estimate the grant date fair value, and the resulting stock-based compensation expense, using
the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model requires the use of highly subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include:  
  Expected term  The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. We used the
simplified method to determine the expected term, which is calculated as the average of the   time-to-vesting   and the contractual life of the awards.  
  Expected volatility  Since we are currently privately held and do not have any trading history for our common stock, the expected
volatility was estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded peer companies over a period equal to the expected term of the awards. When selecting comparable publicly traded peer companies on which we based our expected
stock price volatility, we selected companies with comparable characteristics to us, including enterprise value, risk profiles, and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the expected life of the stock-based awards. The
historical volatility data was computed using the daily closing prices for the selected companies  shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards.  
  Risk-free interest rate  The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant
for periods corresponding with the expected term of the award.     Expected dividend  No recurring dividends have been authorized
and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero.    In addition
to the Black-Scholes-Merton assumptions, we estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeitures and will continue to evaluate the adequacy of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee
turnover behavior, and other factors. The impact from any forfeiture rate adjustment would be recognized in full in the period of adjustment and if the actual number of future forfeitures differs from our estimates, we might be required to record
adjustments to stock-based compensation in future periods. These assumptions represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change and we
use different assumptions, our equity-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future.     Income taxes.  Our
income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. We estimate and record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized in future periods. We assess the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the existing
deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss incurred over the three-year period ended September 30, 2016. Such objective evidence makes it difficult to rely on more subjective evidence,
such as our projections for future profitability. Accordingly, we have limited our estimate of future taxable income to the amount of projected future reversals of taxable temporary differences, which are expected to reverse in the same periods and
jurisdictions and of the same character as the temporary differences giving rise to the deferred tax assets.    On the basis of this
evaluation, as of September 30, 2016, a valuation allowance of $35.3 million has been established to recognize only the portion of deferred tax assets that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered
realizable could be adjusted in the future if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective evidence, or if future operating results impact the expected reversal of
taxable temporary differences available to produce future taxable income.    Certain tax matters require interpretations of tax law that may
be subject to future challenge and may not be upheld under tax audit. Significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of such tax-related contingencies. We apply the provisions of ASC 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC
740 ), which prescribe a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. Only tax positions that meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold have been recognized in connection with these provisions.    The provisions regarding accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes permit interest and penalties on underpayments of income taxes to be classified as interest expense, income tax expense, or another appropriate expense classification based on our accounting election. Our policy is to
classify interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense.       Item 7A .    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk .            We are subject to market risk from
exposure to changes in interest rates based on our financing, investing and cash management activities. We do not, however, hold or issue financial instruments or derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. At September 30, 2016, the
following components of our senior secured credit facilities bear interest at variable rates at specified margins above either the agent bank s alternate base rate or the LIBOR rate: (i) a $1.025 billion, seven-year term loan; and
(ii) a $207.4 million, five-year revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding principal of variable rate debt of $969.3 million.  
 We have managed our market exposure to changes in interest rates by implementing a comprehensive interest rate hedging strategy that includes
converting variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. We have previously executed interest rate swaps for  non-trading  and  non-speculative  purposes with Citibank and
Barclays, as counterparties, with notional amounts totaling $350.0 million, of which $50.0 million expired on September 30, 2014, $100.0 million expired on September 30, 2015, and $200.0 million expired on
September 30, 2016.    Although changes in the alternate base rate or the LIBOR rate would affect the cost of funds borrowed in the
future, we believe the effect, if any, of reasonably possible near-term changes in interest rates on our remaining variable rate debt or our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows would not be material. Holding other
variables constant, including levels of indebtedness, a 0.125% increase in current interest rates would have no estimated impact on  pre-tax  earnings and cash flows for the next 12 month period given the 1.25%
LIBOR floor that exists in our Term Loan Facility, and given that we currently have no outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility.  
 We currently believe we have adequate liquidity to fund operations as noted above through the generation of operating cash flows, cash on hand
and access to our senior secured revolving credit facility. Our ability to borrow funds under our senior secured revolving credit facility is subject to the financial viability of the participating financial institutions. While we do not anticipate
any of our current lenders defaulting on their obligations, we are unable to provide assurance that any particular lender will not default at a future date.  
      86  

Table of Contents  

      Item     8.       Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.       IASIS Healthcare LLC   
    Index to Consolidated Financial Statements       

87  

Table of Contents  

     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
 The Board of Directors of    IASIS Healthcare Corporation, sole
member of IASIS Healthcare LLC    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IASIS Healthcare LLC ( the Company ) as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.    We
conducted our audits in accordance with the auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with the auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Our
audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of IASIS Healthcare
LLC at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
   As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the classification of all deferred tax assets and liabilities
to noncurrent on the September 30, 2016 consolidated balance sheet as a result of the adoption of FASB Accounting Standards Update 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .  
 /s/ Ernst   Young LLP    Nashville, Tennessee  
 December 21, 2016  
      88  

Table of Contents  

   IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (In Thousands)        
   See accompanying notes.  
      89  

Table of Contents  

   IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
   (In Thousands)        
   See accompanying notes.  
      90  

Table of Contents  

   IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
   (In Thousands)        
   See accompanying notes.  
      91  

Table of Contents  

   IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT)   
   (In Thousands)        
   See accompanying notes.  
      92  

Table of Contents  

   IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (In Thousands)        
   See accompanying notes.  
      93  

Table of Contents  

   IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC   
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   
  Organization     IASIS Healthcare LLC
( IASIS  or the  Company ) provides high quality affordable healthcare services primarily in high-growth urban and suburban markets. As of September 30, 2016, we owned or leased 17 acute care hospital facilities and one
behavioral health hospital facility with a total of 3,581 licensed beds, several outpatient service facilities and 147 physician clinics.  
 IASIS  continuing operations are in various regions including:      

Salt Lake City, Utah;        

Phoenix, Arizona;        

six cities in Texas, including Houston and San Antonio; and        

West Monroe, Louisiana.      The Company also owns and operates Health Choice Arizona, Inc. and
related entities ( Health Choice  or the  Plan ), a provider-owned, managed care organization and insurer that delivers healthcare services to 677,900 members through multiple health plans, accountable care networks and managed
care solutions. The Plan is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, with offices in Tampa, Florida and Salt Lake City, Utah.     Principles of Consolidation
    The consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries and entities under common control of the Company. Control is generally
defined by the Company as ownership of a majority of the voting interest of an entity. In addition, control is demonstrated in instances when the Company is the sole general partner in a limited partnership. Intercompany transactions have been
eliminated.     Use of Estimates     The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     Reclassifications   
 As a result of discontinued operations, certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These
reclassifications have no impact on the Company s total assets or total liabilities and equity and no impact on net earnings (loss).     General and
Administrative     The majority of the Company s expenses are  cost of revenue  items. Costs that could be classified as
 general and administrative  by the Company include the IASIS corporate office costs (excluding stock-based compensation costs), which were $48.4 million, $53.6 million and $56.6 million for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.     Discontinued Operations   
 In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment 
( ASC 360 ), the Company has presented the operating results, financial position and cash flows of its previously disposed facilities as discontinued operations, net of income taxes, in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. Such reporting relates to disposals of components meeting the criteria for discontinued operations reporting prior to October 1, 2015, the effective date of Accounting Standards update ( ASU ) No. 2014-08,  Presentation of
Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment   Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Components of an Entity . ASU 2014-08 changed the criteria for reporting discontinued operations.  
      94  

Table of Contents  

   2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
  Acute Care Revenue and Accounts Receivable   
 The Company s healthcare facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payors, including government programs (Medicare,
Medicaid and TRICARE), managed care health plans, including Medicare and Medicaid managed health plans, commercial insurance companies and employers under which the facilities are paid based upon established charges, the cost of providing services,
predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates or discounts from established charges. Additionally, the Company offers discounts through its uninsured discount program to all uninsured patients receiving healthcare services who do not
qualify for assistance under state Medicaid, other federal or state assistance plans, or charity care.    In the ordinary course of
business, the Company provides care without charge to patients who are financially unable to pay for the healthcare services they receive. Because the Company does not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not
reported in acute care revenue. Accordingly, the Company records revenue deductions for patient accounts that meet its guidelines for charity care. The Company provides charity care to patients with income levels below 200% of the federal poverty
level ( FPL ). Additionally, at all of the Company s hospitals, a sliding scale of reduced rates is offered to uninsured patients, who are not covered through federal, state or private insurance, with incomes between 200% and 400% of
the FPL. The estimated cost incurred by the Company to provide services to patients who qualify for charity care was $8.7 million, $11.5 million and $12.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. These estimates were determined by applying a ratio of costs to gross charges multiplied by the Company s gross charity care charges.  
 Acute care revenue is reported at the estimated net realizable amounts from third-party payors and others for services rendered, including
estimated retroactive adjustments under reimbursement agreements with third-party payors. Retroactive adjustments are accrued on an estimated basis in the period the related services are rendered and are adjusted, if necessary, in future periods
when final settlements are determined. Net adjustments to estimated third-party payor settlements ( prior year contractuals ) resulted in an increase in acute care revenue of $3.1 million, $7.0 million and $3.9 million for
the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company also records a provision for bad debts related to uninsured accounts, as well as  co-insurance  and deductible balances due from
insured patients, to reflect its  self-pay  accounts receivable at the estimated amounts expected to be collected. The sources of the Company s hospital net patient revenue by payor before its provision for
bad debts are summarized as follows:      
   During the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, 41.0%, 42.2% and 44.0%, respectively, of the
Company s net patient revenue before its provision for bad debts related to patients participating in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, including Medicare and Medicaid managed health plans. The Company recognizes that revenue and receivables
from government agencies are significant to its operations, but does not believe that there is significant credit risks associated with these government agencies. The Company believes that the concentration of credit risk from other payors is
limited due to the number of patients and payors.     Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   
 The provision for bad debts and the associated allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. The
Company does not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who qualify for charity care under the Company s guidelines; therefore, charity care accounts are deducted from gross revenue and are not included in the provision for bad debts.
 
      95  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s estimation of its allowance for doubtful accounts is based primarily upon the
type and age of the patient accounts receivable and the effectiveness of related collection efforts. The Company s policy is to reserve a portion of all  self-pay  receivables, including amounts due from
the uninsured and amounts related to  co-payments  and deductibles, as these charges are recorded. The Company monitors accounts receivable balances and the effectiveness of reserve policies on a regular basis
and reviews various analytics to support the basis for its estimates. These efforts primarily consist of reviewing the following:      

Cash collections as a percentage of net patient revenue less bad debts;        

Changes in the aging and payor mix of accounts receivable, including increased focus on accounts due from the uninsured and accounts that represent  co-payments  and deductibles due
from patients;        

Revenue and volume trends by payor, particularly the  self-pay  components;        

Trending of days revenue in accounts receivable;        

Various allowance coverage statistics; and        

Historical  write-off  and collection experience using a hindsight or look-back approach.    
 At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s  self-pay  receivables, including amounts due
from uninsured patients and  co-payment  and deductible amounts due from insured patients, were $279.1 million and $276.7 million, respectively.  
 A summary of activity in the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows (in thousands):  
   
    Premium, Service and Other Revenue   
 Health Choice is the Company s managed care organization and insurer that primarily serves Medicaid health plan enrollees in Arizona and
Utah. The Plan derives most of its revenue in Arizona, which includes its largest contract with the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System ( AHCCCS ) to provide specified health services to qualified Medicaid enrollees through
contracted providers. AHCCCS is the state agency that administers Arizona s Medicaid program.    Effective October 1, 2013, Health
Choice entered into a new contract with AHCCCS including an initial term of three years, and two  one-year  renewal options at the discretion of AHCCCS. The contract has been renewed through fiscal year 2017.
The contract is terminable without cause on 90 days  written notice or for cause upon written notice if the Company fails to comply with any term or condition of the contract or fails to take corrective action as required to comply with the
terms of the contract. Additionally, AHCCCS can terminate the contract in the event of the unavailability of state or federal funding. As of September 30, 2016, Health Choice provided healthcare benefits to 259,100 plan members under its AHCCCS
contract.    Health Choice also provides coverage as a Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug ( MAPD ) Special Needs Plan
( SNP ) provider pursuant to a contract with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ). The SNP allows Health Choice to offer Medicare and Part D drug benefit coverage for new and existing dual-eligible members (i.e.
those that are eligible for Medicare and Medicaid). The contract with CMS includes successive  one-year  renewal options at the discretion of CMS and is terminable without cause on 90 days  written notice
or for cause upon written notice if the Company fails to comply with any term or condition of the contract or fails to take corrective action as required to comply with the terms of the contract. As of September 30, 2016, Health Choice provided
healthcare benefits to 9,500 plan members in its MAPD SNP.    In Arizona and surrounding states, the Plan subcontracts with hospitals,
physicians and other medical providers to provide services to its Medicaid and Medicare enrollees in Apache, Coconino, Gila, Maricopa, Mohave, Navajo, Pima and Pinal counties, regardless of the actual costs incurred to provide these services.  
      96  

Table of Contents  

  Health Choice also operates a Phoenix-area Health Insurance Exchange plan, which serves 11,400
members. As of January 1, 2017, Health Choice will be exiting the Arizona marketplace exchange. The Company s decision to exit the exchange was driven by the instability of the Health Reform marketplace, uncertainty and lack of funding
around government premium stabilization programs, and the overall nature of the related regulatory environment.    Effective October 1,
2015, Health Choice s joint venture, Health Choice Integrated Care LLC ( HCIC ) entered into a contract with the Arizona Department of Health Services ( ADHS ) to operate an integrated acute and behavioral health plan in
Northern Arizona. The contract has an initial term of three years and includes two additional  two-year  renewal options that can be exercised at the discretion of ADHS. The contract is terminable by ADHS
following HCIC s failure to carry out a material contract term, condition or obligation. As of September 30, 2016, HCIC provided standalone behavioral health benefits to 225,100 plan members.  
 Health Choice s health plan contracts require the arrangement of healthcare services for enrolled patients in exchange for fixed monthly
premiums, based upon negotiated per capita member rates. Capitation payments received by Health Choice are recognized as revenue in the month that members are entitled to healthcare services. Premium revenue includes adjustments to revenue related
to the program settlement process for the Arizona managed Medicaid plan under the related state contract. This program settlement process reconciles estimated amounts due to or from the state based on the actual premium revenue and medical costs and
contractually mandated limits on profits and losses. Although estimates of future program settlement amounts are recorded in current periods, the program settlement process typically occurs in the 18 months post-plan year, when actual (rather than
projected) claims and member eligibility data become available and a net settlement amount is either due to or from the state. Adjustments to the estimates of future program settlement amounts are recorded as a component of premium revenue.  
 On March 10, 2014, Health Choice entered into a contract with a large national insurer to provide management and administrative services
to Medicaid enrollees in two separate geographic areas in the state of Florida. Under this contract, which covered 98,000 Medicaid enrollees as of September 30, 2016, Health Choice receives an administrative fee based upon the number of members
served. The contract has an initial term of one year, with automatic annual renewal options that also provide each party with termination options.  
 The sources of Health Choice s premium, service and other revenue by major product line are summarized as follows:  
   
    Medicare and Medicaid EHR Incentives   
 The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides for Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments that began in calendar year 2011 for
eligible hospitals and professionals that implement certified electronic health records ( EHR ) technology and adopt the related meaningful use requirements. The Company recognizes income related to the Medicare or Medicaid incentives as
the Company is able to satisfy all appropriate contingencies, which includes completing attestations as to eligible hospitals adopting, implementing or demonstrating meaningful use of certified EHR technology, and additionally for Medicare
incentives, deferring income until the related Medicare fiscal year has passed and cost report information used to determine the final amount of reimbursement is known. Included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, is $2.2 million, $6.9 million and $14.4 million, respectively, of operating income related to Medicare and Medicaid EHR incentives recognized during the respective year. The Company has
incurred both capital costs and operating expenses in order to implement certified EHR technology and meet meaningful use requirements. These costs and expenses were incurred during all stages of certified EHR technology and meaningful use
implementation. As a result, the timing of the expense recognition does not exactly correlate with the receipt of the incentive payments or the recognition of operating income.  
      97  

Table of Contents  

   Health Insurer Fee   
 The mandated health insurer fee ( HIF ) to be paid to the federal government by health insurers, as part of the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, Health Reform Law, was imposed for calendar years beginning after December 31, 2013. The HIF is based on a company s share of the
industry s net premiums written during the preceding calendar year, and is payable on September 30 of each year. The HIF is  non-deductible  for federal income tax purposes. The Company recorded the
estimated liability for the HIF in full with a corresponding deferred asset that is being amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over the respective calendar year. The Company s estimated liability for the HIF is recorded within other
accrued expenses and current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The corresponding deferred asset is recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. During the years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recognized $15.5 million, $11.9 and $6.0 million, respectively, in other operating expenses related to amortization of the HIF, with remaining deferred cost asset balances of
$4.1 million and $3.3 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Because Health Choice primarily serves individuals in government-sponsored programs, Health Choice must secure additional reimbursement from state partners for
this added cost. The Company recognizes HIF revenue when there is a contractual commitment from the state to reimburse Health Choice for the full economic impact of the health insurer fee. HIF revenue is recognized ratably throughout the year.
During the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, HIF revenue totaling $20.0 million, $15.7 million and $8.2 million, respectively, was recognized as a result of the contractual commitment from Arizona, which included
$6.5 million, $3.8 million and $2.9 million, respectively, related to a contractual commitment to reimburse Health Choice for the impact of the  non-deductibility  of this fee for income tax
purposes.     Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 The Company considers highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains
its cash and cash equivalent balances primarily with high credit quality financial institutions. The Company manages its credit exposure by placing its investments in United States Treasury securities or other high quality securities, and by
periodically evaluating the relative credit standing of the financial institution.    As discussed in Note 3, cash generated from certain
asset dispositions may be subject to prepayment requirements under the Company s senior credit agreements and indenture.     Inventories   
 Inventories, principally medical supplies, implants and pharmaceuticals, are stated at the lower of cost or market.  
  Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets   
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, include amounts due to the Company in connection with Texas
supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs totaling $29.4 million and $77.6 million, respectively. The source of the Company s receivables under these Texas private supplemental Medicaid reimbursements programs are comprised of the
following:      
   The Texas legislature and the Texas Health and Human Services Commission ( THHSC ) recommended
expanding Medicaid managed care enrollment in the state, and in December 2011, CMS approved a five-year Medicaid waiver that: (1) allows Texas to expand its Medicaid managed care program while preserving hospital funding; (2) provides
incentive payments for improvements in healthcare delivery; and (3) directs more funding to hospitals that serve large numbers of uninsured patients. Certain of the Company s acute care hospitals currently receive supplemental Medicaid
reimbursement, including reimbursement from programs for participating private hospitals that enter into indigent care affiliation agreements with public hospitals or county governments in the state of Texas. The waiver has since been extended
through December 31, 2017. Under the  CMS-approved  programs, affiliated hospitals, including the Company s Texas hospitals, have expanded the community healthcare safety net by providing indigent
healthcare services. Revenue recognized under these Texas private supplemental Medicaid reimbursement programs, including  
      98  

Table of Contents  

amounts recognized under the Texas Medicaid DSH Program ( Texas Medicaid DSH ) for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, was $109.9 million, $109.0 million
and $106.7 million, respectively. Under the Medicaid waiver, funds are distributed to participating hospitals based upon both the costs associated with providing care to individuals without third party coverage and the investment made to
support coordinating care and quality improvements that transform the local communities  care delivery systems. The responsibility to coordinate and develop plans that address the concerns of the local delivery care systems, including improved
access, quality, cost effectiveness and coordination are controlled primarily by government-owned public hospitals that serve the surrounding geographic areas. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company received $65.2 million related to
fiscal year 2015 receivables for Texas supplemental reimbursement programs.     Long-lived Assets   
 The primary components of the Company s long-lived assets are discussed below. When events, circumstances or operating results indicate
that the carrying values of certain long-lived assets and related identifiable intangible assets (excluding goodwill) that are expected to be held and used might be impaired under the provisions of ASC 360, the Company considers the recoverability
of assets to be held and used by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to the undiscounted value of future net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If assets are identified as impaired, the impairment is measured by the amount by
which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets as determined by independent appraisals or estimates of discounted future cash flows. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair
value less costs to sell. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not identified any impairment related to long-lived assets associated with its continuing operations.  
  Property and Equipment     Property and
equipment are stated at cost. Routine maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures that increase capacities or extend useful lives are capitalized. Buildings and improvements are depreciated over estimated useful lives
ranging generally from 14 to 40 years. Estimated useful lives of equipment range generally from 3 to 25 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the terms of the respective leases or their estimated
useful lives. Depreciation expense, including amortization of assets capitalized under capital leases, is computed using the straight-line method and was $103.3 million, $93.4 million and $92.0 million for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.     Other Assets   
 Other assets include costs associated with the issuance of debt, which are amortized over the term of the related debt. Amortization of
deferred financing costs is included in interest expense and totaled $6.4 million, $6.4 million and $5.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated
amortization, totaled $15.6 million and $16.7 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     Goodwill   
 Goodwill is not amortized but is subject to annual tests for impairment or more often if events or circumstances indicate it may be impaired,
as defined in ASC 350,  Intangible Goodwill and Other . Impairment testing for goodwill is done at the reporting unit level, which has been determined to be at a market level based upon geographic and operational factors. An impairment
loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. The Company completed its annual impairment test of goodwill as of September 30, 2016. See Note 7 for details regarding the results of the
Company s annual goodwill impairment testing.     Insurance Reserves   
 The Company estimates its reserve for self-insured professional and general liability and workers  compensation risks using historical
claims data, demographic factors, severity factors, current incident logs and other actuarial analysis.     Income Taxes   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740,  Income Taxes .
This approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Company assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income to determine whether
a valuation allowance should be established.  
      99  

Table of Contents  

    Non-controlling  Interests in Consolidated Entities   
  Non-controlling  interests represent the portion of equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or
indirectly, to a parent. The Company s accompanying consolidated financial statements include all assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses at their consolidated amounts, which include the amounts attributable to the Company and the  non-controlling  interest. The Company recognizes as a separate component of equity and earnings the portion of income or loss attributable to  non-controlling  interests based
on the portion of each entity not owned by the Company.    The Company applies the provisions of ASC 810,  Consolidation , which
requires the Company to clearly identify and present ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the Company in the consolidated financial statements within the equity section. It also requires the amounts of consolidated net
earnings attributable to the Company and to the  non-controlling  interests to be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statements of operations.  
  Redeemable  Non-controlling  Interest in Consolidated Entities   
 The Company consolidates nine subsidiaries with  non-controlling  interests that include third-party
partners that own limited partnership units with certain redemption features. The redeemable limited partnership units require the Company to buy back the units upon the occurrence of certain events at the stated redemption value of the units. In
addition, the limited partnership agreements for certain of the limited partnerships provide the limited partners with put rights which allow the units to be sold back to the Company, subject to certain limitations, at the redemption value of the
units. According to the limited partnership agreements, the redemption value of the units for this repurchase purpose is generally calculated as the product of the most current audited fiscal period s EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation, amortization and management fees) and a fixed multiple, less any long-term debt of the entity. The majority of these put rights require an initial holding period of six years after purchase, at which point the holder of the redeemable
limited partnership units may put back to the Company 20% of such holder s units. Each succeeding year, the number of vested redeemable units will increase by 20% until the end of the tenth year after the initial investment, at which point 100%
of the units may be put back to the Company. The limited partnership agreements also provide that under no circumstances shall the Company be required to repurchase more than 25% of the total vested redeemable limited partnership units in any fiscal
year. The equity attributable to these interests has been classified as  non-controlling  interests with redemption rights in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
  Medical Claims Payable     Monthly
capitation payments made by Health Choice to physicians and other healthcare providers are expensed in the month services are contracted to be performed. Claims expense for  non-capitated  arrangements is
accrued as services are rendered by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers during the year.    Medical claims payable related
to Health Choice includes claims received but not paid and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. Incurred but not reported claims are estimated using a combination of historical claims experience (including severity and payment lag time)
and other actuarial analysis, including number of enrollees, age of enrollees and certain enrollee health indicators, to predict the cost of healthcare services provided to enrollees during any given period. While management believes that its
estimation methodology effectively captures trends in medical claims costs, actual payments could differ significantly from estimates given changes in the healthcare cost structure or adverse experience.  
 The Plan receives reinsurance and other supplemental payments from AHCCCS for healthcare costs that exceed stated amounts at a rate ranging
from 75% to 100% of qualified healthcare costs in excess of stated levels of up to $25,000 per claim, depending on the eligibility classification of the member. Qualified costs must be incurred during the contract year and are the lesser of the
amount paid by the Plan or the AHCCCS fee schedule. Reinsurance recoveries are recognized under the contract with AHCCCS when healthcare costs exceed stated amounts as provided under the contract, including estimates of such costs at the end of each
accounting period. Reinsurance recoveries are recorded as a component of medical claims expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, while reinsurance receivables are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
      100  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the components of the change in medical claims payable (in thousands):
     
   As reflected in the table above, medical claims expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, includes
$18.2 million in increased medical costs related to prior years. This includes $1.4 million in increased prior year medical costs related to Health Choice s Arizona Exchange product, which the Company is exiting effective
January 1, 2017. Excluding development from our Arizona Exchange product, medical claims expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, includes $16.8 million in increased medical costs related to prior years. This unfavorable
development for the year ended September 30, 2016, is attributable to higher than anticipated medical costs relating to increased acuity levels for certain higher cost enrollment groups and growth in new members who demonstrated pent up demand
for care and higher medical costs during their initial time of enrollment in the plan. Medical claims expense for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, include a $17.0 million and $4.1 million increase, respectively, in medical
costs related to prior years resulting from changes in unfavorable development, which were primarily due to Arizona s expansion of the state s Medicaid program effective January 1, 2014, and the related increase in the childless adult
population that typically experiences higher medical costs.    Additional adjustments to prior year estimates may be necessary in future
periods as more information becomes available.     Stock-Based Compensation   
 Although IASIS has no stock option plan or outstanding stock options, the Company, through its parent, IASIS Healthcare Corporation
( IAS ), grants stock options for a fixed number of common shares and restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to its employees. The Company accounts for these stock-based incentive awards under the measurement and recognition provisions
of ASC 718,  Compensation Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ). Accordingly, the Company applies the fair value recognition provisions requiring all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options and
RSUs, to be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the awards, with the resulting expense recognized in the income statement. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model in determining the fair value
of its share-based payments. Compensation cost for time-vested options and RSUs will generally be amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, generally equal to the awards  vesting periods, while
compensation cost for options with market-based conditions are recognized on a graded schedule generally over the awards  vesting periods.  
  Member s Equity     As of
September 30, 2016, all of the common interests of IASIS were owned by IAS, its sole member.  
      101  

Table of Contents  

   Interest Rate Hedges   
 The Company accounts for its interest rate hedges in accordance with the provisions of ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging  ( ASC
815 ), which also includes enhanced disclosure requirements. In accordance with ASC 815, the Company has designated its interest rate swaps as a cash flow hedge instrument. The Company assesses the effectiveness of its cash flow hedge on a
quarterly basis, with any ineffectiveness being measured using the hypothetical derivative method.     Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The Company applies the provisions of ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), which provides a single
definition of fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures concerning fair value measurements. The Company applies these provisions to the valuation and disclosure of certain financial instruments. ASC 820
establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: (i) Level 1, which is defined as quoted prices in active markets that can be accessed at the measurement date;
(ii) Level 2, which is defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable, either directly or indirectly; and (iii) Level 3, which is defined as unobservable inputs resulting from the existence of
little or no market data, therefore potentially requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.    Cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, salaries and benefits payable, accrued interest, medical claims payable, and other accrued expenses and other current liabilities are reflected in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements at amounts that approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value of the Company s capital leases and other long-term financing obligations also approximate their
carrying value as they bear interest at current market rates.    The carrying value and fair value of the Company s senior secured term
loan facility and its 8.375% senior notes due 2019 (the  Senior Notes ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, were as follows (in thousands):      
   The estimated fair value of the Company s senior secured term loan facility and its Senior Notes were
based upon quoted market prices at that date and are categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.    The Company determines
the fair value of its interest rate hedges in a manner consistent with that used by market participants in pricing hedging instruments, which includes using a discounted cash flow analysis based upon the terms of the agreements, the impact of the
forward LIBOR curve and an evaluation of credit risk. Given the use of observable market assumptions and the consideration of credit risk, the Company has categorized the valuation of its interest rate hedges as Level 2.  
  Management Services Agreement     The
Company is party to a management services agreement with affiliates of TPG Global, LLC (together with its affiliates,  TPG ) and JLL Partners Inc. (together with its affiliates,  JLL ). The management services agreement provides
that in exchange for consulting and management advisory services that will be provided to the Company by the investors, the Company will pay an aggregate monitoring fee of 0.25% of budgeted total revenue up to a maximum of $5.0 million per
fiscal year to these parties (or certain of their respective affiliates) and reimburse them for their reasonable disbursements and   out-of-pocket   expenses. The monitoring
fee will be subordinated to the Senior Notes in the event of a bankruptcy of the Company. The management services agreement does not have a stated term. Pursuant to the provisions of the management services agreement, the Company has agreed to
indemnify the investors (or certain of their respective affiliates) in certain situations arising from or relating to the agreement, the investors  investment in the securities of IAS or any related transactions or the operations of the
investors, except for losses that arise on account of the investors  negligence or willful misconduct. For each of the three years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company paid $5.0 million in monitoring fees under the
management services agreement.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
  Newly Adopted     In April 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU  No. 2014-08.  Among other provisions and in addition to expanded disclosures, ASU  No. 2014-08 
 
      102  

Table of Contents  

changes the definition of what components of an entity qualify for discontinued operations treatment and reporting from a reportable segment, operating segment, reporting unit, subsidiary or
asset group to only those components of an entity that represent a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results. Additionally, ASU
 No. 2014-08  requires disclosure about a disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements, including
the pretax profit or loss attributable to the component of an entity for the period in which it is disposed of or is classified as held for sale. The disclosure of this information is required for all of the same periods that are presented in the
entity s results of operations for the period. The provisions of ASU  No. 2014-08  are effective prospectively for all disposals or classifications as held for sale of components of an entity that
occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within those years. The Company has adopted ASU  No. 2014-08.   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred
Taxes . Under ASU  No. 2015-17,  organizations that present a classified balance sheet are required to classify all deferred taxes as noncurrent assets or noncurrent liabilities. The provisions of ASU  No. 2015-17  are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an
interim or annual reporting period. The Company early adopted ASU  No. 2015-17  on a prospective basis effective October 1, 2015, and accordingly, all deferred taxes are classified as noncurrent liabilities
in the Company s accompanying consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted.     Recently
Issued     In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with
Customers , which outlines a single comprehensive model for recognizing revenue and supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance, including guidance specific to the healthcare industry. In addition, ASU
 No. 2014-09  will require new and enhanced disclosures. Companies can adopt the new standard either using the full retrospective approach, a modified retrospective approach with practical expedients, or a
cumulative effect upon adoption approach. ASU  No. 2014-09  was originally scheduled to become effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within
that reporting period, and early adoption was not permitted. In July 2015, the FASB decided that a deferral was necessary to provide companies adequate time to effectively implement the new standard. They deferred the effective date by one year, but
will permit entities to adopt one year earlier if they so choose. The Company will adopt this new guidance effective October 1, 2018.    In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2015-2,   Consolidation . ASU  No. 2015-2  includes amendments that are intended to improve targeted areas of
consolidation for legal entities including reducing the number of consolidation models from four to two and simplifying the FASB ASC. The provisions of ASU  No. 2015-2  are effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015. The amendments may be applied retrospectively in previously issued financial statements for one or more years with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first year
restated. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU  No. 2015-2  is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial
position, results of operations, cash flows or financial disclosures.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU
 No. 2015-03,     Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which requires that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of that debt liability. The guidance in the new standard is limited to the presentation of debt issuance costs. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by ASU
 No. 2015-03.  The amendments in this update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The
adoption of ASU  No. 2015-03  is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, cash flows or financial disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-02,   Leases , which requires lessees to
recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet, including leases previously classified as operating. In addition,  ASU 2016-02  implements changes to the lease classification criteria for
lessors and eliminates portions of the previous real estate leasing guidance.  ASU 2016-02  will become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted.
The Company expects to adopt these provisions effective October 1, 2019 and is currently evaluating the effect of the new lease accounting guidance.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-09   Compensation Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which affects all entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees.  ASU 2016-09  simplifies the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences and classification on the balance sheet and statement of cash flows. Portions of the guidance will only impact  non-public  entities.  ASU 2016-09  will become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of the new share-based payment
accounting guidance.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, 
which clarifies the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective retrospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this new guidance may have on its consolidated cash flows.  
      103  

Table of Contents  

   3. LONG-TERM DEBT, CAPITAL LEASES AND OTHER LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS   
 Long-term debt, capital leases and other long-term obligations consists of the following (in thousands):  
   
   As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the senior secured term loan facility balance reflects an original
issue discount ( OID ) of $1.2 million and $1.9 million, respectively, which is net of accumulated amortization of $3.9 million and $3.2 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Senior Notes balance
reflects an OID of $1.9 million and $2.7 million, respectively, which is net of accumulated amortization of $4.2 million and $3.4 million, respectively.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, capital leases and other long-term obligations include lease financing obligations totaling
$20.5 million and $21.7 million, respectively, resulting from the Company s sale-leaseback transactions. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, capital leases and other long-term obligations includes a financing obligation
totaling $16.2 million related to the Company s ongoing conversion to a new integrated clinical and revenue cycle system.     Amended Term Loan
Facility     The Company is party to a senior credit agreement (the  Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ) with Wilmington
Trust, National Association, as administrative agent, which provides for a $1.025 billion senior secured term loan facility maturing in May 2018 (the  Term Loan Facility ). Principal under the Term Loan Facility is due in equal
quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to 1% of the principal amount of $1.007 billion outstanding as of the effective date, February 20, 2013, of a repricing amendment, with the remaining balance due upon maturity of
the Term Loan Facility.    Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option,
either (1) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) the prime rate (determined by reference to The Wall Street Journal) and (c) a
 one-month  LIBOR rate, subject to a floor of 1.25%, plus 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin of 2.25% per annum or (2) the LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, subject to a
floor of 1.25%, plus a margin of 3.25% per annum.    The Term Loan Facility is unconditionally guaranteed by IAS and certain
subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the  Subsidiary Guarantors  IAS and the Subsidiary Guarantors, the  Guarantors ) and is required to be guaranteed by all future material wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company,
subject to certain exceptions. All obligations under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of the Guarantors, including (1) a
pledge of 100% of the equity interests of the Company and the equity interests held by the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions, (2) mortgage liens on all of the Company s material real property and that of
the Guarantors and (3) all proceeds of the foregoing.    The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement requires the Company to mandatorily
prepay borrowings under the Term Loan Facility with net cash proceeds of certain asset dispositions, following certain casualty events, following certain borrowings or debt issuances and from a percentage of annual excess cash flow.  
 The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains certain restrictive covenants, including, among other things: (1) limitations on the
incurrence of debt and liens; (2) limitations on investments other than, among other exceptions, certain acquisitions that meet certain conditions; (3) limitations on the sale of assets outside of the ordinary course of business;
(4) limitations on dividends and distributions; and (5) limitations on transactions with affiliates, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default,
including, without limitation, a failure to make payments under the Term Loan Facility, cross-defaults, certain bankruptcy events and certain change of control events.  
      104  

Table of Contents  

   Revolving Credit Facility   
 The Company is party to a revolving credit agreement (the  Revolving Credit Agreement ) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
( JPMorgan ), as administrative agent, which provides for a $207.4 million senior secured revolving credit facility, of which up to $125.0 million may be utilized for the issuance of letters of credit (the  Revolving Credit
Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility matures in February 2021 (the  Stated Revolver Maturity Date ), provided that, if prior to the Stated Revolver Maturity Date, (x) any loans are outstanding under the Term Loan Facility on
the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date under the Term Loan Facility (such date, the  Springing Term Maturity Date ) or (y) any notes are outstanding under the Company s indenture, dated as of May 3, 2011,
by and among IASIS, IAS and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to the Company s Senior Notes (the  Indenture ), on the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date under the Indenture (such date,
the  Springing Notes Maturity Date ), then the maturity date will automatically become the earlier of the Springing Term Maturity Date or the Springing Notes Maturity Date.  
 The Revolving Credit Agreement provides the Company with the right to request additional commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility
without the consent of the lenders thereunder, subject to a cap on aggregate commitments of $300.0 million, a pro forma senior secured net leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) of less than or equal to 3.75 to 1.00 and
customary conditions precedent.    The Revolving Credit Facility does not require installment payments prior to maturity.  
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, either (1) a
base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the prime rate of JPMorgan, (2) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (3) a LIBOR rate subject to certain adjustments plus 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin of 2.50% per
annum or (2) the LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, plus a margin of 3.50% per annum. In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company is required to pay a
commitment fee on the unutilized commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, as well as pay customary letter of credit fees and agency fees.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility is unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors and is required to be guaranteed by all future material
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, subject to certain exceptions. All obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of the
Guarantors, including (1) a pledge of 100% of the equity interests of the Company and the equity interests held by the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions, (2) mortgage liens on all of the Company s
material real property and that of the Guarantors and (3) all proceeds of the foregoing.    The Revolving Credit Agreement contains
restrictive covenants and events of default substantially similar to the restrictive covenants and events of default in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement; provided, that under the Revolving Credit Agreement, the Company is required to
maintain, on a quarterly basis, a maximum senior secured gross leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement). In addition, certain of the baskets available to the Company under the negative covenants in the Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement are suspended under the Revolving Credit Agreement until such time, if any, as the Company has consummated a qualifying underwritten public offering and achieved a specified total gross leverage ratio (as defined in the Revolving
Credit Agreement).     8.375% Senior Notes due 2019   
 The Company, together with its wholly owned subsidiary IASIS Capital Corporation (together, the  Issuers ), issued
$850.0 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, which mature on May 15, 2019, pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2011, among the Issuers and certain of the Issuers  wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that
guarantee the Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility. The Indenture provides that the Senior Notes are general unsecured, senior obligations of the Issuers, and initially will be unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis.
   On October 31, 2014, the Issuers completed an asset purchase offer for up to $210.0 million aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Senior Notes. The Issuers were required to make the offer to purchase under the terms of the Indenture governing the Senior Notes using excess proceeds from certain asset dispositions. The offer to purchase was made at 100% of the
aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, to but excluding the redemption date. Holders validly tendered $0.1 million in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes, all of which were accepted by the
Issuers. The Company made payment to settle all validly tendered Senior Notes on November 6, 2014. At both September 30, 2016 and 2015, the outstanding principal balance of the Senior Notes was $849.9 million.  
      105  

Table of Contents  

  The Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.375% per annum, payable semi-annually, in cash
in arrears, on May 15 and November 15 of each year.    The Issuers may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time,
at a price equal to 102.094% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and special interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. On May 15, 2017, the redemption price declines 2.094 points,
at which point the redemption price is equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and special interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date.  
 The Indenture contains covenants that limit the Company s (and its restricted subsidiaries ) ability to, among other things:
(1) incur additional indebtedness or liens or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; (2) pay dividends or make other distributions on, redeem or repurchase the Company s capital stock; (3) sell certain assets; (4) make
certain loans and investments; (5) enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (6) impose restrictions on the ability of a subsidiary to pay dividends or make payments or distributions to the Company and its restricted subsidiaries;
and (7) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions.  
 The Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occurs, may permit or, in certain circumstances, require the
principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. If the Company experiences certain kinds of changes of control, it must offer to purchase the Senior
Notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and special interest, if any, to but excluding the repurchase date. Under certain circumstances, the Company will have the ability to make certain payments to facilitate a
change of control transaction and to provide for the assumption of the Senior Notes by a new parent company resulting from such change of control transaction. If such change of control transaction is facilitated, the Issuers will be released from
all obligations under the Indenture and the Issuers and the trustee will execute a supplemental indenture effectuating such assumption and release.     4.
INTEREST RATE SWAPS     The Company executed forward starting interest rate swaps with Citibank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC, as
counterparties, with notional amounts totaling $350.0 million, with each agreement effective March 28, 2013 and expiring between September 30, 2014 and September 30, 2016. On September 30, 2014, an interest rate swap with a
notional amount totaling $50.0 million at a rate of 1.6% expired under the terms of its related agreement. On September 30, 2015, an interest rate swap with a notional amount totaling $100.0 million at a rate of 1.9% expired under the
terms of its related agreement. On September 30, 2016, an interest rate swap with a notional amount totaling $200.0 million at a rate of 2.2% expired under the terms of its related agreement. The counterparties were obligated to make
quarterly floating rate payments to the Company based on the three-month LIBOR rate, subject to a floor of 1.25%. The Company completed an assessment of these cash flow hedges during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, and
determined that these hedges were highly effective. Accordingly, no gain or loss related to these hedges has been reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, and the change in fair value has been included in accumulated
other comprehensive loss as a component of member s equity.      
   The Company has no obligation related to its interest hedges at September 30, 2016, as all agreements
have expired as of the balance sheet date. The fair value of the Company s interest rate hedges at September 30, 2015, reflected a liability balance of $2.0 million, and was included in the current portion of other long-term
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of the Company s interest rate hedges reflected a liability because the effect of the forward LIBOR curve on future interest payments results in less interest due to the
Company under the variable rate component included in the interest rate hedging agreements, as compared to the amount due the Company s counterparties under the fixed interest rate component. Any change in the fair value of the Company s
hedging instruments are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a component of member s equity.  
      106  

Table of Contents  

   5. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS   
 The following table sets forth the components of discontinued operations (in thousands):  
   
   Effective October 1, 2013, the Company completed the sale of its Florida operations which primarily
included three hospitals in the  Tampa-St.  Petersburg area and all related physician operations. The aggregate proceeds from the sale were $144.8 million (net of final working capital settlement), which
resulted in a gain on the sale of assets totaling $22.2 million which was recognized in the year ended September 30, 2014. This gain on the sale of assets is included in discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statement of
operations.    Effective January 23, 2015, the Company completed the sale of its Nevada operations. The aggregate proceeds from the
sale were $36.7 million (net of final working capital settlement), which resulted in a loss on the sale of assets totaling $13.5 million, of which $5.6 million, $7.5 million and $0.4 million were recognized in the years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The loss on the sale of assets is included in discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  
      107  

Table of Contents  

   6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   
 Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):      
   Included in property and equipment are assets acquired under capital leases of $5.0 million and
$6.0 million, net of accumulated amortization of $11.9 million and $11.1 million, at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company is currently in the process of converting to a new integrated clinical and revenue cycle
system. Capital expenditures of $49.3 million associated with these conversion efforts are recorded in   construction-in-progress   as of September 30, 2016. The
Company capitalized no interest during the year ended September 30, 2016. Capitalized interest for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, totaled $2.7 million and $1.1 million, respectively.  
  7. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS   
 The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill (in thousands):  
   
   Goodwill and other intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and are tested for impairment on an
annual basis and any other time that a significant event or change in circumstances would require an additional assessment. As of September 30, 2016, the Company completed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment
test. In making this assessment, the Company considered many factors in estimating discounted cash flows, including estimated revenue and market growth, operating cash flows, capital expenditures, and assumptions impacting the Company s long
term growth rate and weighted average cost of capital. As a result of the annual impairment test, the Company determined that the carrying value of its acute care Arizona reporting unit exceeded its fair value as of September 30, 2016.
Accordingly, the Company recorded a $54.0 million  non-cash  charge for the impairment of goodwill upon completion of this evaluation, which represented the total goodwill balance for the acute care Arizona
reporting unit. As it relates to the Company s other reporting units, the Company has determined all remaining goodwill and other intangible assets to be recoverable.  
 Other intangible assets includes Health Choice s contract with AHCCCS, which is amortized over a period of 15 years, the contract s
estimated useful life, including assumed renewal periods. The gross intangible value originally assigned to this asset was $45.0 million. The Company expects amortization expense for this intangible asset to be $3.0 million per year based
on its estimated life, and $9.0 million over the remaining useful life. Amortization of this intangible asset is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and totaled
$3.0 million for each of the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The unamortized value of Health Choice s contract with AHCCCS at September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $9.0 million and $12.0 million, respectively.
Net other intangible assets included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, totaled $16.6 million and $19.9 million, respectively.  
      108  

Table of Contents  

   8. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION   
 The Company issued stock-based compensation awards under both the IAS Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (the  Stock Option
Plan ), which expired on June 22, 2014, and a pool of RSUs authorized by the IAS board of directors. Stock-based compensation costs related to these awards of $5.3 million, $7.0 million and $11.9 million for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, is recognized in salaries and benefits expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. No stock-based compensation cost has been capitalized as part of the cost of an asset in
any year. As of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested option awards was $2.1 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years. Total unrecognized compensation
expense related to RSUs at September 30, 2016, was $3.0 million and will be recognized over the remaining service period.    On
October 18, 2013, IAS distributed $115.0 million in a cash dividend to its common stockholders. In connection with this shareholder distribution, the board of directors of IAS authorized management to modify the exercise price of all
outstanding stock options to provide protection against the dilutive impact of the common stock dividend on the outstanding options  intrinsic value. On January 23, 2014, the Company reduced the exercise price for each grant by $7.86 per
option. Accordingly, as a result of the modification, an additional $4.0 million was recognized as stock-based compensation for the year ended September 30, 2014.  
 In fiscal 2014, the Company completed certain equity transactions (the  Equity Transactions ) that included the following:
(1) the issuance to certain employees of 756,000 options to purchase the common stock of IAS; (2) the exercise by option holders of 1,149,663 options with near-term expiration dates to purchase the common stock of IAS on a cashless net
settlement basis, resulting in 389,362 net shares issued after the redemption of shares to cover the exercise price and minimum statutory payroll tax withholding requirements; (3) the issuance to employees of the Company of 992,000 RSUs
that vest at the end of a three year service period; and (4) the exchange of 802,272    out-of-the-money    options to purchase
the common stock of IAS for RSUs on a   5-for-1   basis that vest at the end of a three year service period. In connection with these equity compensation transactions, the
Company recognized $4.0 million of stock-based compensation during the year ended September 30, 2014. In addition, the Company recognized $1.9 million of income tax expense related to an excess of cumulative compensation expense over
the tax benefit realized upon exercise of the stock options.    In fiscal 2016, the Company allowed the exercise by option holders of 80,062
vested options with near-term expiration dates to purchase the common stock of IAS on a cashless net settlement basis, resulting in 7,007 net shares issued after the redemption of shares to cover the exercise price and minimum statutory payroll tax
withholding requirements. The Company was not required to recognize any stock-based compensation expense in connection with this transaction.  
      109  

Table of Contents  

   Stock Option Plan   
 The options granted under the Stock Option Plan represent the right to purchase IAS common stock upon exercise. Each of the options granted
were identified as  non-qualified  stock options. The Stock Option Plan, which was adopted by the board of directors and majority stockholder of IAS in June 2004, expired in June 2014. No additional options may
be issued under the Stock Option Plan. Certain options issued prior to expiration of the Stock Option Plan totaling rights to purchase 761,000 shares of common stock become exercisable over a period not to exceed four years after the date of grant,
subject to earlier vesting provisions as provided for in the Stock Option Plan. All options granted under the Stock Option Plan expire no later than 10 years from the respective dates of grant. Option awards are generally granted with an exercise
price equal to the market price of IAS  stock at the date of grant.    Information regarding the Company s stock option activity
is summarized below:      
   No options expired during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.  
 The following table provides information regarding the weighted average assumptions used in the fair value measurement for options granted
during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.      
   For purposes of calculating stock-based compensation, the Company estimates the fair value of stock options
using a Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model, which requires the use of certain subjective assumptions, including risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility, expected option life, and the fair value of IAS  common stock. These inputs
are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield on the zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes in effect at the time of the option grant having a term equivalent to
the expected option life. It is not practicable to estimate the expected volatility of IAS  stock price as it has no publicly traded shares. Volatility is estimated based on the historical stock price information of certain peer group companies
for a period of time equal to the expected option life period. The expected option life represents the period of time that stock options granted are expected to be outstanding considering both the contractual term of the awards and the expected
post-vesting termination behavior. The dividend yield is 0%, since IAS does not expect to pay recurring dividends. The estimated 2% forfeiture rate of awards, as derived primarily from our historical data, also affects the amount of aggregate
compensation expense.  
      110  

Table of Contents  

   Restricted Stock Units   
 During the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2014, RSUs were granted to employees or  non-employee 
directors totaling 55,000 and 1,200,898, respectively. No RSUs were granted during the year ended September 30, 2015. RSUs vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date if the participant is continuously employed through the vesting
date. During the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, stock-based compensation of $3.7 million, $3.6 million and $1.3 million, respectively, was recognized in connection with RSU awards.  
 Information regarding the Company s RSU activity is summarized below:  

111  

Table of Contents  

   9. INCOME TAXES   
 Income tax expense (benefit) on earnings from continuing operations consists of the following (in thousands):  
   
   A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective income tax rate applied to earnings from
continuing operations before income taxes is as follows:      
   Changes in the amount of net earnings from continuing operations cause fluctuations in the effective state
income tax rate, particularly the Texas Margins Tax. Included in the state income taxes reconciling item above for the year ended September 30, 2014, is a $1.1 million tax benefit resulting from a change in the Company s estimate of the state
impact of deferred tax assets and liabilities.    The change in valuation allowance above includes an increase to the valuation allowance
charged to the federal and state tax provision of $21.4 million and $0.9 million, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2016. The change in valuation allowance includes increases to the valuation allowance charged to the state tax provision
of $1.0 million and $0.8 million for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which were included in the state income taxes reconciling item in the above table in previous years.  
 During September 2014, the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) issued final regulations related to compensation deduction limitations
applicable to certain health insurance providers. Based on these final regulations, the Company believes it is no longer subject to these limitations for the current and prior years. As a result, the Company recognized an income tax benefit of $3.7
million during the year ended September 30, 2014, to reverse tax expense previously recorded in connection with this item.  
      112  

Table of Contents  

  A summary of the items comprising deferred tax assets and liabilities is as follows (in
thousands):      
   Net current deferred tax assets of $2.6 million at September 30, 2015, and net non-current deferred tax
liabilities of $91.6 million and $118.5 million are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company has early adopted ASU No. 2015-17 on a prospective basis; accordingly,
all deferred taxes are classified as noncurrent at September 30, 2016. Prior periods were not retroactively adjusted.    The Company
had a federal income tax receivable of $1.6 million and $15.9 million, and a state income tax payable of $0.9 million and $1.5 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 The Company and some of its subsidiaries are included in IAS  consolidated filing group for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as well as
in certain state and local income tax returns that include IAS. With respect to tax returns for any taxable period in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries are included in a tax return filing with IAS, the amount of taxes to be paid by the
Company is determined, subject to some adjustments, as if it and its subsidiaries filed their own tax returns excluding IAS. Member s equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, includes
$43.2 million and $43.2 million, respectively, in capital contributions representing cumulative tax benefits generated by IAS and utilized by the Company in the combined tax return filings, for which IAS did not require cash settlement
from the Company.    The Company maintains a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets it believes may not be utilized. The Company
assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the
cumulative loss incurred over the three-year period ended September 30, 2016. Such objective evidence makes it difficult to rely on more subjective evidence, such as the Company s projections for future profitability. Accordingly, the Company
has limited its estimate of future taxable income to the amount of projected future reversals of taxable temporary differences, which are expected to reverse in the same periods and jurisdictions and of the same character as the temporary
differences giving rise to the deferred tax assets. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable could be adjusted in the future if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional
weight is given to subjective evidence, or if future operating results impact the expected reversal of taxable temporary differences available to produce future taxable income.  
         On the basis of this evaluation, as of September 30, 2016, a valuation allowance of $35.3 million has been
recorded to recognize only the portion of deferred tax assets that is more likely than not to be realized. This amount includes $8.8 million related to federal net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards, $10.0 million related to state NOL
carryforwards, $3.0 million related to federal tax credit carryforwards, and $13.5 million related to deductible temporary differences. The valuation allowance increased by $22.3 million during the year ended September 30, 2016, and decreased by
$0.1 million during the year ended September 30, 2015. The changes in the valuation allowance included decreases of approximately $13,000 and $1.1 million charged to earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended September 30, 2016, and
2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, federal NOL carryforwards were available to offset $149.1 million of future taxable income, including $12.1 million generated by subsidiaries of the Company that are excluded from the IAS consolidated
return. A valuation allowance has been established against $25.0 million ($8.8 million on a tax-effected basis) of the federal NOL carryforwards, which expire between 2026 and 2036. State NOL carryforwards totaling $314.6 million expire between
2017 and 2036, for which the deferred tax benefit recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is $1.6 million, net of valuation allowance and federal tax impact . In addition, alternative minimum tax credits of $1.8 million with no
expiration and general business credit carryforwards of $1.2 million expiring between 2031 and 2036 were available to offset future federal income tax, on which a full valuation allowance has been established.  
 The liability for unrecognized tax benefits included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets was $2.9 million, including accrued
interest of $0.4 million, at September 30, 2016, and $5.2 million, including accrued interest of $1.6 million, at September 30, 2015. An additional $6.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits are reflected as a reduction
to deferred tax assets for state net operating losses generated by uncertain tax deductions, net of a federal tax benefit of $3.7 million, at each of the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Of the total unrecognized tax benefits at
September 30, 2016, $0.3 million (net of the tax benefit on state taxes and interest) represents the amount of unrecognized tax and interest that, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company s effective income tax rate. The
remainder of the unrecognized tax positions consist of items for which the uncertainty relates only to the timing of the deductibility, and state net operating loss carryforwards for which ultimate recognition would result in the creation of an
offsetting valuation allowance due to the unlikelihood of future taxable income in that state.  
      113  

Table of Contents  

  A summary of activity of the Company s total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows (in thousands):      
   The Company s policy is to classify interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. A net
$0.8 million reduction to interest expense is included in income tax expense for the year ended September 30, 2016. Interest expense totaling $0.1 million and $0.4 million (net of related tax benefits) is included in income tax
expense for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    The Company s tax years 2013 and beyond remain open to
examination by U.S. federal and state taxing authorities. It is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. However, the Company is currently unable to estimate the range
of any possible change.     10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
  Acute Care Revenue     The calculation of
appropriate payments from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, including supplemental Medicaid reimbursement, as well as terms governing agreements with other third-party payors are complex and subject to interpretation. Final determination of
amounts earned under the Medicare and Medicaid programs often occurs subsequent to the year in which services are rendered because of audits by the programs, rights of appeal and the application of numerous technical provisions. In the opinion of
management, adequate provision has been made for adjustments that may result from such routine audits and appeals.     Professional, General and
Workers  Compensation Liability Risks     The Company is subject to claims and legal actions in the ordinary course of business,
including claims relating to patient treatment and personal injuries. To cover these types of claims, the Company maintains professional and general liability insurance in excess of self-insured retentions through a commercial insurance carrier in
amounts that the Company believes to be sufficient for its operations, although, potentially, some claims may exceed the scope of coverage in effect. Plaintiffs in these matters may request punitive or other damages that may not be covered by
insurance. The Company is currently not a party to any such proceedings that, in the Company s opinion, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company expenses an
estimate of the costs it expects to incur under the self-insured retention exposure for professional and general liability claims using historical claims data, demographic factors, severity factors, current incident logs and other actuarial
analysis. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s professional and general liability accrual for asserted and unasserted claims totaled $54.2 million and $52.7 million, respectively, with the current portion totaling
$17.4 million and $15.0 million during the same respective periods. The semi-annual valuations from the Company s independent actuary for professional and general liability losses resulted in changes related to estimates for prior
years that increased professional and general liability expense by $11.2 million during the year ended September 30, 2016, and decreased expense by $8.7 million and $4.1 million during the years ended September 30, 2015 and
2014, respectively.    The Company s estimate of the reserve for professional and general liability claims is based upon actuarial
calculations that are completed semi-annually. The changes in estimates were recognized in the periods in which the independent actuarial calculations were received. The key assumptions underlying the development of the Company s estimate (loss
development, trends and increased limits factors) have not changed materially, as they are largely based upon professional liability insurance industry data published by the Insurance Services Office, a leading provider of data, underwriting, risk
management and legal/regulatory services. The changes in professional and general liability expense related to changes in prior year estimates for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, are the result of actual claims experience
that differ when compared to the industry benchmarks for loss development included in the original actuarial estimate.      
      114  

Table of Contents  

  The Company is subject to claims and legal actions in the ordinary course of business relative to
workers  compensation. To cover these types of claims, the Company maintains workers  compensation insurance coverage with a self-insured retention. The Company accrues costs of workers  compensation claims based upon estimates
derived from its claims experience. The semi-annual valuations from the Company s independent actuary for workers  compensation losses resulted in changes related to estimates for prior years which decreased workers  compensation
expense by $0.7 million and $1.2 million during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2014. No changes related to estimates for prior years were recognized during the year ended September 30, 2015.  
  Health Choice     Health Choice has entered
into capitated contracts whereby the Plan provides healthcare services in exchange for fixed periodic and supplemental payments from AHCCCS and CMS. These services are provided regardless of the actual costs incurred to provide these services. The
Plan receives reinsurance and other supplemental payments from AHCCCS to cover certain costs of healthcare services that exceed certain thresholds. The Company believes the capitated payments, together with reinsurance and other supplemental
payments are sufficient to pay for the services Health Choice is obligated to deliver. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has provided performance guaranties in the form of a letter of credit totaling $72.0 million for the benefit of
AHCCCS, a surety bond for the benefit of ADHS totaling $21.3 million and a demand note totaling $12.0 million for the benefit of CMS to support its obligations under the Health Choice contracts to provide and pay for the related healthcare
services. The amount of these performance guaranties are generally based in part upon the membership in the Plan and the related capitation revenue paid to Health Choice.  
  Acquisitions     The Company has acquired
and in the future may choose to acquire businesses with prior operating histories. Such businesses may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare laws and regulations, such as billing and
reimbursement, fraud and abuse and similar anti-referral laws. Although the Company has procedures designed to conform business practices to its policies following the completion of any acquisition, there can be no assurance that the Company will
not become liable for previous activities of prior owners that may later be asserted to be improper by private plaintiffs or government agencies. Although the Company generally seeks to obtain indemnification from prospective sellers covering such
matters, there can be no assurance that any such matter will be covered by indemnification, or if covered, that such indemnification will be adequate to cover potential losses and fines.  
  Other     On January 14, 2016, CMS
entered into a Systems Improvement Agreement ( SIA ), with the Company s Houston hospital, St. Joseph Medical Center ( SJMC ). CMS agreed to stay the scheduled termination of SJMC s Medicare Provider Agreement during
the pendency of the SIA, an action which resulted from surveys of the hospital that identified alleged failures to comply with certain Medicare program conditions of participation. As required by the terms of the SIA, the Company retained an
independent consultant who conducted a comprehensive review, including analysis of the hospital s current operations, and developed a remediation plan, which was submitted to and approved by CMS in June 2016. The SIA is scheduled to expire in
July 2017, following an  on-site  survey by CMS, provided that SJMC demonstrates compliance with the Medicare conditions of participation for hospitals.  
      115  

Table of Contents  

   11. LEASES   
 The Company leases various buildings, office space and equipment under capital and operating lease agreements. These leases expire at various
times and have various renewal options.    On September 26, 2013, the Company sold the real estate associated with the following three
facilities, and thereafter leased the land and buildings from the acquirer: (1) Glenwood Regional Medical Center in West Monroe, Louisiana; (2) Mountain Vista Medical Center, in Mesa, Arizona; and (3) The Medical Center of Southeast
Texas in Port Arthur, Texas. As a result of the transaction, the Company recognized a deferred gain of $37.7 million that was reflected in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2013. The
deferred gain is being amortized as a reduction of rent expense over the initial term of the related agreements, which is 15 years each and includes varying renewal options. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the remaining deferred gain to be
recognized in future years was $30.0 million and $32.4 million, respectively. Aggregate rent payments for these lease agreements was $22.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, and is subject to customary annual escalators,
capped at 2.5%.    Effective September 26, 2013, the Company amended an existing facility lease agreement, which extended the term of
the lease to September 30, 2028, with two renewal options of five years each. Rent expense under this lease was $4.9 million, $4.8 million and $4.8 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Rent under this lease is payable in monthly installments, and is subject to customary annual escalators, capped at 2.5%.    Future minimum
lease payments as of September 30, 2016, are as follows (in thousands):      
   Aggregate future minimum rentals to be received under  non-cancellable 
subleases as of September 30, 2016, were $6.9 million.     12. DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN   
 Substantially all employees who are employed by the Company or its subsidiaries, upon qualification, are eligible to participate in a defined
contribution 401(k) plan (the  Retirement Plan ). Employees who elect to participate generally make contributions from 1% to 20% of their eligible compensation, and the Company matches, at its discretion, such contributions up to a maximum
percentage. Employees immediately vest 100% in their own contributions and generally vest in the employer portion of contributions over a period not to exceed five years. Company contributions to the Retirement Plan were $8.2 million,
$7.6 million and $4.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
      116  

Table of Contents  

   13. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION   
 The Company s reportable operating segments consist of (1) acute care hospitals and related healthcare businesses, collectively, and
(2) Health Choice. The following is a financial summary by business segment for the periods indicated (in thousands):      
 
      117  

Table of Contents  

118  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, gain (loss) on disposal of
assets, impairment of goodwill and management fees. Management fees represent monitoring and advisory fees paid to TPG, the Company s majority financial sponsor, and certain other members of IASIS Investment LLC, the majority shareholder of
IAS. Management routinely calculates and communicates adjusted EBITDA and believes that it is useful to investors because it is commonly used as an analytical indicator within the healthcare industry to evaluate hospital performance, allocate
resources and measure leverage capacity and debt service ability. In addition, the Company uses adjusted EBITDA as a measure of performance for its business segments and for incentive compensation purposes. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered
as a measure of financial performance under GAAP, and the items excluded from adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative
to net earnings, cash flows generated by operating, investing, or financing activities or other financial statement data presented in the consolidated financial statements as an indicator of financial performance or liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA, as
presented, differs from what is defined under the Company s senior secured credit facilities and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.    
      119  

Table of Contents  

   14. OTHER ACCRUED EXPENSES AND CURRENT LIABILITIES   
 A summary of other accrued expenses and current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):  
   
    15. SUPPLEMENTAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
 The Senior Notes described in Note 3 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by all of the Company s
existing 100% owned domestic subsidiaries, other than certain  non-guarantor  subsidiaries which include Health Choice, and the Company s  non-wholly  owned
subsidiaries. The guarantees are subject to customary release provisions set forth in the Indenture for the Senior Notes.    Summarized
condensed consolidating balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, condensed consolidating statements of operations, condensed consolidating statements of comprehensive income (loss) and condensed consolidating statements of cash flows for
the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, for the Company, segregating the parent company issuer, the subsidiary guarantors, the subsidiary  non-guarantors  and eliminations, are found below. Prior
year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation, including the Company s discontinued operations.  
      120  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet  
 September 30, 2016     (In
Thousands)       
 
      121  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet  
 September 30, 2015     (In
Thousands)       
 
      122  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2016  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      123  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2015  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      124  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2014  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      125  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2016  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      126  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2015  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      127  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2014  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      128  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2016  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      129  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2015  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      130  

Table of Contents  

  IASIS Healthcare LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows  
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2014  
  (In Thousands)       
 
      131  

Table of Contents  

      Item     9.       Changes in and Disagreements
With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.      None.  

Item 9A.  
  Controls and Procedures.         Evaluations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.  
   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
 During the fourth fiscal quarter of the period covered by this Report, there has been no change in our internal controls that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.      Report of Management on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting      The management of IASIS is responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair presentation of the
consolidated financial statements appearing in our periodic filings with the SEC. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and, accordingly, include certain amounts based on
our best judgments and estimates.    Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes a program
of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, including a dedicated compliance department, and a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics adopted
by our board of directors, applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees.    Internal control over financial reporting includes
maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected in a timely manner. Because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the
circumvention or overriding of control procedures, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Therefore, even those internal
controls determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of September 30, 2016, based
on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (the ( 1992 Framework )) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ). Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. Management discussed and reviewed the results of management s assessment with our Audit Committee. On May 14, 2013, COSO issued an
updated version of the 1992 Framework (the  2013 Framework ). The 1992 Framework was adopted to assist organizations design, implement and evaluate the effectiveness of internal control concepts and simplify their use and application. As
of September 30, 2016, we are in the process of transitioning to the 2013 Framework. This Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting
because that requirement under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 was permanently removed for  non-accelerated  filers pursuant to the provisions of Section 989G(a) set forth in the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act enacted into federal law in July 2010.  
      132  

Table of Contents  

      Item     9B  .      Other
Information.      Effective November 1, 2016, Edward Lamb, the President of our Western Division, resigned from his position with
the Company. For additional information regarding this resignation, see Part III, Item 11. Executive Compensation under  Summary of Payments Made Upon Termination or a Change of Control.   
 Effective April 1, 2016, each of the employment agreements for Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle were amended to
extend the term of such agreements through March 31, 2019.       PART III   
    Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   
 The following table sets forth the name, age and position of the directors and executive officers of IAS and executive officers of IASIS. See
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.       

Name   
    
  Age  
    
    Position   
    
  IAS  
    
  IASIS   

W. Carl Whitmer 
    
 52 
    
 Director, Chief Executive Officer and President 
    
 X 
    
 X  
 
 Phillip J. Mazzuca 
    
 57 
    
 Chief Operating Officer 
    
 X 
    
 X  
 
 John M. Doyle 
    
 56 
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
    
 X 
    
 X  
 
 James Moake 
    
 47 
    
 Operations Chief Financial Officer 
    
 X 
    
 X  
 
 Larry Hancock 
    
 58 
    
 President, Western Division 
    
 X 
    
 X  
 
 Bryanie W. Swilley 
    
 56 
    
 President, Eastern Division 
    
 X 
    
 X  
 
 Peter Stanos 
    
 53 
    
 Vice President, Ethics and Business Practices 
    
 X 
    
 X  
 
 Mike Uchrin 
    
 40 
    
 Chief Executive Officer, Health Choice Arizona, Inc. 

X  
 
 David R. White 
    
 69 
    
 Chairman of the Board 
    
 X 

Jonathan J. Coslet 
    
 52 
    
 Director 
    
 X 

David Dupree 
    
 63 
    
 Director 
    
 X 

Thomas C. Geiser 
    
 66 
    
 Director 
    
 X 

Kirk E. Gorman 
    
 66 
    
 Director 
    
 X 

Todd B. Sisitsky 
    
 45 
    
 Director 
    
 X 

Paul S. Levy 
    
 69 
    
 Director 
    
 X 

Jeffrey C. Lightcap 
    
 57 
    
 Director 
    
 X 

Sharad Mansukani 
    
 47 
    
 Lead Independent Director 
    
 X 

W. Carl Whitmer  became a Director of IAS in April 2010. He has served as President since April 2010 and
was appointed Chief Executive Officer in November 2010. Prior to that time, he served as Chief Financial Officer since November 2001 and Vice President and Treasurer from March 2000 to October 2001. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Whitmer
served in various roles including Vice President of Finance and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of PhyCor Inc., where he was employed from July 1994 through February 2000. Mr. Whitmer s responsibilities at PhyCor included mergers and
acquisitions, capital planning and management, investor relations, treasury management and external financial reporting. Prior to joining PhyCor Inc., Mr. Whitmer served as a Senior Manager with the accounting firm of KPMG LLP, where he was
employed from July 1986 to July 1994. Mr. Whitmer previously served on the board of directors, including the audit committee, of Fenwal Transfusion Therapies and currently serves as a director of NorthStar Anesthesia, LLC.  
  Phillip J. Mazzuca  was appointed Chief Operating Officer in October 2010. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Mazzuca served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Brim Holdings, Inc., for the previous two years. Prior to joining Brim Holdings, Inc., Mr. Mazzuca served for three years as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Charlotte, North
Carolina-based MedCath Corporation, where he oversaw the Company s hospital operations. Starting in 1999, he spent six years at IASIS, rising to Division President for the Texas and Florida markets. In previous years, Mr. Mazzuca served in
operations leadership roles for a number of hospitals and hospital companies, including Chief Executive Officer of hospitals in several states including Alabama, California, Illinois and Virginia.  
  John M. Doyle  has served as Chief Financial Officer since April 2010. Prior to that time, he served as Vice President and Chief
Accounting Officer since July 2006 and Vice President and Treasurer from April 2002 to July 2006. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Doyle was a Senior Manager at Ernst   Young LLP from February 1997 until March 2002 and at KPMG LLP
from August 1994 to January 1997, where he specialized in healthcare audit and business advisory services, including mergers and acquisitions. In addition, from October 1991 to August 1994, Mr. Doyle was the Chief Financial Officer for two
community hospitals in East Tennessee and North Carolina.  
      133  

Table of Contents  

   James Moake  has served as Operations Chief Financial Officer since February 2005. Prior to
that time, he served as a Division Chief Financial Officer since March 2003. From November 2002 to March 2003, Mr. Moake served as Operations Controller. Prior to joining our Company, from March 2000 to November 2002, he served as the Chief
Financial Officer for two regional medical centers of Province Healthcare Corporation. Mr. Moake served as the Chief Financial Officer of HMA, Inc. s Community Hospital of Lancaster (PA) from July 1999 to March 2000 and the Assistant Chief
Financial Officer of HMA, Inc. s Biloxi Regional Medical Center (MS) from June 1998 to June 1999. From December 1994 to May 1998, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Grant Regional Health Center, Inc. in Wisconsin.  
  Larry D. Hancock  was named as President Western Division, effective November 30, 2016. In this role, Mr. Hancock oversees our
Colorado and Utah hospitals. Prior to serving in this role, Mr. Hancock had served since June 2015 as a Senior Partner and consultant of ERH Healthcare, which leases, manages, owns, and provides consulting services to small, distressed or
underperforming, where Mr. Hancock was responsible for consulting services and development.   In addition, from February 2007 to May 2015, Mr. Hancock served as Regional Vice President Central Region of Intermountain Healthcare, where he
was responsible for all operations of Intermountain s Central Region, including its flagship hospital, Intermountain Medical Center. Prior to that, he served as the Company s President Utah Market from June 2003 to February 2007,
where he oversaw the operational performance and development of the Company s Utah hospitals.     Bryanie W. Swilley  was promoted
to President Eastern Division, effective July 1, 2012. Prior to that time, Mr. Swilley served twelve years as Chief Executive Officer of Jordan Valley Medical Center, including the last five of which he also served as Chief Executive
Officer of Pioneer Valley Hospital.     Peter Stanos  has served as Vice President, Ethics   Business Practices since April
2003. Prior to that time, he served as Regional Director Clinical Operations for our Utah market since July 2002. Prior to joining our Company, from May 2000 until July 2002, Mr. Stanos was employed by Province Healthcare Corporation as Chief
Quality Officer of Havasu Regional Medical Center and as Regional Director of Quality and Resource Management. From 1997 until 2000, Mr. Stanos was employed by HCA and Triad Hospitals, Inc. as an Associate Administrator and Director of Quality
and Resource Management, Materials, Pharmacy and Risk Management. Prior to joining HCA, Mr. Stanos served as Regional Director of several healthcare companies, as well as an independent healthcare consultant.  
  Mike Uchrin  has served as Chief Executive Officer of Health Choice since April 2012. Mr. Uchrin joined Health Choice in 2002 as a
project manager and later became our Director of Information Technology, before becoming our Chief Operating Officer, a position he held for the five years previous to his promotion to Chief Executive Officer.  
  David R. White  serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of IAS. Mr. White served as our Chief Executive Officer from
December 1, 2000 to October 2010 and President from May 2001 through May 2004. Mr. White served as President and Chief Executive Officer of LifeTrust, an assisted living company, from November 1998 until November 2000. From June 1994 to
September 1998, Mr. White served as President of the Atlantic Group at Columbia/HCA, where he was responsible for 45 hospitals located in nine states. Previously, Mr. White was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at
Community Health Systems, Inc., a  for-profit  hospital management company that operated approximately 20 acute-care hospitals.  
  Jonathan J. Coslet  became a Director of IAS in June 2004. Mr. Coslet is a TPG Senior Partner. Mr. Coslet also is a member of
the firm s Investment Committee and Management Committee. Prior to joining TPG in 1993, Mr. Coslet was in the Investment Banking Department of Donaldson, Lufkin   Jenrette, specializing in leveraged acquisitions and high yield
finance from 1991 to 1993. Mr. Coslet serves on the boards of directors of PETCO Animal Supplies, Inc., Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc. and LifeTime Fitness, Inc.  
  David Dupree  became a Director of IAS in April 2007. Mr. Dupree has been Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of The
Halifax Group ( Halifax ) since 1999. Mr. Dupree serves on numerous Halifax portfolio boards. Prior to  co-founding  Halifax, Mr. Dupree was a Managing Director and Partner with The Carlyle
Group, where he was primarily responsible for investments in health, wellness and related sectors. Prior to joining The Carlyle Group in 1992, Mr. Dupree was a Principal in Corporate Finance with Montgomery Securities. Mr. Dupree is a
Director Emeritus of Whole Foods Market, Inc., a natural and organic foods supermarket company where he served as director from 1997 until 2008 and was a director of Primo Water Corporation, a supplier of bottled water dispensers, from 2008 to 2010.
    Thomas C. Geiser  became a Director of IAS in January 2014 and has served as a Senior Advisor to TPG since 2006. Previously,
Mr. Geiser served as the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of WellPoint Health Networks Inc. ( WellPoint ) from its inception in 1993 to 2005. Mr. Geiser was responsible for WellPoint s legal, legislative and
regulatory affairs in all fifty states and served as its principal contact with state and federal regulators. Prior to joining WellPoint, Mr. Geiser worked as an attorney in private law practice, coming to WellPoint from Brobeck,
Phleger   Harrison LLP in San Francisco. He serves on the boards of directors for Surgical Care Affiliates, Inc., Imedex Holdco, LLC, the Library Foundation of Los Angeles, and Providence Saint John s Health Center in Santa Monica,
California, and previously served on the board of directors of Origin, Inc., d/b/a Shiftwise and Novasom, Inc. Mr. Geiser earned his J.D. from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law and earned his undergraduate degree in
English from the University of Redlands. Mr. Geiser has extensive expertise and experience providing leadership in legal, legislative, regulatory and compliance affairs to both public and private companies in the healthcare industry.  
      134  

Table of Contents  

   Kirk E. Gorman  was appointed a Director of IAS in August 2004. Mr. Gorman retired as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Thomas Jefferson University earlier in 2016, a position in which he had served since 2014. From 2003 to 2014, Mr. Gorman served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Jefferson Health System. Prior to joining Jefferson Health System, Mr. Gorman served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Universal Health Services, Inc., a public hospital company based in Pennsylvania, from 1987 to February
2003. Mr. Gorman also has 13 years of experience in the banking industry and served as Senior Vice President of Mellon Bank prior to his work in the healthcare industry. Mr. Gorman serves as a director of BioTelemetry Inc., a leading
provider of mobile cardiac outpatient telemetry services, and was a director of Health Management Associates, Inc. until 2014. Mr. Gorman served as a director of Care Investment Trust, a real estate investment and finance company, from 2007 to
2009.     Todd B. Sisitsky  became a Director of IAS in June 2004. Mr. Sisitsky is a TPG Partner, where he leads the firm s
investment activities in the healthcare services and pharmaceutical/medical device sectors. In addition to our Company, he played leadership roles in connection with investments by TPG in Aptalis Pharma, Biomet, Inc., Fenwal Transfusion Therapies,
Surgical Care Affiliates, Inc., HealthScope, IMS Health Holdings, Inc., Immucor, Inc. and Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. Mr. Sisitsky serves on the boards of directors of Endo International PLC,   Immucor Inc., Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.
(the predecessor in interest of IMS Health Holdings, Inc.),   Surgical Care Affiliates, Inc., and Adare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Mr. Sisitsky also served on the boards of directors of Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. through September 2015, and
Ziomet Biomet Holdings, Inc. (formerly Biomet, Inc.) through November 2012. Mr. Sisistky also serves on the boards of directors   the global not-for-profit organization, the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids, as well as on the Dartmouth Medical
School Board of Overseers. Prior to joining TPG in 2003, Mr. Sisitsky worked at Forstmann Little   Company and Oak Hill Capital Partners.  
  Paul S. Levy  has been a Director of IAS since October 1999. Mr. Levy is a Managing Director of JLL Partners, Inc.
( JLL ), which he founded in 1988. Mr. Levy serves as a director of several companies, including American Dental Partners, Inc., Builders FirstSource, Inc., The J.G. Wentworth Company, and Medical Card Systems, Inc.  
  Jeffrey C. Lightcap  has been a Director of IAS since October 1999. Since October 2006, Mr. Lightcap is a founding partner and the
Senior Managing Director of HealthCor Partners Management, LP ( HCP ). Prior to joining HCP, Mr. Lightcap was a Senior Managing Director at JLL, which he joined in June 1997. From February 1993 to May 1997, Mr. Lightcap was a
Managing Director at Merrill Lynch   Co., Inc., where he was the head of leveraged buyout firm coverage for the mergers   acquisitions group. Mr. Lightcap also serves as a director of CareView Communications, Inc., a
healthcare technology provider.     Sharad Mansukani  became a Director of IAS in April 2005 and was appointed Lead Independent
Director in June 2015. Dr. Mansukani serves as a Senior Advisor to TPG, and serves on the faculty at both the University of Pennsylvania and Temple University School of Medicine. Dr. Mansukani previously served as a senior advisor to the
Administrator of CMS from 2003 to 2005 and as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Health Partners, a  non-profit  Medicaid and Medicare health plan owned at the time by Philadelphia-area
hospitals. Dr. Mansukani completed a residency and fellowship in ophthalmology at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and a fellowship in quality management and managed care at the Wharton School of Business. Dr. Mansukani
also served as a director of HealthSpring, Inc. from 2007 until January 2012 and currently serves as a director of Surgical Care Affiliates, Inc and Kindred Healthcare, Inc.  
  Director Qualifications     IAS owns 100% of
the common interests of the Company. The certificate of incorporation and  by-laws  of IAS provide that its board of directors will consist of not less than four nor more than 15 members, the exact number of
which shall be determined by the affirmative vote of the holders of the majority of the outstanding stock of IAS (which is controlled by IASIS Investment, LLC ( IASIS Investment ), an investment vehicle controlled by an affiliate of TPG).
Our board of directors is currently comprised of ten directors. The directors are elected at the annual meeting of stockholders for  one-year  terms and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
   Pursuant to the limited liability company operating agreement of IASIS Investment, currently JLL may nominate two directors to IAS 
board of directors. TPG may nominate the remaining directors. Messrs. Levy and Lightcap serve on IAS  board of directors as designees of JLL. The remaining directors serve as designees of TPG.  
 The Board of Directors seeks to ensure the Board is composed of members whose particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills,
when taken together, will allow the Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively. In identifying candidates for membership on the Board, the Board considers (1) minimum individual qualifications, such as high ethical standards,
integrity, mature and careful judgment, industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the Board and (2) all other factors it considers appropriate, including alignment with our stockholders,
especially investment funds affiliated with our sponsors. While we have no specific diversity policies for considering Board candidates, we believe each director contributes to the Board of Directors  overall diversity diversity being
broadly construed to mean a variety of opinions, perspectives, personal and professional experiences and backgrounds.    When considering
whether the directors and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, to enable the Board of Directors to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the Company s business and structure, the Board of
Directors focused primarily on the information discussed in each of the directors  biographical information set forth above.  
      135  

Table of Contents  

  Each of the directors possesses high ethical standards, acts with integrity, and exercises
careful, mature judgment. Each is committed to employing their skills and abilities to aid the long-term interests of the stakeholders of the Company. In addition, our directors are knowledgeable and experienced in one or more business,
governmental, or civic endeavors, which further qualifies them for service as members of the Board of Directors. Alignment with our stockholders is important in building value at the Company.  
 As a group, the  non-management  directors possess experience in owning and managing enterprises like
the Company and are familiar with corporate finance, strategic business planning activities and issues involving stakeholders.    Our
management director brings leadership, extensive business, operating, financial, legal and policy experience, and knowledge of our Company and the Company s industry, to the Board of Directors. In addition, the management director brings the
broad strategic vision for our Company to the Board of Directors.     Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert   
 IAS  board of directors has a standing audit committee. The current members of the audit committee are Messrs. Geiser, Lightcap and
Gorman. IAS  board of directors has determined that Mr. Gorman is an  audit committee financial expert  as that term is defined by SEC regulations. See  Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence IASIS Investment Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement  for further discussion regarding director independence.  
  Code of Ethics     We have adopted a code of
ethics for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics has been posted on our Internet website at www.iasishealthcare.com under
 About IASIS: Code of Ethics.  Please note that our Internet website address is provided as an inactive textual reference only. We will disclose within four business days any amendments to, or waivers of, the Code of Ethics granted to any
of our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website rather than by filing a Form
 8-K.      Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   
 Our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 10% of our equity securities are not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to their relationship with us because we do not have equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act.  
     Item     11.       Executive Compensation.    
  COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS      Executive Summary
    This section discusses the principles underlying our executive compensation policies and decisions. It provides qualitative
information regarding the manner in which compensation is earned by our executive officers and places in context the data in the tables that follow. We address the compensation paid or awarded during our 2016 fiscal year to the following executive
officers: W. Carl Whitmer, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Philip J. Mazzuca, our Chief Operating Officer; John M. Doyle, our Chief Financial Officer; Edward H. Lamb, who formerly served as President of our Western Division and whose
employment terminated with the Company on November 1, 2016 (following the end of our 2016 fiscal year); and Bryanie W. Swilley, President of our Eastern Division. We refer to these five individuals as our  named executive officers. 
   Since the equity of our Company is owned by a group of sophisticated investment funds that also control our Board of Directors, our
compensation structure is largely driven by these investment funds, which draw upon their extensive experience and expertise regarding executive compensation structures and incentives. Our Compensation Committee (the  Committee ) is
composed of David R. White, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of IAS, Jeffrey C. Lightcap, a representative of JLL, and Todd B. Sisitsky, a TPG partner, who chairs the Committee.  
 The Committee seeks to design compensation policies that motivate executive officers to grow the Company s value, aligning the
officers  financial interests with the Company s investors while encouraging long-term executive retention. These policies have enabled us to attract and retain a senior executive team comprised of talented individuals with deep healthcare
industry experience. To promote top performance and long-term retention, under the Committee s direction and supervision, we have developed a compensation structure that uses base salary to compensate our executives in a fixed manner, while
also offering annual cash incentive compensation opportunities designed to focus our management team on our Company s annual strategic and operational objectives. The Company did not pay any cash incentive compensation to our named executive
officers in respect of fiscal year 2016 as the result of the fact that the Company s financial performance fell short of our applicable cash incentive targets for this fiscal year. We also from time to time have granted long-term equity grants
designed to focus our management team on our Company s long-term strategic and operational objectives, but did not make any such long-term equity awards to our named executive officers in fiscal year 2016. The Committee believes that our named
executive officers should be properly rewarded for contributing to our success through incentive-based awards.  
      136  

Table of Contents  

   The Executive Compensation Process   
   The Compensation Committee      The
Committee oversees and administers our executive compensation program, with input and recommendations from, and certain delegations to, our Chief Executive Officer, as described further below.  
 Mr. Sisitsky, the Chair of the Committee, makes final decisions regarding the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer in consultation
with other members of the Committee. Annually, the  non-executive  directors of the Board of Directors evaluate the performance of our Chief Executive Officer and that evaluation is then communicated to the
Chief Executive Officer by Mr. Sisitsky, which evaluation is utilized by Mr. Sisitsky and the Committee in determining the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer. Our Chief Executive Officer makes recommendations to Mr. Sisitsky
and the Committee regarding compensation decisions for our Chief Operating Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Our Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Sisitsky, along with the full Committee, discuss these recommendations before reaching a
final decision with respect to such compensation decisions. Regarding the other named executive officers, our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for conducting reviews and making compensation decisions, subject to the oversight of the Committee.
   During our fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Committee and the Company did not rely on the advice or reports of any external
compensation consultant in making compensation decisions. As TPG has substantial experience and expertise in executive compensation, including executive compensation practices at its own portfolio companies (which include other healthcare industry
companies), and sometimes internally employs compensation experts, the Committee may from time to time rely upon such internal experience and expertise provided by TPG and TPG s compensation experts at no cost to the Company.  
 Our Chief Executive Officer plays an important role in many compensation decisions. However, our Chief Executive Officer does not participate
in decisions regarding his own compensation. Other executive officers also may attend the Committee meetings and participate only as and if required by the Committee (but would not participate in discussions involving their own compensation).  
   Process      The Committee s
process for determining executive compensation with respect to our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Operating Officer and our Chief Financial Officer involves consideration of executive compensation practices at TPG s portfolio companies and
the highly competitive market for healthcare executives. While the Committee does not benchmark to any specified peer group or seek to set compensation in relation to compensation paid or payable at other healthcare industry companies, our
management team prepares for the Committee informal schedules that compare our executives  compensation to the compensation offered by certain comparable companies in the acute hospital industry that file such information with the SEC. The
Committee also, from time to time, utilizes analysis performed by TPG that compares the compensation of our executive officers with that of other portfolio companies or private-equity backed companies, to the extent internally or publicly available.
These comparisons are part of the total mix of information used to annually evaluate base salary, short-term and long-term incentive compensation and total compensation with the goal of ensuring that the compensation paid to our named executive
officers is reasonably competitive in comparison to compensation available to executives at comparable companies. Since one of the objectives of our compensation program is to consistently reward and retain top performers, compensation also will
vary depending on individual and Company performance, and reflect the bargaining and negotiations associated with attracting and retaining the individuals who serve as our executive officers.  
   Pay for Performance      Our
compensation philosophy seeks to align compensation with both Company and individual performance. Regarding our named executive officers, the primary factor we use in structuring annual  non-equity  incentive
compensation for Messrs. Whitmer, Mazzuca and Doyle is consolidated adjusted EBITDA (as defined in Note 13, Segment and geographic information, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report), subject to certain
adjustments as may be determined by the Committee, compared to our Company target for such year. We believe that consolidated adjusted EBITDA currently represents the best measure of our Company s operating performance, financial health and
long-term value creation. Other factors that may be considered in the Committee s discretion in any particular year include:      

Individual, company or division performance including certain quality and customer service metrics, along with other core performance measures;    

Year-over-year growth in adjusted EBITDA;        

Free cash flow;        

Return on equity;        

Peer company comparisons, including comparisons of net revenue growth, expense margins and return on capital;    
      137  

Table of Contents  

Execution of key strategic initiatives and transactions, including business and provider network development efforts that enhance shareholder value;    

Promotion of an effective, company-wide program that fosters a culture of legal compliance; and        

Response to unusual or extreme events.      With respect to Messrs. Lamb and Swilley, the primary factor we used
in structuring annual  non-equity  incentive compensation in 2016 was the adjusted EBITDA of the Company s Western and Eastern Divisions, respectively.  
 Another component of the Company s pay for performance compensation philosophy is to promote equity holdings by our executive officers
through issuing long-term equity awards from time to time, although the Company did not make any long-term equity grants to our named executive officers during fiscal year 2016. See  Long-Term Incentive Compensation  below.  
   Compensation Mix      As discussed in
more detail below, in fiscal year 2016, our executive compensation program was comprised of various elements, including base salary and short-term incentive compensation. Although it allocates no fixed percentage of the executive compensation
packages to each of these elements, the Committee seeks to achieve a balance among these elements to motivate our named executive officers to grow the Company s value, align their financial interests with the interests of the Company s
investors, and encourage long-term executive retention. No short-term incentive compensation was paid to the Company s named executive officers in fiscal year 2016.  
   Internal Pay Equity      Internal pay
equity is not a material factor taken into account in the Committee s compensation decisions regarding our named executive officers. The Committee believes that the variation in compensation among the named executive officers is reasonable and
appropriate in light of each executive s experience, individual contribution, level of responsibility and general importance to the Company.  
  Components of the Executive Compensation Program   
  Employment Agreements     Mr. Whitmer
and the Company negotiated a new employment agreement with the Company upon his promotion to President during fiscal year 2010. Mr. Doyle entered into an employment agreement upon his promotion to Chief Financial Officer during fiscal year
2010. Mr. Mazzuca s employment agreement was negotiated and entered into in connection with his return to the Company at the beginning of fiscal year 2011. Mr. Lamb entered into an employment agreement upon joining the Company in
fiscal year 2011. Mr. Swilley entered into an employment agreement upon his promotion to President of our Eastern Division in fiscal year 2012. During fiscal year 2016, the employment agreements for Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and
Mr. Doyle were amended to extend the term of the agreements through March 31, 2019. Effective November 1, 2016, Mr. Lamb resigned from his position with the Company.  
  Base Salary     Base salary represents the
fixed component of our named executive officers  compensation and is intended to reflect the executive s competence in his roles and responsibilities with the Company. The Committee attempts to maintain base salaries at competitive levels
while also reserving a substantial portion of target compensation for the other compensation elements directly related to Company and individual performance.  
 The Committee annually reviews base salaries of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. The
Chief Executive Officer decides all base salary increases for other executive officers. Any base salary increase during this annual process is intended to compensate the executive for exceptional performance or contributions, cost of living
increases, changes in responsibility and changes in the competitive landscape. Base salaries also may be adjusted at any time during the year if Mr. Sisitsky, the Committee, and/or the Chief Executive Officer (other than, in the case of the
Chief Executive Officer, with respect to his own compensation) finds it necessary or advisable to maintain a competitive level or to compensate an individual for increased responsibility or achievement.  
 Our named executive officers  initial base salaries were established as part of the employment agreements each negotiated with the
Company as described above, and these base salary amounts have been subject to review on at least an annual basis thereafter. Mr. Whitmer s, Mr. Mazzuca s, Mr. Doyle s, Mr. Lamb s
and Mr. Swilley s annual base salaries were $875,500, $643,750, $453,200, $479,838 and $450,759, respectively, during fiscal year 2016. Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle each received base salary increases of 3.0%
in fiscal year 2016. Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley each received base salary increases of 2.5% and 2.1%, respectively, in fiscal year 2016.  
      138  

Table of Contents  

   Short-Term Incentive Compensation   
 Our named executive officers are eligible to earn cash incentive awards under the Corporate Incentive Plan (in the case of Mr. Whitmer,
Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle) or the Market Executive Incentive Plan (in the case of Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley), based primarily upon the level of achievement of Company financial performance metrics as set forth below. The
range of potential percentage payouts for Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca, Mr. Doyle, Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley are set forth in accordance with their employment agreements.  
 Each fiscal year, the Company, with the input of members of the Board of Directors and our sponsors, establishes target levels for
consolidated adjusted EBITDA and, in certain years, other operating metrics such as revenue growth, operating cash flows and free cash flow to be used both for compensation and budgeting purposes. The primary consideration in determining whether our
chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief operating officer receive short-term cash incentive compensation is our consolidated adjusted EBITDA ultimately achieved for the fiscal year (after taking into account certain adjustments as
deemed appropriate by the Committee) versus the consolidated adjusted EBITDA target levels. The performance of our divisions during the year versus the adjusted EBITDA target levels for such divisions was the primary factor in determining whether
bonuses were paid to our Eastern and Western Division presidents. We establish threshold (other than with respect to Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley), target and maximum target incentive levels each fiscal year in accordance with each named
executive officer s employment agreement, where applicable, which levels we believe to be consistent with the executive s position in the Company.  
 For fiscal year 2016, we established the following annual incentive target levels for our named executive officers:  
   Annual Short-Term Incentive Award Ranges (as a Percentage of Base Salary and a Dollar Amount) for Fiscal Year 2016    
   
   The primary factor in calculating short-term incentive compensation payouts for Messrs. Whitmer, Mazzuca and
Doyle for fiscal year 2016 was consolidated adjusted EBITDA. Mr. Sisitsky or the Committee may also consider, in his or its respective discretion, other qualitative and quantitative factors in awarding annual incentive compensation to these
named executive officers in either determining whether an incentive payment is to be made or determining the amount of the incentive paid, including the individual performance of such named executive officers. For fiscal year 2016, the other factors
were not considered by the Committee for these named executive officers. For Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley, the primary factor in calculating short-term incentive compensation payable to such individuals for fiscal year 2016 was adjusted EBITDA
of the Company s Western and Eastern Divisions, respectively. The Committee and Mr. Whitmer may also consider, in its or his respective discretion, other qualitative and quantitative factors in awarding annual incentive compensation to our
executive officers.    For the short-term cash incentive compensation payable to Messrs. Whitmer, Mazzuca and Doyle in respect of fiscal
year 2016, the Committee considered an EBITDA calculation based on the Company s consolidated adjusted EBITDA (as defined in Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements), after making certain adjustments as deemed appropriate by the
Committee, an approach which we believe is customary and appropriate for executive compensation. Adjusted EBITDA earned by the Company in fiscal year 2016 for short-term incentive compensation purposes fell below the Company s fiscal year 2016
threshold amount. In addition, the adjusted EBITDA of both the Company s Western and Eastern Divisions was less than the Company fiscal year 2016 target amount for these divisions. In light of the Company s results, the Committee did not
award any short-term incentive compensation to any of its named executive officers.  
      139  

Table of Contents  

   Long-Term Incentive Compensation   
 Our executive officer compensation program historically has had a substantial equity component, as we believe superior equity investors 
returns are achieved through a culture that focuses on long-term performance by our named executive officers and other key associates. By providing our executives with an equity stake in IAS, we can better align the interests of our named executive
officers and our investors.    We have periodically made equity grants to our named executive officers in recent years but did not make any
such grants in fiscal year 2016 or fiscal year 2015. In fiscal year 2014, as part of our management retention and incentive efforts, we granted time-vesting stock options and time-vesting RSUs to our named executive officers, and also implemented a
program pursuant to which holders (including named executive officers) were permitted to exchange     out-of-the-money    
options for time-vesting RSUs. For additional information regarding these actions in fiscal year 2014, see the Summary Compensation Table below and the notes thereto, as well as the section below captioned  The 2004 Stock Option Plan. 
   We historically made equity grants pursuant to the Amended and Restated IASIS 2004 Stock Option Plan (the  2004 Stock Option
Plan ), which expired in June of 2014 (although equity awards previously granted under the 2004 Stock Option Plan continue to remain outstanding following the expiration of the plan under the terms of the plan as in effect upon expiration). The
outstanding options previously granted to our named executive officers under the 2004 Stock Option Plan have been time-based options, vesting ratably on an annual basis over either a four-year period or five-year period from the date of grant
(depending on the particular option grant), generally subject in all cases to the individual continuing to provide services to the Company as of such date. We have no formal practices regarding the timing of option grants.  
 The RSUs granted to our named executive officers in fiscal year 2014 were time-based RSUs which vest in full on the third anniversary of the
grant date, subject in all cases to the individual continuing to provide services to the Company as of such date. Upon vesting, the RSUs will either be settled in shares of IAS common stock corresponding to the number of RSUs underlying the grant or
in cash based upon the then-current fair market value of a share of IAS common stock, at the discretion of the Company.    We did not make
any long-term equity grants to our named executive officers during fiscal year 2016, due to the Committee s view that the current equity holdings of our named executive officers provided sufficient long-term incentives. During fiscal year 2016,
the Board of Directors approved the exercise of 17,650 vested options held by Messsrs. Whitmer, Doyle and Swilley with near-term expiration dates to purchase common stock of IAS on a cashless net settlement basis.  
   Non-Qualified  Executive Savings Plan   
 We provide certain of our employees with the opportunity to participate in a  non-qualified  executive
savings plan. Mr. Lamb was the only named executive officer who participated in this plan in fiscal year 2016. The plan is a voluntary,  tax-deferred  savings vehicle that is available to select management
or highly compensated employees. The executive savings plan was implemented to assist in the recruitment and retention of key executives by providing the ability to defer additional  pre-tax  compensation over
the limits allowed by the IASIS 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (the  IASIS 401(k) Plan ).    There are two types of elective
deferrals available under the plan. First, a participant can elect to defer up to 100% of his or her compensation. In addition, a participant can elect to make excess deferrals. Excess deferrals are contributions deposited into the  non-qualified  executive savings plan because either (a) the participant s earnings have exceeded the dollar amount stipulated under Section 401(a)(17) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the  Internal Revenue Code ) ($265,000 in 2016) and/or (b) the participant s deferrals into the IASIS 401(k) Plan have reached the dollar limit stipulated under Section 402(g) of the Internal Revenue Code ($18,000
in 2016). Excess deferrals are automatically deposited into the  non-qualified  executive savings plan if these limits are reached. Executive excess deferrals are matched at the same rate as contributions to the
IASIS 401(k) Plan. There is a five-year service requirement for participants to vest in Company excess matching contributions.    These
contributions are voluntary and are capped according to IRS guidelines for such a plan. The  non-qualified  executive savings plan offers a range of investment options that act as  benchmark funds. 
Benchmark funds are defined as the investment fund or funds used to represent the performance and current deemed balance of a participant s  non-qualified  account, which is a notional deferred compensation
account. Contributions become part of our general assets. Investment options under the  non-qualified  executive savings plan are similar to those available under the IASIS 401(k) Plan.  
 Distributions under the plan will be made in a lump sum upon an eligible employee s death, disability or separation from service, unless
an alternative time and form of distribution is timely elected in accordance with plan terms. In addition, an eligible employee can petition for an immediate distribution of his or her account balance in the event of an unforeseeable emergency.  

      140  

Table of Contents  

   Severance and Change in Control Agreements   
 Our named executive officers are entitled to severance and change in control benefits pursuant to the terms of their negotiated employment
agreements. These benefits are further described in the section  Summary of Payments Made Upon Termination or Change in Control.  We believe that reasonable severance and change in control benefits are appropriate to be competitive in our
executive retention efforts. In agreeing to these benefits, the Board of Directors recognized that it may be difficult for such executives to find comparable employment within a short time period. In addition, the Board of Directors recognized that
formalized severance and change in control arrangements are common benefits offered by employers competing for similar senior executive talent. Information regarding payments and benefits under such agreements for the named executive officers is
provided under  Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table  and  Summary of Payments Made Upon Termination or Change in Control.   
  Perquisites     From time to time we agree
to provide certain executives with perquisites. We provide these perquisites sparingly, where we believe they are necessary to attract key talent and to enhance business efficiency. We believe that these perquisites are in line with market practice.
For fiscal year 2016, we paid insurance premiums for group term life insurance for the named executive officers.     Risk Assessment   
 The Committee has reviewed our compensation programs and has concluded that the risks arising from our compensation practices are not
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us.     Impact of Tax and Accounting Rules   
 The forms of our executive compensation are largely dictated by our capital structure and other considerations and have not been designed to
achieve any particular accounting treatment. We take tax considerations into account, both to avoid tax disadvantages, and obtain tax advantages where reasonably possible consistent with our compensation goals.  
 Because our common stock is not publicly traded, our executive compensation is notsubject to the provisions of Section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code, as amended, which generally limits the deductibility of compensation paid to certain executive officers of publicly held companies in excess of $1.0 million unless certain performance-based and other requirements are met.
    Recovery of Certain Awards     As a
voluntary filer, we have no formal policy with respect to the recovery of incentive compensation paid to our executives in connection with any restatement of financial results or other adverse events.  
  Compensation Committee Conclusion     The
Committee s philosophy for executive pay for fiscal year 2016 reflects the unique attributes of our Company and each executive individually in our pay positioning policies, emphasizing an overall analysis of the executive s performance for
the prior year, projected role and responsibilities, required impact on execution of our strategy, vulnerability to recruitment by other companies, external pay practices, total cash compensation and equity positioning internally, current equity
holdings, and other factors the Committee deemed appropriate. We believe our approach to executive compensation during fiscal year 2016 emphasized significant time and performance-based elements intended to promote long-term investor value and
strongly aligned the interests of our executive officers with those of investors.     Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation   
 During fiscal year 2016, the Committee was composed of David R. White, Todd B. Sisitsky and Jeffrey C. Lightcap. Mr. White serves as the
Chairman of our Board of Directors and served as our Chief Executive Officer until November 1, 2010. Mr. Sisitsky and Mr. Lightcap are Directors of IAS. None of our executive officers serves, or since October 1, 2015, has served,
as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has or had one or more of its executive officers serving on the Board of Directors or the Committee. Mr. Sisitsky is a nominee of, and is affiliated with, TPG;
Mr. White is a nominee of TPG; and Mr. Lightcap is a nominee of JLL. See  Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.   
      141  

Table of Contents  

   Compensation Committee Report   
 The Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based upon such review and discussions, the
Committee has recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Report.    Compensation Committee:
   Todd B. Sisitsky    David R. White  
 Jeffrey C. Lightcap  
      142  

Table of Contents  

   Summary Compensation Table   
 The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, the compensation earned by our named
executive officers. There are no above-market or preferential earnings on deferred compensation. Consequently, the table does not include earnings on deferred amounts. None of the named executive officers are eligible for pension benefits as we have
no defined benefit program.      

(1) 
 The amounts in this column for fiscal year 2014 reflect  one-time  discretionary transaction-related cash bonuses related to accomplishing certain significant strategic initiatives.
No such discretionary bonuses were paid in fiscal years 2015 or 2016.    

(2) 
 The amounts reported represent the grant date fair value calculated under ASC 718 for RSUs granted during fiscal year 2014. (No amount is included in the table above with respect to RSUs issued pursuant to the RSU
Exchange during fiscal year 2014 because there was no grant date value associated with such grant under ASC Topic 718. This is because the RSUs were issued in a value for value exchange for options for which the Company had previously taken an
accounting charge.) There is no certainty that the named executive officer will realize any value from RSUs and to the extent they do, the amounts realized may not correlate to the amounts reported above. Refer to Note 8, Stock-based compensation,
in the Company s consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of the assumptions used to determine the grant date fair value of these awards.    

(3) 
 The amounts reported represent the grant date fair value calculated under ASC 718 of option awards granted during fiscal year 2014. The amounts reported for 2014 also include the incremental fair value calculated
regarding option exercise price adjustments resulting from a shareholder return of capital as follows: Mr. Whitmer, $472,906; Mr. Mazzuca, $28,781; Mr. Doyle, $74,717; Mr. Lamb, $13,215; and Mr. Swilley, $26,951. There is no
certainty that the named executive officer will realize any value from these options or the exercise price adjustments and to the extent they do, the amounts realized may not correlate to the amounts reported above. Refer to Note 8, Stock-based
compensation, in the Company s consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of the assumptions used to determine the grant date fair value of these awards.    

(4) 
 Represents compensation to the named executive officers paid under the Company s Corporate Incentive Plan for Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle, and compensation paid under the Company s Market Executive
Incentive Plan for Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley.    

(5) 
 The amounts in this column reflect, for each named executive officer, with respect to fiscal year 2016, the sum of (i) the amounts contributed by the Company to the IASIS 401(k) Plan and/or  non-qualified  executive savings plan on behalf of the named executive officer, and (ii) the dollar value of insurance premiums paid for group term life insurance.    
 Listed in the table below are the dollar values of the amounts reported in this column for fiscal year 2016.  
      143  

Table of Contents  

(6) 
 Effective November 1, 2016 (following the end of the Company s 2016 fiscal year), Mr. Lamb resigned from his position with the Company.    
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2016       

(1) 
 Represents threshold, target and maximum performance goal achievement payout levels established under our annual cash incentive plans for fiscal year 2016 performance. No amounts were paid to each named executive
officer for fiscal year 2016 performance.       Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table
      Base Salary and Award Targets    
 Mr. Whitmer s base salary during fiscal year 2016 was $875,500. Mr. Whitmer was eligible to receive an annual incentive plan
threshold award of 20% of his base salary, an annual incentive plan target award of 100% of his base salary and an annual incentive plan maximum award of 200% of his base salary in respect of fiscal year 2016 performance.  
 Mr. Mazzuca s base salary during fiscal year 2016 was $643,750. Mr. Mazzuca was eligible to receive an annual incentive plan
threshold award of 10% of his base salary, an annual incentive plan target award of 75% of his base salary and an annual incentive plan maximum award of 150% of his base salary in respect of fiscal year 2016 performance.  
 Mr. Doyle s base salary during fiscal year 2016 was $453,200. Mr. Doyle was eligible to receive an annual incentive plan
threshold award of 10% of his base salary, an annual incentive plan target award of 50% of his base salary and an annual incentive plan maximum award of 100% of his base salary in respect of fiscal year 2016 performance.  
 Mr. Lamb s base salary during fiscal year 2016 was $479,838. Mr. Lamb was eligible to receive an annual incentive plan target
award of 50% of his base salary and an annual incentive plan maximum award of 100% of his base salary in respect of fiscal year 2016 performance.  
 Mr. Swilley s base salary during fiscal year 2016 was $450,759. Mr. Swilley was eligible to receive an annual incentive plan
target award of 50% of his base salary and an annual incentive plan maximum award of 100% of his base salary in respect of fiscal year 2016 performance.  
      144  

Table of Contents  

    The 2004 Stock Option Plan    
 All outstanding options and restricted stock unit awards held by our named executive officers were granted under the 2004 Stock Option Plan,
which expired on June 22, 2014 (although equity awards previously granted under the 2004 Stock Option Plan continue to remain outstanding following the expiration of the plan under the terms of the plan as in effect upon expiration). No
additional awards may be granted under the 2004 Stock Option Plan as a result of its expiration.    The Company did not grant any stock
options or other equity awards to our named executive officers during fiscal year 2016.    During fiscal year 2014, the Board of Directors
approved certain equity transactions (the  Equity Transactions ) to incentivize our management team. Our current named executive officers received the following in connection with the Equity Transactions: (i) the issuance, prior to
the expiration of the 2004 Stock Option Plan, of 490,000 options to purchase common stock of IAS; (ii) the exercise of 234,000 options with near-term expiration dates to purchase the common stock of IAS on a cashless net settlement basis;
(iii) the exchange of 504,000     out-of-the-money     options to purchase the common stock of IAS for RSUs on a   5-for-1   ratio that vest at the end of a three year service period; and (iv) the issuance of 345,000 additional RSUs that vest at the end of a three year service period.
   During fiscal year 2016, the Board of Directors approved the exercise of 17,650 vested options held by Messrs. Whitmer, Doyle and Swilley
with near-term expiration dates to purchase common stock of IAS on a cashless net settlement basis.     Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2016  Year-End      The following tables summarize the outstanding equity awards held by each named executive
officer at September 30, 2016.      

(1) 
 Mr. Lamb resigned his position with the Company effective November 1, 2016 (following the end of the Company s 2016 fiscal year). In connection with this resignation, all unvested options were forfeited
at the time of his departure. All vested options remaining unexercised after ninety days subsequent to his departure will be forfeited.    
      145  

Table of Contents  

   Option award vesting schedule: named executive officers   

(1) 
 The amounts reported in this column equal the number of RSUs subject to the named executive officer s RSU award multiplied by the fair market value of a share of IAS common stock, based on the then most recent
determination of fair market value made by the Board of Directors.    

(2) 
 Mr. Lamb resigned his position with the Company effective November 1, 2016 (following the end of the Company s 2016 fiscal year). In connection with this resignation, the unvested RSUs set forth in the
table above were forfeited at the time of his departure.       RSU award vesting schedule: named executive officers   
   
    Options Exercised During Fiscal Year 2016   
 The following table reflects the exercise of options by our named executive officers in fiscal year 2016.  
   
    Pension Benefits   
 We maintain a 401(k) plan as previously discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. We do not maintain any defined benefit plans.
 
      146  

Table of Contents  

    Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2016   
 We introduced our  non-qualified  executive savings plan July 1, 2006. The plan is a voluntary,  tax-deferred  savings vehicle that is available to select management or highly compensated employees. The executive savings plan was implemented to contribute to the recruitment and retention of key executives and
other employees, including physicians, by providing the ability to defer additional  pre-tax  compensation over the limits allowed by the IASIS 401(k) Plan.  
 There are two types of elective deferrals available under the plan. First, a participant can elect to defer up to 100% of his or her
compensation. In addition, a participant can elect to make excess deferrals. Excess deferrals are contributions deposited into the  non-qualified  executive savings plan because either (a) the
participant s earnings have exceeded the dollar limit stipulated under Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code ($265,000 in 2016) and/or (b) the participant s deferrals into the IASIS 401(k) Plan have reached the dollar
limit stipulated under Section 402(g) of the Internal Revenue Code ($18,000 in 2016). Excess deferrals are automatically deposited into the  non-qualified  executive savings plan if these limits are
reached. Physician excess deferrals are not matched. Executive excess deferrals are matched at the same rate as contributions to the IASIS 401(k) Plan. There is a five-year service requirement for participants to vest in the Company excess matching
contributions. Mr. Lamb was the only named executive officers who participated in the plan in fiscal year 2016.    The  non-qualified  executive savings plan offers a range of investment options that act as  benchmark funds.  Benchmark funds are defined as the investment fund or funds used to represent the performance and
current deemed balance of a participant s  non-qualified  account, which is a notional deferred compensation account. Contributions become part of our general assets. Investment options under the  non-qualified  executive savings plan are similar to those available under the IASIS 401(k) Plan.  
 Distributions under the plan will be made in a lump sum upon an eligible employee s death, disability or separation from service, unless
an alternative time and form of distribution is timely elected in accordance with plan terms. In addition, an eligible employee can petition for an immediate distribution of his or her account balance in the event of an unforeseeable emergency.  
  Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control   
   Potential Payments to Named Executive Officers    
 Pursuant to the terms of their employment agreements, each of Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca, Mr. Doyle, and Mr. Swilley is
entitled to certain payments and benefits upon a termination of employment with the Company due to the executive s death or disability, upon a termination by the Company with and without  cause  or a resignation by the executive for
 good reason  and, in certain circumstances, in connection with a change of control of the Company. Mr. Lamb was also entitled to receive certain payments and benefits in certain employment termination scenarios pursuant to the terms
of his employment agreement prior to his resignation with the Company effective as of November 1, 2016.      Death    
 The employment agreements provide that the respective estates of Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle are entitled to receive
the following upon the death of such executive:      

(i) 
 all base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to the executive through the date of death;        

(ii) 
 regarding Mr. Whitmer, an amount equal to his base salary at the then-current rate of base salary and the annual cash target bonus;    

(iii) 
 to the extent applicable, an amount equal to the pro rata bonus;        

(iv) 
 regarding Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle, any other death benefits arrangements available to senior executive officers of the Company on the date of termination;    

(v) 
 regarding Mr. Whitmer, the Company will provide the executive s eligible dependents continued health and medical benefits through the date one year after death; the Company may satisfy this obligation by
paying such dependents  health and medical continuation coverage ( COBRA ) premium payments (with the dependents paying the portion of such COBRA payments that the executive was required to pay regarding such dependents prior to
death); and        

(vi) 
 all of the executive s options to purchase shares of capital stock of IAS which are unvested as of death but otherwise scheduled to vest on the first vesting date scheduled to occur following the date of death,
will immediately vest and become exercisable while all remaining unvested options will terminate as of death. All of the vested options must be exercised within the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the date the options were granted or
(b) two years with Mr. Whitmer, and one year with Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle, following the date of death.    
      147  

Table of Contents  

  Mr. Lamb s employment agreement did not provide for benefits to be paid upon death.
Mr. Swilley is eligible to receive, following his death, any annual incentive compensation payable for that year, prorated to reflect the actual number of months worked, provided that Mr. Swilley is employed at the time such bonus is paid.
     Disability      Mr. Whitmer,
Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle are entitled to receive the following upon the disability of such executive:      

(i) 
 all base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to the executive through the date of disability;        

(ii) 
 regarding Mr. Whitmer, a severance amount equal to the executive s base salary at his then-current rate of base salary; provided, however, that if the date of termination is the date of delivery of the final
required physician s opinion that the executive will be disabled for six consecutive months, the payment regarding base salary, with all base salary paid to the executive following the first date that the executive was disabled will equal one
hundred and fifty percent (150%) of the executive s base salary and; provided, further, that amounts payable to the executive must be reduced by the proceeds of any short or long-term disability payments to which the executive may be entitled
during such period under policies maintained at the expense of the Company;        

(iii) 
 regarding Mr. Whitmer, an amount equal to 100% of his annual cash target bonus;        

(iv) 
 to the extent applicable, an amount equal to the pro rata bonus;        

(v) 
 regarding Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle, any other disability benefits arrangements available to senior executive officers of the Company on the date of termination;    

(vi) 
 regarding Mr. Whitmer, the Company will pay for the executive and his eligible dependents  continued health and medical benefits through the date one year after termination; provided, however, that if the date
of termination is the date of delivery of the final physician s opinion referred to above, the Company will provide health and medical benefits through the date eighteen (18) months following the first date that Executive could not perform
his duties; the Company may satisfy this obligation by paying COBRA premium payments regarding the executive and his eligible dependents (with the executive paying the portion of such COBRA payments that executive had to pay prior to termination);
and        

(vii) 
 all of the executive s options to purchase shares of capital stock of IAS which are unvested as of termination but otherwise scheduled to vest on the first vesting date scheduled to occur following the date of
termination, will immediately vest and become exercisable while all remaining unvested options will terminate as of termination. All of the vested options must be exercised within the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the date the options
were granted or (b) two years with Mr. Whitmer, and one year with Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle, from the date of disability.    
 Mr. Lamb s employment agreement did not provide for benefits to be paid upon disability. Mr. Swilley is eligible to receive,
following disability, any annual incentive compensation payable for that year, prorated to reflect the actual number of months worked, provided that Mr. Swilley is employed at the time such bonus is paid.  
   Termination by the Company for Cause    
 Upon termination for cause, our named executive officers are entitled to receive all base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to the
executive through the date of termination.      By the Company without Cause    
 Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle are entitled to receive the following upon the termination by the Company without cause
of such executive:      

(i) 
 all base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to the executive through the date of termination;        

(ii) 
 an amount equal to the sum of (a) two hundred percent (200%), with Mr. Whitmer and Mr. Mazzuca and one hundred fifty percent (150%) with Mr. Doyle, of the executive s base salary at the
then-current rate of base salary and (b) two hundred percent (200%), with Mr. Whitmer and Mr. Mazzuca and one hundred fifty percent (150%) with Mr. Doyle, of the annual cash target bonus;    

(iii) 
 to the extent applicable, an amount equal to the pro rata bonus,        

(iv) 
 a lump sum payment equal to the then present value of all major medical, disability and life insurance coverage through the date two years regarding Mr. Whitmer and Mr. Mazzuca (eighteen months regarding
Mr. Doyle) after termination, provided that under such circumstances the executive shall make all COBRA premium payments on his own behalf; and    
      148  

Table of Contents  

(v) 
 all of the executive s options to purchase shares of capital stock of IAS which are unvested as of termination but otherwise scheduled to vest on the first vesting date scheduled to occur following the date of
termination, will immediately vest and become exercisable while all remaining unvested options will terminate as of termination. All of the vested options must be exercised within the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the date the options
were granted or (b) two years in the case of Mr. Whitmer, and one year in the case of Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle, following the date of termination.    
 Mr. Lamb s employment agreement provided that following his termination by the Company without cause, he was entitled to receive an
amount equal to one year of base salary. Mr. Swilley s employment agreement provides that following his termination by the Company without cause, he will receive an amount equal to one year of base salary.  
   By the Executive for Good Reason    
 The employment agreements provide that Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle are entitled to receive the following upon the
resignation by such executive for good reason:      

(i) 
 all base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to the executive through the date of termination;        

(ii) 
 an amount equal to the sum of (a) two hundred percent (200%), with Mr. Whitmer and Mr. Mazzuca and one hundred fifty percent (150%), with Mr. Doyle, of the executive s base salary at the
then-current rate of base salary and (b) two hundred percent (200%), with Mr. Whitmer and Mr. Mazzuca and one hundred fifty percent (150%), with Mr. Doyle, of the annual cash target bonus;    

(iii) 
 to the extent applicable, an amount equal to the pro rata bonus;        

(iv) 
 a lump sum payment equal to the then present value of all major medical, disability and life insurance coverage through the date two years regarding Mr. Whitmer and Mr. Mazzuca (eighteen months regarding
Mr. Doyle) after termination, provided that under such circumstances the executive shall make all COBRA premium payments on his own behalf; and        

(v) 
 all of the executive s options to purchase shares of capital stock of IAS which are unvested as of termination but otherwise scheduled to vest on the first vesting date scheduled to occur following the date of
termination, will immediately vest and become exercisable while all remaining unvested options will terminate as of termination. All of the vested options must be exercised within the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the date the options
were granted or (b) two years, in the case of Mr. Whitmer, and one year, in the case of Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle, following the date of termination.    
 Mr. Lamb s employment agreement did not address termination for good reason. Mr. Swilley s employment agreement does not
address termination for good reason.      By the Executive without Good Reason or the Executive s Failure to Extend the Employment Term
     Upon termination by the executive without good reason or failure to extend the employment term, our named executive officers are
entitled to receive all base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to the executive through the date of termination.      Definition of Good Reason
     Each of the following events constitutes  good reason  for resignation for the employment agreements of
Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle:      

(i) 
 regarding Mr. Whitmer, the  one-year  anniversary of any Change of Control (as defined below) unless the acquirer is in the healthcare facilities business, in which case the  one-year  anniversary will be reduced to six months after the date of the Change of Control;        

(ii) 
 the removal of the executive from or failing to elect or  re-elect  the executive to his respective positions within the Company or on the board;    

(iii) 
 any material reduction in duties or responsibilities (including on a Change in Control, in the case of Mr. Mazzuca) of the respective executive or any assignment materially inconsistent with his position;

(iv) 
 relocation of the executive s principal office under certain circumstances without his approval;        

(v) 
 failure of the Company to maintain certain indemnification provisions in its organizational documents; and        

(vi) 
 any breach by the Company of the respective employment agreement.    
      149  

Table of Contents  

  Mr. Lamb s employment agreement did not address termination for good reason.
Mr. Swilley s employment agreement does not address termination for good reason.      The Company s Failure to Extend the Employment Term
     The employment agreements provide that Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca and Mr. Doyle are entitled to receive the following
upon the Company s failure to extend the employment term:      

(i) 
 all base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to the executive through the date of termination;        

(ii) 
 an amount equal to the sum of (i) the executive s base salary at the then-current rate of base salary and (ii) the annual cash target bonus;    

(iii) 
 to the extent applicable, an amount equal to the pro rata bonus;        

(iv) 
 a lump sum payment equal to the then present value of all major medical, disability and life insurance coverage through the date one year after termination, provided that under such circumstances the executive shall
make all COBRA premium payments on his own behalf; and        

(v) 
 regarding Mr. Whitmer, all of the executive s options to purchase shares of capital stock of IAS which are unvested as of termination but otherwise scheduled to vest on the first vesting date scheduled to
occur following the date of termination, will immediately vest and become exercisable while all remaining unvested options will terminate as of termination. All of the vested options must be exercised within the earlier of (i) the tenth
anniversary of the date the options were granted and (ii) two years following the date of termination.    
 Mr. Lamb s employment agreement provided that he was entitled to receive an amount equal to one year of base salary upon the
Company s failure to extend the employment term. Mr. Swilley s employment agreement provides that he is entitled to receive an amount equal to one year of base salary upon the Company s failure to extend the employment term.  
   Resignation      Mr. Lamb s
employment agreement provided that upon his resignation during the term, Mr. Lamb was entitled to base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to Mr. Lamb through the date of resignation. Mr. Swilley s employment agreement
provides that upon his resignation during the term, Mr. Swilley will be entitled to base salary and benefits to be paid or provided to Mr. Swilley through the date of resignation.  
   Definition of Change of Control    
 The employment agreements of Mr. Whitmer and Mr. Mazzuca define a change of control as any transaction where a person or group of
persons (other than the present private equity investors in the Company or their affiliates):      

(i) 
 acquire a majority interest in IAS or IASIS Investment, its parent; or        

(ii) 
 acquire all or substantially all of the assets of IAS or IASIS Investment, its parent.        Restrictive
Covenants      In addition, the employment agreements contain  non-competition  and  non-solicitation  provisions under which Mr. Whitmer, Mr. Mazzuca, Mr. Doyle, Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley agree not to compete with the Company or its subsidiaries within 25 miles of the
location of any hospital we manage for two years (eighteen months regarding Mr. Doyle and twelve months regarding Mr. Lamb and Mr. Swilley) following the date of termination of such person s employment (for Mesrs. Whitmer,
Mazzuca and Doyle, this period is twelve months in the event of a  non-renewal  of the term by the Company). The agreements also include certain  non-solicitation  and  non-interference  provisions restricting the named executive officer, during this period, from taking certain actions with respect to business partners, certain other business relations and employees of the Company.
    The 2004 Stock Option Plan       Vesting Date of
Options      Each stock option grant agreement entered into with our named executive offers provides that, if within the  two-year  period following a Change of Control the executive s employment is:      

(i) 
 terminated by the Company or its affiliates without cause; or        

(ii) 
 terminated by the executive with good reason,    
      150  

Table of Contents  

  all of the executive s options granted shall immediately become vested and exercisable.  
   Definition of Change of Control    
 The 2004 Stock Option Plan defines Change of Control in substantially the same way as the employment agreements of Mr. Whitmer and
Mr. Mazzuca.      Definition of Good Reason    
 The 2004 Stock Option Plan defines good reason as:      

(i) 
 a material reduction in an executive s duties and responsibilities other than a change in such executive s duties and responsibilities that results from becoming part of a larger organization following a
Change of Control;        

(ii) 
 a decrease in an executive s base salary or benefits other than a decrease in benefits that applies to all employees of the Company otherwise eligible to participate in the affected plan; or    

(iii) 
 a relocation of an executive s primary work location over 50 miles from the executive s primary work location immediately before a Change of Control, without written consent.    
   Definition of Cause      The 2004
Stock Option Plan defines termination with cause as the termination of the executive s employment because of:      

(i) 
 dishonesty in the performance of such executive s duties;        

(ii) 
 the executive s willful misconduct with such executive s duties or any act or omission materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates;        

(iii) 
 a breach by an executive of the participant s duty of loyalty to the Company and its affiliates;        

(iv) 
 the executive s unauthorized removal from the premises of the Company of any document (in any medium or form) relating to the Company or the customers of the Company; or    

(v) 
 the commission by the executive of any felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude.       RSUs
    RSUs that have been granted to the named executive officers vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date or, if earlier,
upon a qualifying change of control, subject in all cases to the individual continuing to provide services to the Company as of such date. Upon termination of an executive s employment for any reason, such executive s RSUs shall
immediately be forfeited and cancelled for no consideration as of the executive s date of termination of employment and without any further action taken by any party. Upon vesting, the RSUs will either be settled in shares of IAS common stock
corresponding to the number of RSUs underlying the grant or in cash based upon the then-current fair market value, at the discretion of the Company. A  change of control , for purposes of the RSUs, is defined in substantially the same
manner as the 2004 Stock Option Plan.  
      151  

Table of Contents  

   Summary of Payments Made Upon Termination or a Change of Control   
 The following tables describe the potential payments and benefits under our compensation and benefit plans and arrangements to which Messrs.
Whitmer, Mazzuca, Doyle. Lamb and Swilley would be entitled upon a termination of their employment under their employment agreements assuming a termination of employment and a change in control had each occurred on September 30, 2016 (the last
business day of our last completed fiscal year). In addition, the narrative below this table sets forth the actual payments received by Mr. Lamb upon his termination of employment with the Company effective November 1, 2016.  

(1) 
 In the case of stock options, represents the difference between the exercise price of the   in-the-money   stock options vesting upon the
occurrence of such events and the most recent determination of the fair market value of shares of IAS common stock made by the Board of Directors. In the case of restricted stock units, represents the most recent determination of the fair market
value of shares of IAS common stock made by the Board of Directors vesting under such awards upon the occurrence of such events.    
 Mr. Lamb resigned his employment with the Company effective as of November 1, 2016. Under the terms of his employment agreement with
the Company, in connection with this resignation, Mr. Lamb was entitled to receive entitled to base salary and benefits through the date of resignation. In addition, under the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Lamb is not permitted to
compete with the Company or its subsidiaries within 25 miles of the location of any hospital for a period of one year following the date of termination of employment. Mr. Lamb s employment agreement also includes certain  non-solicitation  and  non-interference  provisions restricting Mr. Lamb, during this period, from taking certain actions with respect to certain other business relations
and employees of the Company.  
      152  

Table of Contents  

   Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 2016   
 The following table and text discuss the compensation of persons who served as members of the Board of Directors during all or part of 2016,
other than Mr. Whitmer whose compensation is discussed under  Executive Compensation  above and who was not separately compensated for board service.      

Effective July 1, 2014, the Company entered into compensation agreements with Mr. Gorman, Mr. Geiser and Dr. Mansukani.
Under their compensation agreements, Mr. Geiser and Mr. Gorman each receive $50,000 in cash annually and have been granted RSUs. Effective as of his appointment as Lead Independent Director on June 1, 2015, Dr. Mansukani s
annual cash payment was increased from $100,000 to $250,000 for his services to the Board of Directors. Additionally, in November 2015, Dr. Mansukani was granted 45,000 RSUs in consideration of his continued service as Lead Independent
Director. These RSUs awarded to Dr. Mansukani vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date or, if earlier, upon a qualifying change of control, subject in all cases to the individual continuing to provide services to the Company as
of such date.    Mr. White received $150,000 in cash in fiscal year 2016 for his continued services to the Company as Chairman.  
 Our other directors, including Mr. Whitmer, receive no compensation for their services. We do, however, reimburse such directors for
travel expenses and other   out-of-pocket   costs in connection with attendance at Board of Directors and committee meetings  
      153  

Table of Contents  

     Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters.         Equity Compensation Plans   
 The table below sets forth the following information as of September 30, 2016, regarding IAS  equity compensation plans (including
individual compensation arrangements) under which its equity securities are authorized for issuance, aggregated by (i) all compensation plans previously approved by IAS  security holders and (ii) all compensation plans not previously
approved by IAS  security holders:      

the number of securities to be issued upon exercising outstanding options;        

the weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding options;        

the number of securities to be issued upon the vesting of RSUs; and        

the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the plans.      The IASIS
2004 Stock Option Plan, under which options to purchase IAS  common stock have been previously issued, expired on June 22, 2014. Options issued under this plan prior to its expiration will be subject to the terms of the plan. Additionally,
the stockholders of IAS  authorized the issuance of RSUs. IAS has issued no warrants or other similar awards with rights to purchase its equity securities.      

Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock   
 IASIS is a limited liability company consisting of 100% common interests owned by IAS. IAS  outstanding shares comprise one class of
common stock and 97.1% of the outstanding common stock is owned by IASIS Investment. The outstanding equity interest of IASIS Investment is held 74.4% by the TPG Funds (as defined below), 18.8% by JLL and 6.8% by Trimaran Fund Management, LLC and
Trimaran Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates,  Trimaran ).    The following table presents information as of
December 21, 2016, regarding ownership of shares of IAS common stock by each person known to be a holder of over 5% of IAS common stock, the members of the IAS board of directors, each named executive officer in the summary compensation table
and all current directors and executive officers as a group.    When reviewing the following table, be aware that the amounts and percentage
of common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a  beneficial owner  of a
security if that person has or shares  voting power,  which includes the power to vote or to direct voting such security, or  investment power,  which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such
security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days.  
      154  

Table of Contents  

  Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed below is 117 Seaboard Lane,
Building E, Franklin, Tennessee 37067.      

(b) 
 The membership interests of IASIS Investment are owned: the TPG Funds, 74.4%, JLL, 18.8%, and Trimaran, 6.8%.    

(c) 
 The membership interests of IASIS Investment (the  TPG Membership Interests ) owned by the TPG Funds (as defined below) reflect an aggregate of: (i) 199,045 membership units of IASIS Investment beneficially
owned by TPG IASIS III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( TPG IASIS III ), whose sole member is TPG Partners III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG GenPar III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership,
whose general partner is TPG Advisors III, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Advisors III ), (ii) 318,507 membership units of IASIS Investment beneficially owned by TPG IASIS IV LLC ( TPG IASIS IV ), whose sole member is TPG
Partners IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG GenPar IV, L.P. ( TPG GenPar IV ), a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG GenPar IV Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
whose sole member is TPG Holdings I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG Holdings  I-A,  LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, whose sole member is TPG Group Holdings (SBS),
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Group Advisors ), (iii) 193,201 membership units of IASIS Investment beneficially owned by TPG IASIS  Co-Invest  I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( TPG  Co-Invest  I ), whose managing member is TPG GenPar IV, and (iv) 32,398 membership units of IASIS
Investment beneficially owned by TPG IASIS  Co-Invest  II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( TPG  Co-Invest  II  and, together with TPG IASIS III, TPG
IASIS IV and TPG  Co-Invest  I, the  TPG Funds ), whose managing member is TPG GenPar IV. David Bonderman and James G. Coulter are sole shareholders of each of Advisors III and Group Advisors and may
therefore be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the TPG Membership Interests. Messrs. Bonderman and Coulter disclaim beneficial ownership of the TPG Membership Interests except to the extent of their pecuniary interest. The address of each of
Advisors III, Group Advisors and Messrs. Bonderman and Coulter is c/o TPG Global, LLC, 301 Commerce Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, TX 76102. The TPG Funds may designate four directors of IASIS (collectively, the  TPG Directors ), and each
TPG Director shall have three votes.    

(d) 
 Jonathan J. Coslet is a TPG Senior Partner and Todd B. Sisitsky is a TPG Partner. None of Messrs. Coslet or Sisitsky has voting or investment power over and each disclaims beneficial ownership of the TPG Membership
Interests. The address Messrs. Coslet and Sisitsky is c/o TPG Global, LLC, 301 Commerce Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, TX 76102.    
      155  

Table of Contents  

(e) 
 Represents shares of restricted stock and options which are exercisable within 60 days of December 21, 2016, granted to Messrs. Gorman and Mansukani under Director Compensation and Restricted Stock Award
Agreements.    

(f) 
 Mr. Levy is a managing director of JLL, which, through his controlling interest in JLL, which owns 18.8% of IASIS Investment, may be deemed to beneficially own 18.1% of the shares of common stock owned by IASIS
Investment. Mr. Levy may be deemed to beneficially own 18.3% of the shares of common stock owned by IASIS Investment.    

(g) 
 Sharad Mansukani is a TPG senior advisor. Mr. Mansukani has no voting or investment power over and disclaims beneficial ownership of the TPG Membership Interests. The address of Mr. Mansukani is c/o TPG
Global, LLC, 301 Commerce Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, TX 76102.      All of the membership interests in IASIS are pledged to
our lenders as security for our obligations under our senior secured credit facilities. If a default occurs under our senior secured credit facilities, our lenders would have the right to foreclose on such membership interests, which would cause a
change of control of our Company.        Item     13.      Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence.       IASIS Investment Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement   
 TPG is party to the limited liability company operating agreement of IASIS Investment with Trimaran and JLL. Investment funds affiliated with
TPG, JLL and Trimaran hold approximately 74.4%, 18.8% and 6.8%, respectively, of the equity interests of IASIS Investment. TPG IASIS IV LLC is the managing member of IASIS Investment.  
 Because we do not have any securities listed on a national securities exchange or an automated inter-dealer quotation system, we are not
subject to the independence requirements under SEC rules or any such listing standards and are not required to make an independence determination in connection therewith. Pursuant to the limited liability company operating agreement of IASIS
Investment, JLL is entitled to nominate two directors to the IAS board of directors. TPG is entitled to nominate the remaining directors. Messrs. Levy and Lightcap serve on the IAS board of directors as designees of JLL. The remaining directors
serve as designees of TPG. The right of JLL to nominate two directors is subject to its ownership percentage in IASIS Investment remaining at or above 9.4%. In the event JLL s ownership percentage in IASIS Investment falls below 9.4%, but is at
least 4.7%, JLL will have the right to nominate one director. If JLL s ownership percentage falls below 4.7%, it will not have the right to nominate any directors. The agreement also places certain restrictions on the transfer of membership
interests in IASIS Investment. JLL and Trimaran have the right to participate in certain dispositions by TPG and can be required to participate on the same terms in any sale by TPG in excess of a specified percentage of its collective interest.  
 We have no securities listed for trading on a national securities exchange or in an automated inter-dealer quotation system of a national
securities association, which have requirements that a majority of directors be independent.     Investor Rights Agreement   
 IASIS Investment is the majority stockholder of IAS, which owns 100% of the common interests of IASIS. IASIS Investment is party to an investor
rights agreement with IAS. Pursuant to this agreement, IASIS Investment can cause IAS to register its interests in IAS under the Securities Act and to maintain a shelf registration statement effective with respect to such interests. IASIS Investment
also is entitled to participate on a pro rata basis in any registration of our equity interests under the Securities Act that IAS may undertake. The agreement also grants IASIS Investment preemptive rights over certain additional issuances of equity
securities by IAS.     Management Services Agreement   
 We are party to a management services agreement with management companies affiliated with TPG and JLL. The management services agreement
provides that in exchange for consulting and management advisory services, we will pay an aggregate monitoring fee of 0.25% of budgeted total revenue up to a maximum of $5.0 million per fiscal year to management companies affiliated with TPG
and JLL and reimburse them for their reasonable disbursements and   out-of-pocket   expenses. This monitoring fee will be subordinated to the Senior Notes in the event of a
bankruptcy of the Company. For each of the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we paid $5.0 million in monitoring fees under the management services agreement.  
  Income Tax Allocations     We and some of
our subsidiaries are included in IAS  consolidated filing group for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as well as in certain state and local income tax returns that include IAS. With respect to tax returns for any taxable period in which we or
any of our subsidiaries are included in a tax return filing with IAS, the amount of taxes to be paid by us is determined, subject to some adjustments, as if we and our subsidiaries filed their own tax returns excluding IAS.  
      156  

Table of Contents  

   Policy on Transactions with Related Persons   
 On an annual basis, each director, director nominee and executive officer is required to complete a Director and Officer s Questionnaire
that requires disclosure of any transaction or any currently proposed transaction entered into since the beginning of the prior fiscal year in which the director or executive officer has a direct or indirect material interest and in which the
Company participates and the amount involved exceeds $120,000. However, pursuant to the Company s corporate code of ethics, executive officers may not participate in, or benefit from, a related party transaction without the approval of our
compliance officer. See  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Code of Ethics  for more detail.  
 During fiscal year 2016, except as set forth above, there were no transactions between our Company and a related person requiring disclosure
under applicable securities laws.        Item     14.      Principal Accountant Fees and
Services.      The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for services related to fiscal years 2016 and 2015 provided by
Ernst   Young LLP, our principal accountants:      

(a) 
 Audit Fees represent fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements, and audit services provided in connection with other
statutory or regulatory filings.    

(b) 
 Audit-Related Fees represent fees billed for assurance services related to the audit of our financial statements, as well as certain due diligence projects.    

(c) 
 Tax Fees represents fees for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.    

(d) 
 All Other Fees represent fees for services provided to us not otherwise included in the categories above.    
 During fiscal 2016, we reviewed our existing practices regarding the use of our independent auditors to provide
 non-audit  and consulting services, to ensure compliance with SEC requirements. Our audit committee  pre-approval  policy provides that our independent auditors may provide
certain  non-audit  services which do not impair the auditors  independence. In that regard, our audit committee must  pre-approve  all audit services provided to our
Company, as well as all  non-audit  services provided by our Company s independent auditors. This policy is administered by our senior corporate financial management, which reports throughout the year to
our audit committee. Our audit committee  pre-approved  all audit and  non-audit  services provided by Ernst   Young LLP during fiscal years 2016 and 2015. Our
audit committee concluded that the provision of audit-related services, tax services and other services by Ernst   Young LLP was compatible with the maintenance of the firm s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions.  
    PART IV        
 Item     15.      Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules.        

(a) 
 1. Financial Statements: See  Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,  which is incorporated herein by reference.    

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules: Not Applicable        

3. 
 Exhibits: See the Index to Exhibits at the end of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.        

(b) 
 Exhibits: See the Index to Exhibits at the end of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.    
      157  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

IASIS HEALTHCARE LLC  

Date: December 21, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ W. Carl Whitmer   

W. Carl Whitmer  

Chief Executive Officer and President  
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      

Signature   
    
    Title   
    
    Date    

/s/ David R. White  
    
 Chairman of the Board 
    
 December 21, 2016  
 
 David R. White 

/s/ W. Carl Whitmer 
 W. Carl Whitmer  
    
 Chief Executive Officer and President and Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) (Principal Executive Officer) 
    
 December 21, 2016  

/s/ John M. Doyle  
    
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
    
 December 21, 2016  
 
 John M. Doyle 

/s/ Jonathan J. Coslet 
 Jonathan J. Coslet  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
   December 21, 2016   

/s/ David Dupree 
 David Dupree  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
   December 21, 2016   

/s/ Thomas C. Geiser 
 Thomas C. Geiser  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
 December 21, 2016  

/s/ Kirk E. Gorman 
 Kirk E. Gorman  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
 December 21, 2016  

/s/ Todd B. Sisitsky 
 Todd B. Sisitsky  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
 December 21, 2016  

/s/ Paul S. Levy 
 Paul S. Levy  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
 December 21, 2016  

/s/ Jeffrey C. Lightcap 
 Jeffrey C. Lightcap  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
 December 21, 2016  

/s/ Sharad Mansukani 
 Sharad Mansukani  
    
 Director of IASIS Healthcare Corporation (sole member of IASIS Healthcare LLC) 
    
 December 21, 2016  
 
      158  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit  
  No.   
    
    Description    

3.1 
    
 Certificate of Formation of IASIS Healthcare LLC, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 11, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form  S-4,  filed with the SEC on July 14, 2004) (Comm. File  No. 333-117362).   

3.2 
    
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of IASIS Healthcare LLC dated as of May 11, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form  S-4, 
filed with the SEC on July 14, 2004) (Comm. File  No. 333-117362).   

4.1 
    
 Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2011, among IASIS Healthcare LLC, IASIS Capital Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 8.375% Senior Notes due
2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed with the SEC on May 6, 2011) (Comm. File
 No. 333-117362).   

4.2 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2011, by and among IASIS Healthcare LLC, IASIS Capital Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Barclays
Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman, Sachs   Co., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report
on Form  8-K,  filed with the SEC on May 6, 2011) (Comm. File  No. 333-117362).   

4.3 
    
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2004, by and between IASIS Investment LLC and IASIS Healthcare Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form  S-4,  filed with the SEC on July 14, 2004) (Comm. File  No. 333-117362).   

10.1 
    
 Management Services Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2004, by and among IASIS Healthcare LLC, Trimaran Fund II, L.L.C., Trimaran Parallel Fund II, L.P., Trimaran Capital L.L.C., CIBC Employee Private Equity Partners (Trimaran),
CIBC MB Inc., JLL Partners Inc., TPG IASIS IV LLC, TPG IASIS III LLC, TPG IASIS  Co-Invest  I LLC and TPG IASIS  Co-Invest  II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.26 to the Company s Registration Statement on  Form S-4,  filed with the SEC on July 14, 2004) (Comm. File  No. 333-117362).   

10.2 
    
 Amendment No. 3, dated as of February 17, 2016, among IASIS Healthcare LLC, IASIS Healthcare Corporation, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as successor administrative agent, and attached thereto as Exhibit A, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2011 as amended as of February 17, 2016, among IASIS Healthcare LLC, IASIS Healthcare
Corporation, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed with the SEC on February 22, 2016) (Comm. File  No. 333-117362).   

10.3 
    
 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2016, among IASIS Healthcare LLC, IASIS Healthcare Corporation, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and L/C
issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed with the SEC on February 22, 2016) (Comm. File
 No. 333-117362).    
      159  

Table of Contents  

160  

Table of Contents  

161  

Table of Contents  

* 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Commission pursuant to a grant of confidential treatment pursuant to Rule  24(b)-2  promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

** 
 The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form  10-K  shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by
specific reference in such filing or document.    
      162  

<EX-10.12>
 2
 d275632dex1012.htm
 EX-10.12

EX-10.12 

Exhibit 10.12       

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM  
  DIVISION OF BUSINESS AND FINANCE      
  CONTRACT AMENDMENT    

5. 
 CONTRACTOR S NAME AND ADDRESS:       Health Choice Arizona   
  410 N. 44 th  Street, Suite 900   
  Phoenix, AZ 85008       

6. 
 PURPOSE: To retroactively amend select Capitation Rates for the month of October, 2014.        

7. 
 THE CONTRACT REFERENCED ABOVE IS AMENDED AS FOLLOWS      Section 9010 of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor pay a Health Insurer Assessment Fee (HIF) annually based on its respective market share of premium revenues from the preceding year (calendar year 2014 revenue). AHCCCS provides
funding to the Contractor for the Health Insurer Assessment Fee and associated taxes subject to receipt and review of documentation from the Contractor as required by AHCCCS.  
 This contract amendment serves to retroactively adjust the October, 2014 prospective capitation rates to include the federal and state income
taxes associated with the 2015 Health Insurer Assessment Fee, and amends the following sections of the contract:      

Section B, Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Information       Prospective Capitation
Rates (Per Member   Per Month) revised for the month of October, 2014 as shown below     October 1, 2014   October 31,
2014       

* 
 This group was known as AHCCCS Care for the October 2014 capitation rate-setting; this is now referred to as Adult Group at or below 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults  /= 106%).    

** 
 This group was known as Newly Eligible Adults for the October 2014 capitation rate-setting; this is now referred to as Adult Group above 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults   106%).    
      1  

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM  
  DIVISION OF BUSINESS AND FINANCE      
  CONTRACT AMENDMENT    

8.  
  EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORIGINAL CONTRACT NOT HERETOFORE CHANGED AND/OR AMENDED REMAIN UNCHANGED AND IN FULL EFFECT.     
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO SIGN THEIR NAMES IN AGREEMENT.   

9.      SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE:  
   
   10.    SIGNATURE OF AHCCCS CONTRACTING OFFICER:   

TYPED NAME:  
   
 TYPED NAME:  
 
  MIKE UCHRIN  
   
  MEGGAN HARLEY   

TITLE:  
   
 TITLE:  
 
  ADMINISTRATOR/CEO  
   
  PROCUREMENT MANAGER   

DATE: 
   
 DATE:  
 
 12/2/15 
   
 11/16/2015  
 
      2  

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 d275632dex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10.13 

Exhibit 10.13       

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM   

DIVISION OF BUSINESS AND FINANCE   

SECTION A: CONTRACT AMENDMENT    
     
    Health Choice Arizona   
  410 N. 44th Street, Suite 900   
  Phoenix, AZ 85008       

7. 
 THE ABOVE REFERENCED CONTRACT IS HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS:      The Contractor will be paid the
attached supplemental payment amounts to increase rural hospital inpatient reimbursement. The supplemental payment amounts are allocated to the appropriate risk groups based on historical utilization. AHCCCS requires that the Contractor make
one-time payments to each rural hospital as prescribed on the attached schedule, pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2905.02, to increase inpatient reimbursement to these small rural hospitals.  
 The Contractor shall make the prescribed payments to the rural hospitals 15 days from receipt of the funds and submit proof of payment to the
rural hospitals to the Finance Manager of the Division of Health Care Management 30 days from receipt of the funds.    The regular per member
per month capitation rates for the period of October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 remain unchanged unless otherwise modified by contract amendment.      

8. 
  EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORIGINAL CONTRACT NOT HERETOFORE CHANGED AND/OR AMENDED REMAIN UNCHANGED AND IN FULL EFFECT.     
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO SIGN THEIR NAMES IN AGREEMENT   

9.      SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE:  

10.    SIGNATURE OF AHCCCS CONTRACTING OFFICER:   

TYPED NAME: 

TYPED NAME:  
 
  MIKE UCHRIN  
    
  MEGGAN HARLEY   

TITLE: 
    
 TITLE:  
 
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
    
  PROCUREMENT MANAGER   

DATE: 
    
 DATE:  
 
 3/11/16 
    
 2/25/2016  
 
      1  

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 4
 d275632dex1014.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10.14 

Exhibit 10.14       

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM  
  DIVISION OF BUSINESS AND FINANCE      
  SECTION A: CONTRACT AMENDMENT    

5. 
 CONTRACTOR NAME AND ADDRESS:       Health Choice Arizona   
  410 N. 44th Street, Suite 900   
  Phoenix, AZ 85008       

5. 
 PURPOSE: To extend the Contract for the period October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017 and to amend Section B, Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements, Section C, Definitions, Section D, Acute
Care Program Requirements, Section E, Contract Terms and Conditions, and Section F, Attachments.        

6. 
 THE ABOVE REFERENCED CONTRACT IS HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS:        

Section B, Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements        

Section C, Definitions        

Section D, Acute Care Program Requirements        

Section E, Contract Terms and Conditions        

Section F, Attachments      Therefore, this Contract is hereby  REMOVED IN ITS ENTIRETY , including but not
limited to all terms, conditions, requirements, and pricing and is amended, restated and  REPLACED  with the documents attached hereto as of the Effective Date of this Amendment.  
 Refer to the individual Contract sections for specific changes.      

7. 
  EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORIGINAL CONTRACT NOT HERETOFORE CHANGED AND/OR AMENDED REMAIN UNCHANGED AND IN FULL EFFECT.     
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO SIGN THEIR NAMES IN AGREEMENT   

9.     SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE: 
   
 10. SIGNATURE OF AHCCCS CONTRACTING OFFICER:  

TYPED NAME: 
   
        MIKE UCHRIN   
   
 TYPED NAME: 
   
        MEGGAN HARLEY    

TITLE: 
   
        CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
   
 TITLE: 
   
        ACTING CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER    

DATE: 
   
        9/1/16   
   
 DATE: 
   
        8/8/2016    

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

SECTION B:  

CAPITATION RATES AND CONTRACTOR SPECIFIC REQS  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         
       
   SECTION B: CAPITATION RATES AND CONTRACTOR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS   
 The Contractor shall provide services as described in this contract. In consideration for these services, the Contractor will be paid Contractor-specific rates
per member per month for the period October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017unless otherwise modified by contract amendment.      Capitation
Rates  :     ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM   
  CAPITATION RATE SUMMARY - ACUTE RATES   
  Health Choice Arizona   
  10/01/16 - 12/31/16       

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM   
  CAPITATION RATE SUMMARY - ACUTE RATES   
  Health Choice Arizona   
  01/01/17 - 09/30/17       

Contractor Specific Requirements :   
   Geographic Service Areas  : The Contractor serves eligible members in the following Geographic Service Areas (GSAs) and counties:  
   
     Zip Code Alignment  : Zip codes 85542, 85192, and 85550 were moved from the GSA which includes Gila County and
assigned to the GSA which includes Graham County. As part of the Greater AZ Integrated RBHA implementation effective October 1, 2015, this move occurred to align tribal members from a single tribe into a single RBHA. This change was implemented
for this contract as well in order to keep zip code assignment consistent between AHCCCS lines of business.      High Need/High Cost Program  :
The Contractor shall collaborate with the Regional Behavioral Health Authority (RBHA) to select members for the High Need/High Cost Program and plan interventions for care coordination in order to promote appropriate utilization of services and
improve member outcomes. The Contractor is required to include the number of members indicated below, by RBHA Geographic Service Area, and as further outlined in Section D, Paragraph 24, Medical Management of the contract:  

RBHA Geographic Service Area   
    
    # of High Need/High Cost
Members    

Maricopa 
    
 30  
 
 *Northern 
    
 40  
 
 **Southern 
    
 30  

SECTION C: DEFINITIONS   
  PART 1. DEFINITIONS PERTAINING TO ALL AHCCCS CONTRACTS   
 The definitions specified in Part 1 below refer to terms found in all AHCCCS contracts. The definitions specified in Part 2 below refer to terms that exist in
one or more contracts but do not appear in all contracts.      

638 TRIBAL FACILITY  
    
 A facility that is owned and/or operated by a Federally recognized American Indian/Alaskan Native Tribe and that is authorized to provide services pursuant to Public Law 93-638, as amended. Also referred to as: tribally
owned and/or operated 638 facility, tribally owned and/or operated facility, 638 tribal facility, and tribally-operated 638 health program.  

ACUTE CARE CONTRACTOR  
    
 A contracted managed care organization (also known as a health plan) that provides acute care physical health services to AHCCCS members in the acute care program who are Title XIX or Title XXI eligible. The Acute Care
Contractor is also responsible for providing behavioral health services for its enrolled members who are treated by a Primary Care Provider (PCP) for anxiety, depression, and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Acute Care Contractors
are also responsible for providing behavioral health services for dual eligible adult members with General Mental Health and/or Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) needs.  

ACUTE CARE SERVICES  
    
 Medically necessary services that are covered for AHCCCS members and which are provided through contractual agreements with managed Care Contractors or on a Fee-For-Service (FFS) basis through AHCCCS.  

ADJUDICATED CLAIM  
    
 A claim that has been received and processed by the Contractor which resulted in a payment or denial of payment.  

ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES SUBCONTRACTS  
    
 An agreement that delegates any of the requirements of the contract with AHCCCS, including, but not limited to the following:  

a. 
    
 Claims processing, including pharmacy claims,  

b. 
    
 Credentialing, including those for only primary source verification (i.e. Credential Verification Organization),  

c. 
    
 Management Service Agreements,  

d. 
    
 Service Level Agreements with any Division or Subsidiary of a corporate parent owner,  

e. 
    
 DDD acute care subcontractors.  

Providers are not Administrative Services Subcontractors.  

ADULT  
    
 A person 18 years of age or older, unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule, or policies adopted by AHCCCS.  

AGENT  
    
 Any person who has been delegated the authority to obligate or act on behalf of a provider [42 CFR 455.101].   

AHCCCS CONTRACTOR OPERATIONS MANUAL (ACOM)  
    
 The ACOM provides information related to AHCCCS Contractor operations and is available on the AHCCCS website at www.azahcccs.gov.  

AHCCCS ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION  
    
 The process of determining, through an application and required verification, whether an applicant meets the criteria for Title XIX/XXI funded services.  

AHCCCS MEDICAL POLICY MANUAL (AMPM)  
    
 The AMPM provides information regarding covered health care services and is available on the AHCCCS website at www.azahcccs.gov.  

AHCCCS MEMBER  
    
 See  MEMBER.   

AHCCCS RULES  
    
 See  ARIZONA ADMINISTRATIVE CODE.   

AMBULATORY CARE  
    
 Preventive, diagnostic and treatment services provided on an outpatient basis by physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants and/or other health care providers.  

AMERICAN INDIAN HEALTH PROGRAM (AIHP)  
    
 An acute care Fee-For-Service program administered by AHCCCS for eligible American Indians which reimburses for services provided by and through the Indian Health Service (IHS), tribal health programs operated under 638 or any other
AHCCCS registered provider. AIHP was formerly known as AHCCCS IHS.  

AMERICANS with DISABILITIES ACT (ADA)  
    
 The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability and ensures equal opportunity for persons with disabilities in employment, State and local government services, public accommodations, commercial facilities transportation,
and telecommunications. Refer to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, in 42 U.S.C. 126 and 47 U.S.C. 5.  

APPEAL RESOLUTION  
    
 The written determination by the Contractor concerning an appeal.  

ARIZONA ADMINISTRATIVE CODE (A.A.C.)  
    
 State regulations established pursuant to relevant statutes. Referred to in Contract as  Rules.  AHCCCS Rules are State regulations which have been promulgated by the AHCCCS Administration and published by the Arizona
Secretary of State.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES (ADHS)  
    
 The state agency that has the powers and duties set forth in A.R.S.  36- 104 and A.R.S. Title 36, Chapters 5 and 34.  

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM (AHCCCS)  
    
 Arizona s Medicaid Program, approved by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services as a Section 1115 Waiver Demonstration Program and described in A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter
29.   

ARIZONA LONG TERM CARE SYSTEM (ALTCS)  
    
 An AHCCCS program which delivers long-term, acute, behavioral health and case management services as authorized by A.R.S.  36-2931 et seq., to eligible members who are either elderly and/or have physical
disabilities, and to members with developmental disabilities, through contractual agreements and other arrangements.  

ARIZONA REVISED STATUTES (A.R.S.)  
    
 Laws of the State of Arizona.  

BALANCED BUDGET ACT (BBA)  
    
 See  MEDICAID MANAGED CARE REGULATIONS.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH (BH) BEHAVIORAL HEALTH DISORDER  
    
 A mental health and substance use/abuse collectively. Any behavioral, mental health, and/or substance use diagnoses found in the most current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of International
Classification of Disorders (DSM) excluding those diagnoses such as mental retardation, learning disorders and dementia, which are not typically responsive to mental health or substance abuse treatment.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL  
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33, whose scope of practice allows the individual to:  

a. 
    
 Independently engage in the practice of behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.  32-3251; or  

b. 
    
 Except for a licensed substance abuse technician, engage in the practice of behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.  32-3251 under direct supervision as defined in A.A.C. R4-6-101.;  

c. 
    
 A psychiatrist as defined in A.R.S.  36-501;  

d. 
    
 A psychologist as defined in A.R.S.  32-2061;  

e. 
    
 A physician;  

f. 
    
 A registered nurse practitioner licensed as an adult psychiatric and mental health nurse; or  

g. 
    
 A behavior analyst as defined in A.R.S.  32-2091; or  

h. 
    
 A registered nurse.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES  
    
 Physician or practitioner services, nursing services, health-related services, or ancillary services provided to an individual to address the individual s behavioral health issue. See also  COVERED
SERVICES.   

BOARD CERTIFIED  
    
 An individual who has successfully completed all prerequisites of the respective specialty board and successfully passed the required examination for certification and when applicable, requirements for maintenance of
certification.  

BORDER COMMUNITIES  
    
 Cities, towns or municipalities located in Arizona and within a designated geographic service area whose residents typically receive primary or emergency care in adjacent Geographic Service Areas (GSA) or neighboring
states, excluding neighboring countries, due to service availability or distance.   

CAPITATION  
    
 Payment to a Contractor by AHCCCS of a fixed monthly payment per person in advance, for which the Contractor provides a full range of covered services as authorized under A.R.S.  36-2904 and  36-2907.  

CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERVICES (CMS)  
    
 An organization within the United States Department of Health and Human Services, which administers the Medicare and Medicaid programs and the State Children s Health Insurance Program.  

CHILD  
    
 A person under the age of 18, unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule or policies adopted by AHCCCS.  

CHILD AND FAMILY TEAM (CFT)  
    
 A defined group of individuals that includes, at a minimum, the child and his or her family, a behavioral health representative, and any individuals important in the child s life that are identified and invited to participate
by the child and family. This may include teachers, extended family members, friends, family support partners, healthcare providers, coaches and community resource providers, representatives from churches, synagogues or mosques, agents from other
service systems like (DCS) Department of Child Safety or the Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). The size, scope and intensity of involvement of the team members are determined by the objectives established for the child, the needs of the
family in providing for the child, and by who is needed to develop an effective service plan, and can therefore expand and contract as necessary to be successful on behalf of the child.  

CHILDREN with SPECIAL HEALTH CARE NEEDS (CSHCN)  
    
 Children under age 19 who are blind, children with disabilities, and related populations (eligible for SSI under Title XVI). Children eligible under section 1902(e)(3) of the Social Security Act (Katie Beckett); in foster care or
other out-of-home placement; receiving foster care or adoption assistance; or receiving services through a family-centered, community-based coordinated care system that receives grant funds under section 501(a)(1)(D) of Title V (CRS).  

CLAIM DISPUTE  
    
 A dispute, filed by a provider or Contractor, whichever is applicable, involving a payment of a claim, denial of a claim, imposition of a sanction or reinsurance.  

CLEAN CLAIM  
    
 A claim that may be processed without obtaining additional information from the provider of service or from a third party but does not include claims under investigation for fraud or abuse or claims under review for medical
necessity, as defined by A.R.S.  36-2904.  

CLIENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (CIS)  
    
 The centralized processing system for files from each TRBHA/RBHA to AHCCCS as well as an informational repository for a variety of BH related reporting. The CIS system includes Member Enrollment and Eligibility, Encounter processing
data, Demographics and SMI determination processes.  

CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS (CFR)  
    
 The general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the departments and agencies of the Federal Government.   

CONTRACT SERVICES  
    
 See  COVERED SERVICES.   

CONTRACTOR  
    
 An organization or entity that has a prepaid capitated contract with AHCCCS pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2904,  36-2940, or  36-2944to provide goods and services to members either directly or through subcontracts with
providers, in conformance with contractual requirements, AHCCCS Statute and Rules, and Federal law and regulations.  

CONVICTED  
    
 A judgment of conviction has been entered by a Federal, State or local court, regardless of whether an appeal from that judgment is pending.  

COPAYMENT  
    
 A monetary amount that the member pays directly to a provider at the time covered services are rendered, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7.  

CORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN (CAP)  
    
 A written work plan that identifies the root cause(s) of a deficiency, includes goals and objectives, actions/ tasks to be taken to facilitate an expedient return to compliance, methodologies to be used to accomplish CAP goals and
objectives, and staff responsible to carry out the CAP within established timelines. CAPs are generally used to improve performance of the Contractor and/or its providers, to enhance Quality Management/Process Improvement activities and the outcomes
of the activities, or to resolve a deficiency.  

COST AVOIDANCE  
    
 The process of identifying and utilizing all confirmed sources of first or third-party benefits before payment is made by the Contractor.  

COVERED SERVICES  
    
 The health and medical services to be delivered by the Contractor as described in Section D, Program Requirements or the Scope of Work Section.  

CREDENTIALING  
    
 The process of obtaining, verifying and evaluating information regarding applicable licensure, accreditation, certification, educational and practice requirements to determine whether a provider has the required credentials to
deliver specific covered services to members.  

DAY  
    
 A day means a calendar day unless otherwise specified.  

DAY   BUSINESS/WORKING  
    
 A business day means a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday unless a legal holiday falls on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday.  

DELEGATED AGREEMENT  
    
 A type of subcontract agreement with a qualified organization or person to perform one or more functions required to be performed by the Contractor pursuant to this contract.  

DIVISION OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES (DBHS)  
    
 The state agency that formerly had the duties set forth by the legislature to provide BH services within Arizona.   

DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY/DIVISION OF DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES (DES/DDD)  
    
 The Division of a State agency, as defined in A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 5.1, which is responsible for serving eligible Arizona residents with a developmental/intellectual disability. AHCCCS contracts with DES/DDD to serve Medicaid
eligible individuals with a developmental/intellectual disability.  

DISENROLLMENT  
    
 The discontinuance of a member s eligibility to receive covered services through a Contractor.  

DIVISION OF HEALTH CARE MANAGEMENT (DHCM)  
    
 The division responsible for Contractor oversight regarding AHCCCS Contractor operations, quality, maternal and child health, behavioral health, medical management, case management, rate setting, encounters, and
financial/operational oversight.  

DUAL ELIGIBLE  
    
 A member who is eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid.  

DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT (DME)  
    
 Equipment that provides therapeutic benefits; is designed primarily for a medical purpose; is ordered by a physician/provider; is able to withstand repeated use; and is appropriate for use in the home.  

EARLY AND PERIODIC SCREENING, DIAGNOSTIC, AND TREATMENT (EPSDT)  
    
 A comprehensive child health program of prevention, treatment, correction, and improvement of physical and mental health problems for AHCCCS members under the age of 21. The purpose of EPSDT is to ensure the availability and
accessibility of health care resources as well as to assist Medicaid recipients in effectively utilizing these resources. EPSDT services provide comprehensive health care through primary prevention, early intervention, diagnosis, medically necessary
treatment, and follow-up care of physical and behavioral health problems for AHCCCS members less than 21 years of age. EPSDT services include screening services, vision services, dental services, hearing services and all other medically necessary
mandatory and optional services listed in Federal Law 42 U.S.C. 1396d(a) to correct or ameliorate defects and physical and mental illnesses and conditions identified in an EPSDT screening whether or not the services are covered under the AHCCCS
State Plan. Limitations and exclusions, other than the requirement for medical necessity and cost effectiveness, do not apply to EPSDT services.  

EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITION  
    
 A medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (including severe pain) such that a prudent layperson who possesses an average knowledge of health and medicine could reasonably expect the absence of
immediate medical attention to result in: a) placing the patient s health (or, with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeopardy, b)serious impairment to bodily functions, or c) serious
dysfunction of any bodily organ or part [42 CFR 438.114(a)].  

EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE  
    
 Covered inpatient and outpatient services provided after the sudden onset of an emergency medical condition as defined above. These services must be furnished by a qualified provider, and must be necessary to evaluate or stabilize
the emergency medical condition [42 CFR 438.114(a)].   

ENCOUNTER  
    
 A record of a health care-related service rendered by a provider or providers registered with AHCCCS to a member who is enrolled with a Contractor on the date of service.  

ENROLLEE  
    
 A Medicaid recipient who is currently enrolled with a Contractor [42 CFR 438.10(a)].  

ENROLLMENT  
    
 The process by which an eligible person becomes a member of a Contractor s plan.  

EQUITY PARTNERS  
    
 The sponsoring organizations or parent companies of the managed care organization that share in the returns generated by the organization, both profits and liabilities.  

EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE  
    
 An intervention that is recognized as effective in treating a specific health-related condition based on scientific research; the skill and judgment of care health professionals; and the unique needs, concerns and preferences of the
person receiving services.  

EXHIBITS  
    
 All items attached as part of the solicitation.  

FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION (FFP)  
    
 FFP refers to the contribution that the Federal government makes to the Title XIX and Title XXI program portions of AHCCCS, as defined in 42 CFR 400.203.  

FEE-FOR-SERVICE (FFS)  
    
 A method of payment to an AHCCCS registered provider on an amount-per-service basis for services reimbursed directly by AHCCCS for members not enrolled with a managed care Contractor.  

FEE-FOR-SERVICE MEMBER  
    
 A Title XIX or Title XXI eligible individual who is not enrolled with an AHCCCS Contractor.  

FRAUD  
    
 An intentional deception or misrepresentation made by a person with the knowledge that the deception could result in some unauthorized benefit to himself or some other person. It includes any act that constitutes fraud under
applicable State or Federal law, as defined in 42 CFR 455.2.  

GENERAL MENTAL HEALTH/SUBSTANCE ABUSE (GMH/SA)  
    
 A classification of adult persons age 18 and older who have general behavioral health issues, have not been determined to have a serious mental illness, but are eligible to receive covered behavioral health services.  

GEOGRAPHIC SERVICE AREA (GSA)  
    
 An area designated by AHCCCS within which a Contractor of record provides, directly or through subcontract, covered health care service to a member enrolled with that Contractor of record, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article
1.  

GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM  
    
 A system that includes a process for enrollee grievances, SMI grievances, enrollee appeals, provider claim disputes, and access to the state fair hearing system.   

HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL  
    
 A physician, podiatrist, optometrist, chiropractor, psychologist, dentist, physician assistant, physical or occupational therapist, therapist assistant, speech language pathologist, audiologist, registered or practical nurse
(including nurse practitioner, clinical nurse specialist, certified registered nurse anesthetist and certified nurse midwife), licensed social worker, registered respiratory therapist, licensed marriage and family therapist and licensed professional
counselor.  

HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT (HIPAA)  
    
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act; also known as the Kennedy-Kassebaum Act, signed August 21, 1996 as amended and as reflected in the implementing regulations at 45 CFR Parts 160, 162, and 164.  

HEALTH PLAN  
    
 See  CONTRACTOR.   

INCURRED BUT NOT REPORTED LIABILITY (IBNR)  
    
 Incurred but not reported liability for services rendered for which claims have not been received.  

INDIVIDUAL RECOVERY PLAN (FORMERLY KNOWN AS THE INDIVIDUAL SERVICE PLAN)  
    
 See  SERVICE PLAN   

INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES (IHS)  
    
 The operating division within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, responsible for providing medical and public health services to members of federally recognized Tribes and Alaska Natives as outlined in 25 U.S.C.
1661.  

INFORMATION SYSTEMS  
    
 The component of the Offeror s organization which supports the Information Systems, whether the systems themselves are internal to the organization (full spectrum of systems staffing), or externally contracted (internal
oversight and support).  

INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENT (IGA)  
    
 When authorized by legislative or other governing bodies, two or more public agencies or public procurement units by direct contract or agreement may contract for services or jointly exercise any powers common to the contracting
parties and may enter into agreements with one another for joint or cooperative action or may form a separate legal entity, including a nonprofit corporation to contract for or perform some or all of the services specified in the contract or
agreement or exercise those powers jointly held by the contracting parties. A.R.S. Title 11, Chapter 7, Article 3 (A.R.S.  11-952.A).  

LIABLE PARTY  
    
 An individual, entity, or program that is or may be liable to pay all or part of the medical cost of injury, disease or disability of an AHCCCS applicant or member as defined in A.A.C.
R9-22-1001.   

LIEN  
    
 A legal claim, filed with the County Recorder s office in which a member resides and in the county an injury was sustained for the purpose of ensuring that AHCCCS receives reimbursement for medical services paid. The lien is
attached to any settlement the member may receive as a result of an injury.  

MAJOR UPGRADE  
    
 Any systems upgrade or changes that may result in a disruption to the following: loading of contracts, providers or members, issuing prior authorizations or the adjudication of claims.  

MANAGED CARE  
    
 Systems that integrate the financing and delivery of health care services to covered individuals by means of arrangements with selected providers to furnish comprehensive services to members; establish explicit criteria for the
selection of health care providers; have financial incentives for members to use providers and procedures associated with the plan; and have formal programs for quality, medical management and the coordination of care.  

MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT  
    
 A type of subcontract with an entity in which the owner of the Contractor delegates all or substantially all management and administrative services necessary for the operation of the Contractor.  

MATERIAL CHANGE TO BUSINESS OPERATIONS  
    
 Any change in overall operations that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as required in contract including, but not limited to, any change that would
impact or is likely to impact more than 5% of total membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.  

MANAGING EMPLOYEE  
    
 A general manager, business manager, administrator, director, or other individual who exercises operational or managerial control over or who directly or indirectly conducts the day-to-day operation of an institution, organization
or agency [42 CFR 455.101].  

MATERIAL OMISSION  
    
 A fact, data or other information excluded from a report, contract, etc., the absence of which could lead to erroneous conclusions following reasonable review of such report, contract, etc.  

MEDICAID  
    
 A Federal/State program authorized by Title XIX of the Social Security Act, as amended.  

MEDICAID MANAGED CARE REGULATIONS  
    
 The Federal law mandating, in part, that States ensure the accessibility and delivery of quality health care by their managed care Contractors. These regulations were promulgated pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act (BBA) of
1997.  

MEDICARE  
    
 A Federal program authorized by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as amended.  

MEDICAL MANAGEMENT (MM)  
    
 An integrated process or system that is designed to assure appropriate utilization of health care resources, in the amount and duration necessary to achieve desired health outcomes, across the continuum of care (from prevention to
end of life care).   

MEDICAL RECORDS  
    
 A chronological written account of a patient s examination and treatment that includes the patient s medical history and complaints, the provider s physical findings, behavioral health findings, the results of
diagnostic tests and procedures, medications and therapeutic procedures, referrals and treatment plans.  

MEDICAL SERVICES  
    
 Medical care and treatment provided by a Primary Care Provider (PCP), attending physician or dentist or by a nurse or other health related professional and technical personnel at the direction/order of a licensed physician or
dentist.  

MEDICALLY NECESSARY  
    
 As defined in 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 101. Medically necessary means a covered service provided by a physician or other licensed practitioner of the health arts within the scope of practice under State law to prevent disease, disability
or other adverse conditions or their progression, or prolong life.  

MEDICALLY NECESSARY SERVICES  
    
 Those covered services provided by qualified service providers within the scope of their practice to prevent disease, disability and other adverse health conditions or their progression or to prolong life.  

MEMBER  
    
 An eligible person who is enrolled in AHCCCS, as defined in A.R.S.  36-2931,  36-2901,  36-2901.01 and A.R.S.  36-2981.  

MEMBER INFORMATION MATERIALS  
    
 Any materials given to the Contractor s membership. This includes, but is not limited to: member handbooks, member newsletters, surveys, on hold messages and health related brochures/reminders and videos, form letter templates,
and website content. It also includes the use of other mass communication technology such as e-mail and voice recorded information messages delivered to a member s phone.  

NATIONAL PROVIDER IDENTIFIER (NPI)  
    
 A unique identification number for covered health care providers, assigned by the CMS contracted national enumerator.  

NON-CONTRACTING PROVIDER  
    
 A person or entity that provides services as prescribed in A.R.S.  36- 2901 who does not have a subcontract with an AHCCCS Contractor.  

OFFEROR  
    
 An organization or other entity that submits a proposal to AHCCCS in response to a Request For Proposal as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 1.  

PARENT  
    
 A biological, adoptive, or custodial mother or father of a child, or an individual who has been appointed as a legal guardian or custodian of a child by a court of competent jurisdiction.  

PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT PROJECT (PIP)  
    
 A planned process of data gathering, evaluation and analysis to determine interventions or activities that are projected to have a positive outcome. A PIP includes measuring the impact of the interventions or activities toward
improving the quality of care and service delivery. Formerly referred to as Quality Improvement Projects (QIP).   

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS  
    
 A set of standardized measures designed to assist AHCCCS in evaluating, comparing and improving the performance of its Contractors.  

POSTSTABILIZATION CARE SERVICES  
    
 Medically necessary services, related to an emergency medical condition provided after the member s condition is sufficiently stabilized in order to maintain, improve or resolve the member s condition so that the member
could alternatively be safely discharged or transferred to another location [42 CFR 438.114(a)].  

POTENTIAL ENROLLEE  
    
 A Medicaid-eligible recipient who is not yet enrolled with a Contractor [42 CFR 438.10(a)].  

PREPAID MEDICAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (PMMIS)  
    
 An integrated information infrastructure that supports AHCCCS operations, administrative activities and reporting requirements.  

PREMIUM TAX  
    
 The premium tax is equal to the tax imposed pursuant to A.R.S.  36- 2905 and  36-2944.01 for all payments made to Contractors for the contract year.  

PRIMARY CARE PROVIDER (PCP)  
    
 An individual who meets the requirements of A.R.S.  36-2901, and who is responsible for the management of the member s health care. A PCP may be a physician defined as a person licensed as an allopathic or osteopathic
physician according to A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 13 or Chapter 17, or a practitioner defined as a physician assistant licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 25, or a certified nurse practitioner licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 15. The PCP
must be an individual, not a group or association of persons, such as a clinic.  

PRIMARY PREVENTION  
    
 The focus on methods to reduce, control, eliminate and prevent the incidence or onset of physical or mental health disease through the application of interventions before there is any evidence of disease or injury.  

PRIOR AUTHORIZATION  
    
 Prior authorization is a process used to determine in advance of provision whether or not a prescribed procedure, service, or medication will be covered. The process is intended to act as a safety and cost savings measure.  

PRIOR PERIOD  
    
 See  PRIOR PERIOD COVERAGE.    

PRIOR PERIOD COVERAGE (PPC)  
    
 The period of time prior to the member s enrollment, during which a member is eligible for covered services. The timeframe is from the effective date of eligibility (usually the first day of the month of
application) until the date the member is enrolled with the Contractor. Refer to 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 1. If a member made eligible via the Hospital Presumptive Eligibility (HPE) program is subsequently determined eligible for AHCCCS via the full
application process, prior period coverage for the member will be covered by AHCCCS Fee-For- Service and the member will be enrolled with the Contractor only on a prospective basis.  

PRIOR QUARTER COVERAGE  
    
 The period of time prior to an individual s month of application for AHCCCS coverage, during which a member may be eligible for covered services. Prior Quarter Coverage is limited to the three month time period
prior to the month of application. An applicant may be eligible during any of the three months prior to application if the applicant:  

1. 
    
 Received one or more covered services described in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 2 and Article 12, and 9 A.A.C. 28, Article 2 during the month; and  

2. 
    
 Would have qualified for Medicaid at the time services were received if the person had applied regardless of whether the person is alive when the application is made. Refer to A.A.C. R9-22-303  

AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services received during the prior quarter.  

PROGRAM CONTRACTOR  
    
 See  CONTRACTOR   

PROVIDER  
    
 Any person or entity that contracts with AHCCCS or a Contractor for the provision of covered services to members according to the provisions A.R.S.  36-2901 or any subcontractor of a provider delivering services
pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2901.  

PROVIDER GROUP  
    
 Two or more health care professionals who practice their profession at a common location (whether or not they share facilities, supporting staff, or equipment).  

PRUDENT LAYPERSON (for purposes of determining whether an emergency medical condition exists)  
    
 A person without medical training who relies on the experience, knowledge and judgment of a reasonable person to make a decision regarding whether or not the absence of immediate medical attention will result in: 1)
placing the health of the individual in serious jeopardy, 2) serious impairment to bodily functions, or 3) serious dysfunction of a bodily part or organ.   

QUALIFIED MEDICARE BENEFICIARY DUAL ELIGIBLE (QMB DUAL)  
    
 A person determined eligible under A.A.C. R9-29-101 et seq. for Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB) and eligible for acute care services provided for in A.A.C. R9-22-201 et seq. or ALTCS services provided for in A.A.C. R9-28-201 et
seq. A QMB dual person receiving both Medicare and Medicaid services and cost sharing assistance.  

REFERRAL  
    
 A verbal, written, telephonic, electronic or in-person request for health services.  

REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY (RBHA)  
    
 A Managed Care Organization that has a contract with the administration, the primary purpose of which is to coordinate the delivery of comprehensive mental health services to all eligible persons assigned by the administration to
the managed care organization. Additionally the Managed Care Organization shall coordinate the delivery of comprehensive physical health services to all eligible persons with a serious mental illness enrolled by the administration to the managed
care organization.  

REINSURANCE  
    
 A risk-sharing program provided by AHCCCS to Contractors for the reimbursement of certain contract service costs incurred for a member beyond a predetermined monetary threshold.  

RELATED PARTY  
    
 A party that has, or may have, the ability to control or significantly influence a Contractor, or a party that is, or may be, controlled or significantly influenced by a Contractor.  Related parties  include, but are not
limited to, agents, managing employees, persons with an ownership or controlling interest in the Offeror and their immediate families, subcontractors, wholly-owned subsidiaries or suppliers, parent companies, sister companies, holding companies, and
other entities controlled or managed by any such entities or persons.  

REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)  
    
 A RFP includes all documents, whether attached or incorporated by references that are used by the Administration for soliciting a proposal under 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 6.  

ROOM AND BOARD (or ROOM)  
    
 The amount paid for food and/or shelter. Medicaid funds can be expended for room and board when a person lives in an institutional setting (e.g. NF, ICF). Medicaid funds cannot be expended for room and board when a member resides in
an alternative residential setting (e.g. Assisted Living Home, Behavioral Health Residential Facilities) or an apartment like setting that may provide meals.  

SCOPE OF SERVICES  
    
 See  COVERED SERVICES.   

SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT  
    
 A type of subcontract with a corporate owner or any of its Divisions or Subsidiaries that requires specific levels of service for administrative functions or services for the Contractor specifically related to fulfilling the
Contractor s obligations to AHCCCS under the terms of this contract.   

SERVICE PLAN  
    
 A complete written description of all covered health services and other informal supports which includes individualized goals, family support services, care coordination activities and strategies to assist the member in
achieving an improved quality of life.  

SPECIAL HEALTH CARE NEEDS  
    
 Serious or chronic physical, developmental and/or behavioral health conditions. Members with special health care needs require medically necessary services of a type or amount beyond that generally required by
members.  

SPECIALTY PHYSICIAN  
    
 A physician who is specially trained in a certain branch of medicine related to specific services or procedures, certain age categories of patients, certain body systems, or certain types of diseases.  

STATE  
    
 The State of Arizona.  

STATEWIDE  
    
 Of sufficient scope and breadth to address the health care service needs of members throughout the State of Arizona.  

STATE FISCAL YEAR  
    
 The budget year-State fiscal year: July 1 through June 30.  

STATE PLAN  
    
 The written agreements between the State and CMS, which describes how the AHCCCS program meets CMS requirements for participation in the Medicaid program and the State Children s Health Insurance Program.  

SUBCONTRACT  
    
 An agreement entered into by the Contractor with any of the following: a provider of health care services who agrees to furnish covered services to member; or with any other organization or person who agrees to perform
any administrative function or service for the Contractor specifically related to fulfilling the Contractor s obligations to AHCCCS under the terms of this contract, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 1.  

SUBCONTRACTOR  
    
 1. 
    
 A provider of health care who agrees to furnish covered services to members.  

2. 
    
 A person, agency or organization with which the Contractor has contracted or delegated some of its management/administrative functions or responsibilities.  

3. 
    
 A person, agency or organization with which a fiscal agent has entered into a contract, agreement, purchase order or lease (or leases of real property) to obtain space, supplies equipment or services provided under the AHCCCS
agreement.  

SUBSIDIARY  
    
 An entity owned or controlled by the Contractor.  

SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS  
    
 A range of conditions that vary in severity over time, from problematic, short-term use/abuse of substances to severe and chronic disorders requiring long-term and sustained treatment and recovery
management.   

SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME (SSI) AND SSI RELATED GROUPS  
    
 Eligible individuals receiving income through Federal cash assistance programs under Title XVI of the Social Security Act who are aged, blind or have a disability and have household income levels at or below 100% of the
FPL.  

THIRD PARTY LIABILITY (TPL)  
    
 See  LIABLE PARTY.   

TITLE XIX  
    
 Known as Medicaid, Title XIX of the Social Security Act provides for Federal grants to the states for medical assistance programs. Title XIX enables states to furnish medical assistance to those who have insufficient income and
resources to meet the costs of necessary medical services, rehabilitation and other services, to help those families and individuals become or remain independent and able to care for themselves. Title XIX members include but are not limited to those
eligible under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, Supplemental Security Income (SSI), SSI-related groups, Medicare cost sharing groups, Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Program and Freedom to Work Program. Which include those populations
42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A).  

TITLE XIX MEMBER  
    
 Title XIX members include those eligible under 1931 provisions of the Social Security Act (previously AFDC), Sixth Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (SOBRA), Supplemental Security Income (SSI) or SSI-related groups, Medicare Cost
Sharing groups, Adult Group at or below 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults  /= 106%), Adult Group above 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults   106%), Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment program, Title IV-E Foster Care and Adoption Subsidy,
Young Adult Transitional Insurance, and Freedom to Work.  

TREATMENT  
    
 A procedure or method to cure, improve, or palliate an individual s medical condition or behavioral health issue. Refer to A.A.C. R9-10-101.  

TRIBAL REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY (TRBHA)  
    
 A tribal entity that has an intergovernmental agreement with the administration, the primary purpose of which is to coordinate the delivery of comprehensive mental health services to all eligible persons assigned by the
administration to the tribal entity. Tribal governments, through an agreement with the State, may operate a Tribal Regional Behavioral Health Authority for the provision of behavioral health services to American Indian members. Refer to A.R.S.
 36-3401,  36-3407.  

YEAR  
    
 See  CONTRACT YEAR.   

[END OF PART 1 DEFINITIONS] 

SECTION C: DEFINITIONS   
  PART 2. DEFINITIONS PERTAINING TO ONE OR MORE AHCCCS CONTRACTS       

1931 (ALSO REFERRED TO AS TANF RELATED)  
    
 Eligible individuals and families under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, with household income levels at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL). See also  TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES
(TANF).   

ABUSE (OF MEMBER)  
    
 Intentional infliction of physical, emotional or mental harm, caused by negligent acts or omissions, unreasonable confinement, sexual abuse or sexual assault as defined by A.R.S.  46-451 and A.R.S.  13-3623.  

ABUSE (BY PROVIDER)  
    
 Provider practices that are inconsistent with sound fiscal, business or medical practices, and result in an unnecessary cost to the AHCCCS program, or in reimbursement for services that are not medically necessary or that fail to
meet professionally recognized standards for health care. It also includes recipient practices that result in unnecessary cost to the AHCCCS program as defined by 42 CFR 455.2.  

ACUTE CARE ONLY (ACO)  
    
 ACO refers to the enrollment status of a member who is otherwise financially and medically eligible for ALTCS but who either 1) refuses HCBS offered by the case manager; 2) has made an uncompensated transfer that makes him or her
ineligible; 3) resides in a setting in which Long Term Care Services cannot be provided; or 4) has equity value in a home that exceeds $552,000. These ALTCS enrolled members are eligible to receive acute medical services but not eligible to receive
LTC institutional, alternative residential or HCBS.  

ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COURTS (AOC)  
    
 The Arizona Constitution authorizes an administrative director and staff to assist the Chief Justice with administrative duties. Under the direction of the Chief Justice, the administrative director and the staff of the
Administrative Office of the Courts (AOC) provide the necessary support for the supervision and administration of all State courts.  

ADULT GROUP ABOVE 106% FEDERAL POVERTY LEVEL (ADULTS   106%)  
    
 Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income above 106% through 133% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

ADULT GROUP AT OR BELOW 106% FEDERAL POVERTY LEVEL (ADULTS  /= 106%)  
    
 Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income at or below 106% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

AGENT  
    
 Any person who has been delegated the authority to obligate or act on behalf of another person or entity.   

AID FOR FAMILIES WITH DEPENDENT CHILDREN (AFDC)  
    
 See  TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES (TANF).   

ANNIVERSARY DATE  
    
 The anniversary date is 12 months from the date the member enrolled with the Contractor and annually thereafter. In some cases, the anniversary date will change based on the last date the member changed Contractors or
the last date the member was given an opportunity to change.  

ANNUAL ENROLLMENT CHOICE (AEC)  
    
 The opportunity for a person to change Contractors every 12 months.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CHILD SAFETY (DCS)  
    
 The department established pursuant to A.R.S.  8-451 to protect children and to perform the following:  

1. 
    
 Investigate reports of abuse and neglect.  

2. 
    
 Assess, promote and support the safety of a child in a safe and stable family or other appropriate placement in response to allegations of abuse or neglect.  

3. 
    
 Work cooperatively with law enforcement regarding reports that include criminal conduct allegations.  

4. 
    
 Without compromising child safety, coordinate services to achieve and maintain permanency on behalf of the child, strengthen the family and provide prevention, intervention and treatment services pursuant to this chapter.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF JUVENILE CORRECTION (ADJC)  
    
 The State agency responsible for all juveniles adjudicated as delinquent and committed to its jurisdiction by the county juvenile courts.  

BED HOLD  
    
 A 24 hour per day unit of service that is authorized by an ALTCS member s case manager or the behavioral health case manager or a subcontractor for an acute care member, which may be billed despite the member s
absence from the facility for the purposes of short term hospitalization leave and therapeutic leave. Refer to the Arizona Medicaid State Plan, 42 C.F.R.   447.40 and 483.12, and 9 A.A.C. 28 for more information on the bed hold service and
AMPM Chapter 100.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PARAPROFESSIONAL  
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual who is not a behavioral health professional who provides behavioral health services at or for a health care institution according to the health care institution s
policies and procedures that:  

a. 
    
 If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health care institution, the individual would be required to be licensed as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33;
and  

b. 
    
 Are provided under supervision by a behavioral health professional.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH RESIDENTIAL FACILITY  
    
 A health care institution that provides continuous treatment to an individual experiencing a behavioral health issue that causes the individual to:  

a. 
    
 Have a limited or reduced ability to meet the individual s basic physical needs;  

b. 
    
 Suffer harm that significantly impairs the individual s judgment, reason, behavior, or capacity to recognize reality;  

c. 
    
 Be a danger to self;  

d. 
    
 Be a danger to others;  

e. 
    
 Be persistently or acutely disabled as defined in A.R.S.   36-501; or  

f. 
    
 Be gravely disabled.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH TECHNICIAN  
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual who is not a behavioral health professional who provides behavioral health services at or for a health care institution according to the health care institution s
policies and procedures that:  

a. 
    
 If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health care institution, the individual would be required to be licensed as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33;
and  

b. 
    
 Are provided with clinical oversight by a behavioral health professional.  

BREAST AND CERVICAL CANCER TREATMENT PROGRAM (BCCTP)  
    
 Eligible individuals under the Title XIX expansion program for women with income up to 250% of the FPL, who are diagnosed with and need treatment for breast and/or cervical cancer or cervical lesions and are not eligible
for other Title XIX programs providing full Title XIX services. Qualifying individuals cannot have other creditable health insurance coverage, including Medicare.  

CARE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM (CMP)  
    
 Activities to identify the top tier of high need/high cost Title XIX members receiving services within an AHCCCS contracted health plan; including the design of clinical interventions or alternative treatments to reduce
risk, cost, and help members achieve better health care outcomes. Care management is an administrative function performed by the health plan. Distinct from case management, Care Managers should not perform the day-to-day duties of service
delivery.  

CARE MANAGEMENT  
    
 A group of activities performed by the Contractor to identify and manage clinical interventions or alternative treatments for identified members to reduce risk, cost, and help achieve better health care outcomes.
Distinct from case management, care management does not include the day-to-day duties of service delivery.  

CASE MANAGEMENT  
    
 A collaborative process which assess, plans, implements, coordinates, monitors, and evaluates options and services to meet an individual s health needs through communication and available resources to promote
quality, cost-effective outcomes.  

CASH MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT ACT (CMIA)  
    
 Cash Management Improvement Act of 1990 [31 CFR Part 205]. Provides guidelines for the drawdown and transfer of Federal funds.   

CHILDREN S REHABILITATIVE SERVICES (CRS)  
    
   A program that provides medical treatment, rehabilitation, and related support services to Title XIX and Title XXI members who
have completed the CRS application and have met the eligibility criteria to receive CRS-related services as specified in 9 A.A.C. 22.   

CLIENT ASSESSMENT AND TRACKING SYSTEM (CATS)  
    
 A component of AHCCCS  data management information system that supports ALTCS and that is designed to provide key information to, and receive key information from ALTCS Contractors.  

COMPREHENSIVE MEDICAL AND DENTAL PROGRAM (CMDP)  
    
 A Contractor that is responsible for the provision of covered, medically necessary AHCCCS services for foster children in Arizona. Refer to A.R.S.  8-512.  

COMPETITIVE BID PROCESS  
    
 A state procurement system used to select Contractors to provide covered services on a geographic basis.  

COUNTY OF FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY  
    
 The county of fiscal responsibility is the Arizona county that is responsible for paying the state s funding match for the member s ALTCS Service Package. The county of physical presence (the county in which
the member physically resides) and the county of fiscal responsibility may be the same county or different counties.  

CRS-ELIGIBLE  
    
 An individual AHCCCS member who has completed the CRS application process, as delineated in the CRS Policy and Procedure Manual ,  and has met all applicable criteria to be eligible to receive CRS-related services
as specified in 9 A.A.C. 22.  

CRS RECIPIENT  
    
 An individual who has completed the CRS application process, and has met all applicable criteria to be eligible to receive CRS related covered Services.  

DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITY (DD)  
    
 As defined in A.R.S.  36-551, a strongly demonstrated potential that a child under six years of age has a developmental disability or will become a child with a developmental disability, as determined by a test
performed pursuant to section 36-694 or by other appropriate tests, or a severe, chronic disability that:  

a. 
    
 Is attributable to cognitive disability, cerebral palsy, epilepsy or autism.  

b. 
    
 Is manifested before age eighteen.  

c. 
    
 Is likely to continue indefinitely.  

d. 
    
 Results in substantial functional limitations in three or more of the following areas of major life activity:  

(i) Self-care.  

(ii) Receptive and expressive language.  

(iii) Learning.  

(iv) Mobility.  

(v) Self-direction.  

(vi) Capacity for independent living.  

(vii) Economic self-sufficiency.  

e. 
    
 Reflects the need for a combination and sequence of individually planned or coordinated special, interdisciplinary or generic care, treatment or other services that are of lifelong or extended
duration.   

EPISODE OF CARE  
    
 The period between the beginning of treatment and the ending of covered services for an individual. The beginning and end of an episode of care is marked with a demographic file submission. Over time, an individual may have multiple
episodes of care.  

FAMILY-CENTERED  
    
 Care that recognizes and respects the pivotal role of the family in the lives of members. It supports families in their natural care-giving roles, promotes normal patterns of living, and ensures family collaboration and choice in
the provision of services to the member.  

FAMILY OR FAMILY MEMBER  
    
 A biological, adoptive, or custodial mother or father of a child, or an individual who has been appointed as a legal guardian or custodian of a child by a court of competent jurisdiction, or other member representative responsible
for making health care decisions on behalf of the member. Family members may also include siblings, grandparents, aunts and uncles.  

FEDERAL EMERGENCY SERVICES (FES)  
    
 A program delineated in A.A.C. R9-22-217, to treat an emergency condition for a member who is determined eligible under A.R.S.  36- 2903.03(D).  

FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTER (FQHC)  
    
 A public or private non-profit health care organization that has been identified by the HRSA and certified by CMS as meeting criteria under Sections 1861(aa)(4) and 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act.  

FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTER LOOK-ALIKE  
    
 A public or private non-profit health care organization that has been identified by the HRSA and certified by CMS as meeting the definition of  health center  under Section 330 of the Public Health Service Act, but does
not receive grant funding under Section 330.  

FIELD CLINIC  
    
 A  clinic  consisting of single specialty health care providers who travel to health care delivery settings closer to members and their families than the Multi-Specialty Interdisciplinary Clinics (MSICs) to provide a
specific set of services including evaluation, monitoring, and treatment for CRS-related conditions on a periodic basis.  

FREEDOM OF CHOICE (FC)  
    
 The opportunity given to each member who does not specify a Contractor preference at the time of enrollment to choose between the Contractors available within the Geographic Service Area (GSA) in which the member is
enrolled.  

HOME  
    
 A residential dwelling that is owned, rented, leased, or occupied at no cost to the member, including a house, a mobile home, an apartment or other similar shelter. A home is not a facility, a setting or an institution, or a portion
and any of these, licensed or certified by a regulatory agency of the state as a defined in A.A.C. R9-28-101.  

HOME AND COMMUNITY BASED SERVICES (HCBS)  
    
 Home and community-based services, as defined in A.R.S.  36-2931 and  36-2939.   

INTEGRATED MEDICAL RECORD  
    
 A single document in which all of the medical information listed in Chapter 900 of the AMPM is recorded to facilitate the coordination and quality of care delivered by multiple providers serving a single patient in multiple
locations and at varying times.  

INTERDISCIPLINARY CARE  
    
 A meeting of the interdisciplinary team members or coordination of care among interdisciplinary treatment team members to address the totality of the treatment and service plans for the member based on the most current information
available.  

INTERMEDIATE CARE FACILITY FOR PERSONS WITH INTELLECTUAL DISABILITIES (ICF)  
    
 A placement setting for persons with intellectual disabilities.  

JUVENILE PROBATION OFFICE (JPO)  
    
 An officer within the Arizona Department of Juvenile Corrections assigned to a juvenile upon release from a secure facility. Having close supervision and observation over juvenile s who are ordered to participate in the
intensive probation program including visual contact at least four times per week and weekly contact with the school, employer, community restitution agency or treatment program. (A.R.S.  8-353)  

KIDSCARE  
    
 Federal and State Children s Health Insurance Program (Title XXI   CHIP) administered by AHCCCS. The KidsCare program offers comprehensive medical, preventive, treatment services, and behavioral health care services
statewide to eligible children under the age of 19, in households with income between 133% and 200% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

MEDICAL PRACTITIONER  
    
 A physician, physician assistant or registered nurse practitioner.  

MEDICARE MANAGED CARE PLAN  
    
 A managed care entity that has a Medicare contract with CMS to provide services to Medicare beneficiaries, including Medicare Advantage Plan (MAP), Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Plan (MAPDP), MAPDP Special Needs Plan, or
Medicare Prescription Drug Plan.  

MULTI-SPECIALTY INTERDISCIPLINARY CLINIC (MSIC)  
    
 An established facility where specialists from multiple specialties meet with members and their families for the purpose of providing interdisciplinary services to treat members.  

PERSON WITH A DEVELOPMENTAL/ INTELLECTUAL DISABILITY  
    
 An individual who meets the Arizona definition as outlined in A.R.S.  36- 551 and is determined eligible for services through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). Services for AHCCCS-enrolled acute and long
term care members with developmental/intellectual disabilities are managed through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities.  

PRE-ADMISSION SCREENING (PAS)  
    
 A process of determining an individual s risk of institutionalization at a NF or ICF level of care as specified in 9 A.A.C. 28 Article 1.  

RATE CODE  
    
 Eligibility classification for capitation payment purposes.  

RISK GROUP  
    
 Grouping of rate codes that are paid at the same capitation rate.   

ROSTER BILLING  
    
 Any claim that does not meet the standardized claim requirements of 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7 is considered roster billing.  

RURAL HEALTH CLINIC (RHC)  
    
 A clinic located in an area designated by the Bureau of Census as rural, and by the Secretary of the DHHS as medically underserved or having an insufficient number of physicians, which meets the requirements under 42 CFR
491.  

SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS (SMI)  
    
 A condition as defined in A.R.S.  36-550 and determined in a person 18 years of age or older.  

SIXTH OMNIBUS BUDGET AND RECONCILIATION ACT (SOBRA)  
    
 Eligible pregnant women under Section 9401 of the Sixth Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1986, amended by the Medicare Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988, 42 U.S.C. 1396(a)(10)(A)(ii)(IX), November 5, 1990, with
individually budgeted incomes at or below 150% of the FPL, and children in families with individually budgeted incomes ranging from below 100% to 140% of the FPL, depending on the age of the child.  

SMI ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION  
    
 The process, after assessment and submission of required documentation to determine, whether a member meets the criteria for Serious Mental Illness.  

STATE CHILDREN S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (SCHIP)  
    
 State Children s Health Insurance Program under Title XXI of the Social Security Act (Also known as CHIP). The Arizona version of CHIP is referred to as  KidsCare.  See also  KIDSCARE.   

STATE ONLY TRANSPLANT MEMBERS  
    
 Individuals who are eligible under one of the Title XIX eligibility categories and found eligible for a transplant, but subsequently lose Title XIX eligibility due to excess income become eligible for one of two extended
eligibility options as specified in A.R.S.  36-2907.10 and A.R.S.  36-2907.11.  

SUBSTANCE ABUSE  
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual s misuse of alcohol or other drug or chemical that:  

a. 
    
 Alters the individual s behavior or mental functioning;  

b. 
    
 Has the potential to cause the individual to be psychologically or physiologically dependent on alcohol or other drug or chemical; and  

c. 
    
 Impairs, reduces, or destroys the individual s social or economic functioning.  

TELEMEDICINE  
    
 The practice of health care delivery, diagnosis, consultation and treatment and the transfer of medical data through interactive audio, video or data communications that occur in the physical presence of the patient,
including audio or video communications sent to a health care provider for diagnostic or treatment consultation. Refer to A.R.S.  36-3601.  

TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES (TANF)  
    
 A Federal cash assistance program under Title IV of the Social Security Act established by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (P.L. 104-193). It replaced Aid To Families With
Dependent Children (AFDC).   

T ITLE  XXI  
    
 Title XXI of the Social Security Act provides funds to states to enable them to initiate and expand the provision of child health assistance to uninsured, low income children in an effective and efficient manner that is coordinated
with other sources of child health benefits coverage.  

TITLE XXI MEMBER  
    
 Member eligible for acute care services under Title XXI of the Social Security Act, referred to in Federal legislation as the  Children s Health Insurance Program  (CHIP ). The Arizona version of CHIP is referred to
as  KidsCare.   

TREATMENT PLAN  
    
 A written plan of services and therapeutic interventions based on a complete assessment of a member s developmental and health status, strengths and needs that are designed and periodically updated by the multi-specialty,
interdisciplinary team.  

VIRTUAL CLINICS  
    
 Integrated services provided in community settings through the use of innovative strategies for care coordination such as Telemedicine, integrated medical records and virtual interdisciplinary treatment team meetings.  
   [END OF PART 2 DEFINITIONS]  
 [END OF SECTION C]  

SECTION D: ACUTE CARE PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS   

1.  
  PURPOSE, APPLICABILITY, AND INTRODUCTION         PURPOSE AND APPLICABILITY    
 The purpose of the contract between AHCCCS and the Contractor is to implement and operate the Arizona Acute Care Program pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2901 et
seq.    In the event that a provision of Federal or State law, regulation, or policy is repealed or modified during the term of this contract, effective on
the date the repeal or modification by its own terms takes effect:      

1. 
 The provisions of this contract shall be deemed to have been amended to incorporate the repeal or modification; and        

2. 
 The Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the contract as amended, unless AHCCCS and the Contractor otherwise stipulate in writing.    
   INTRODUCTION       AHCCCS Mission and Vision
    AHCCCS  mission and vision are to reach across Arizona to provide comprehensive quality healthcare to those in need while shaping tomorrow s
managed health care from today s experience, quality and innovation. AHCCCS is dedicated to continuously improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Acute Care Program while supporting member choice in the delivery of the highest quality
care to its customers.    AHCCCS expects the Contractor to implement program innovation and best practices on an ongoing basis. Furthermore, it is important
for the Contractor to continuously develop mechanisms to reduce administrative cost and improve program efficiency. Over the term of the contract, AHCCCS will work collaboratively with the Contractor to evaluate ways to reduce program complexity,
improve care coordination and chronic disease management, reduce administrative burdens, leverage joint purchasing power, and reduce unnecessary administrative and medical costs.  
 AHCCCS has remained a leader in Medicaid Managed Care through the diligent pursuit of excellence and cost effective managed care by its collaboration with
Contractors.    The Contractor must continue to add value to the program. A Contractor adds value when it:  

Recognizes that Medicaid members are entitled to care and assistance navigating the service delivery system and demonstrates special effort throughout its operations to assure members receive necessary services.

Recognizes that Medicaid members with special health care needs or chronic health conditions require care coordination, and provides that coordination.    

Recognizes that health care providers are an essential partner in the delivery of health care services, and operates the Health Plan in a manner that is efficient and effective for health care providers as well as the
Contractor.        

Recognizes that performance improvement is both clinical and operational in nature and self-monitors and self-corrects as necessary to improve contract compliance or operational excellence.    

Recognizes that the program is publicly funded, is subject to public scrutiny, and operates in a manner consistent with the public trust.    
  The Acute Care Program     In 1982 Arizona introduced its
innovative Medicaid program by establishing the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS), a demonstration program based on principles of managed care. In doing so, AHCCCS became the first statewide Medicaid managed care system in the
nation. As of October 1, 2012, AHCCCS, through its Managed Care Organizations (MCOs) serves 1,062,361 members under the Acute Care Program.  

AHCCCS contracts for acute care services in seven geographic service areas that include the 15 Arizona
counties. Contractors are responsible for coordinating, managing and providing acute care services to members and coordinating carved out behavioral health services delivered by the Regional Behavioral Health Authorities through the Arizona
Department of Health Services.    Additional information may be obtained by visiting the AHCCCS website: www.azahcccs.gov.  

2.  
  ELIGIBILITY CATEGORIES       AHCCCS is Arizona s Title XIX Medicaid program operating under an 1115
Waiver and Title XXI program operating under Title XXI State Plan authority. Arizona has the authority to require mandatory enrollment in managed care. All Acute Care Program members eligible for AHCCCS benefits, with exceptions as identified below,
are enrolled with Acute Care Contractors that are paid on a capitated basis. AHCCCS pays for health care expenses on a Fee-For-Service (FFS) basis for Title XIX- and Title XXI- eligible members who receive services through the American Indian Health
Program; for Title XIX eligible members who are entitled to emergency services under the Federal Emergency Services (FES) program; and for Medicare cost sharing beneficiaries under the QMB-Only program.  
 The Contractor is not responsible for determining eligibility.  
 The following describes the eligibility groups enrolled in the managed care program and covered under this contract [42 CFR 434.6(a)(2)]:  
  Title XIX       1931 (Also referred to
as TANF-related)  : Eligible individuals and families under the 1931 provision of the Social Security Act, with income at or below 100% of the FPL.  
   SSI Cash  : Eligible individuals receiving Supplemental Security Income through Federal cash assistance programs under Title XVI of
the Social Security Act who are aged, blind or who have a disability and have income at or below 100% of the Federal Benefit Rate (FBR).  
   SSI Medical Assistance Only (SSI MAO) and Related Groups  : Eligible individuals who are aged, blind or who have a disability and
have household income levels at or below 100% of the FPL.      Freedom to Work (Ticket to Work)  : Eligible individuals under the
Title XIX program that extends eligibility to individuals 16 through 64 years old who meet SSI disability criteria, and whose earned income after allowable deductions is at or below 250% of the FPL, and who are not eligible for any other Medicaid
program. These members must pay a premium to AHCCCS, depending on income.      SOBRA  : Under the Sixth Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1986, eligible pregnant women, with income at or below 150% of the FPL, and children with individually budgeted incomes ranging from below 100% to 140% of the FPL, depending on the age of the child.  
   Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Program (BCCTP)  : Eligible individuals under the Title XIX expansion program for women with
incomes at or below 250% of the FPL, who are diagnosed with and need treatment for breast and/or cervical cancer or cervical lesions and are not eligible for other Title XIX programs. Eligible members cannot have other creditable health insurance
coverage, including Medicare.      Title IV-E Foster Care and Adoption Subsidy  : Children who are in State foster care or are
receiving Federally funded adoption subsidy payments.  

Young Adult Transitional Insurance (YATI)  : Transitional medical care for
individuals age 18 through age 25 who were enrolled in the foster care program under jurisdiction of the Department of Child Safety in Arizona on their 18th birthday.  
   Adult Group at or below 106% FPL  : Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income at or below 106% of the Federal Poverty Level
(Adults  /= 106%).      Adult Group above 106% FPL  : Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income above 106% through 133%
of the Federal Poverty Level (Adults   106%).     Title XXI   
   KidsCare  : Federal and State Children s Health Insurance Program (Title XXI   CHIP) administered by AHCCCS. The KidsCare
program offers comprehensive medical, preventive, treatment services, and behavioral health care services statewide to eligible children under the age of 19, in households with income between 133% and 200% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  
  State-Only       State-Only
Transplants  : Title XIX individuals, for whom medical necessity for a transplant has been established and who subsequently lose Title XIX eligibility may become eligible for and select one of two extended eligibility options as specified in
A.R.S.  36-2907.10 and A.R.S.  36-2907.11. The extended eligibility is authorized only for those individuals who have met all of the following conditions:      

1. 
 The individual has been determined ineligible for Title XIX due to excess income;        

2. 
 The individual had been placed on a donor waiting list before eligibility expired; and        

3. 
 The individual has entered into a contractual arrangement with the transplant facility to pay the amount of income which is in excess of the eligibility income standards (referred to as transplant share of cost).
     The following options for extended eligibility are available to these members:  
  Option 1 : Extended eligibility is for one 12-month period immediately following the loss of AHCCCS eligibility. The member is eligible
for all AHCCCS covered services as long as they continue to be medically eligible for a transplant. If determined medically ineligible for a transplant at any time during the period, eligibility will terminate at the end of the calendar month in
which the determination is made.     Option 2 : The member loses AHCCCS eligibility but maintains transplant candidacy status as long as
medical eligibility for a transplant is maintained. At the time that the transplant is scheduled to be performed the transplant candidate will reapply and will be re-enrolled with his/her previous Contractor to receive all covered transplant
services. Option 2-eligible individuals are not eligible for any non-transplant related health care services from AHCCCS.      

3.  
  ENROLLMENT AND DISENROLLMENT       AHCCCS Acute Care members are enrolled with the Contractor in accordance
with the rules set forth in 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 17, and 9 A.A.C. 31 Articles 3 and 17. AHCCCS has the exclusive authority to enroll and disenroll members. AHCCCS does not use passive enrollment procedures [42 CFR 438.6(d)(2)]. AHCCCS operates as a
mandatory managed care program and choice of enrollment or auto-assignment is used pursuant to the terms of the Arizona Medicaid Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver Special Terms and
Conditions. i  The Contractor shall not disenroll any member for any reason unless directed to do so by AHCCCS [42 CFR 438.56(d)(5)(iii)]. The Contractor may request AHCCCS to change the
member s enrollment in accordance  

with ACOM Policy 401. The Contractor may not request disenrollment because of an adverse change in the enrollee s health status, nor because of the enrollee s utilization of medical
services, diminished mental capacity, or uncooperative or disruptive behavior resulting from his or her special needs. An AHCCCS member may request disenrollment from the Contractor for cause at any time. Refer to ACOM Policy 401.  
 AHCCCS will disenroll the member from the Contractor when:      

The member becomes ineligible for the AHCCCS program;        

In limited situations when the member moves out of the Contractor s service areas;        

The member changes Contractors during the member s open enrollment and annual enrollment choice period;        

The Contractor does not, because of moral or religious objections, cover the service the member seeks unless the Contractor offered a solution that was accepted by AHCCCS in accordance with the requirements in Section
D, Paragraph 10, Scope of Services;        

The member is eligible to transition to another AHCCCS program.      Members may submit plan change requests to
the Contractor or AHCCCS. A denial of any plan change request must include the Contractor s reason for not approving the change and options for resolution. The notice must advise the member of the AHCCCS and Contractors grievance policies. The
notice must also advise the member of his/her right to request a hearing, including how to request a hearing and the timeframe for making the request.  
   Member Choice of Contractor  : AHCCCS members eligible for services covered under this contract have a choice of available Contractors, except
those populations described below.      

a. 
 Previously enrolled members who have been disenrolled for less than 90 days will be automatically enrolled with the same Contractor, if still available.    

b. 
 Members residing in a Geographic Service Area where only one Contractor is available will be automatically enrolled with that Contractor and will be given a choice of PCPs.    
 AHCCCS members eligible under this contract who become eligible for another AHCCCS program will be enrolled as follows:  

a. 
 Members eligible for Children s Rehabilitative Services will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor, unless they refuse to participate in the CRS application process, refuse to receive CRS covered services through the
CRS Program, or opt out of CRS Program. This includes members who are eligible for CRS who are determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI).        

b. 
 Adult members determined to have a Serious Mental Illness will be enrolled in a RBHA.        

c. 
 Children in State custody will be enrolled in CMDP.      Members who do not choose a Contractor prior to AHCCCS
being notified of their eligibility are automatically assigned to a Contractor based on re-enrollment rules, family continuity, or the auto-assignment algorithm. If a member is auto-assigned, AHCCCS sends a Choice Notice to the member and allows the
member 30 days to choose a different Contractor. See Section D, Paragraph 6, Auto-Assignment Algorithm, for further explanation.    The effective date of
enrollment for a new Title XIX member with the Contractor is the day AHCCCS takes the enrollment action. The Contractor is responsible for payment of medically necessary covered services retroactive to the member s beginning date of
eligibility, as reflected in PMMIS.    The effective date of enrollment for a Title XXI member will be the first day of the month following notification to
the Contractor. In the event that eligibility is determined on or after the 25 th  day of the month, eligibility will begin on the first day of the second month following the determination.  

Prior Quarter Coverage    : Pursuant to Federal Regulation 42 CFR 435.915, AHCCCS is
required to implement Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility which expands the time period during which AHCCCS pays for covered services for eligible individuals to include services provided during any of the three months prior to the month the
individual applied for AHCCCS, if the individual met AHCCCS eligibility requirements during that month. AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services received during the prior quarter. Upon verification or notification of
Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility, providers will be required to bill AHCCCS for services provided during a prior quarter eligibility period.     
   Prior Period Coverage  : AHCCCS provides Prior Period Coverage for the period of time prior to the Title XIX member s enrollment during which
the member is eligible for covered services. Prior Period Coverage refers to the time frame from the effective date of eligibility (usually the first day of the month of application) until the date the member is enrolled with the Contractor. The
Contractor receives notification from AHCCCS of the member s enrollment. The Contractor is responsible for payment of all claims for medically necessary covered services, excluding most behavioral health services, provided to members during
prior period coverage. This may include services provided prior to the contract year and in a Geographic Service Area where the Contractor was not contracted at the time of service delivery. AHCCCS Fee-For-Service will be responsible for the payment
of claims for prior period coverage for members who are found eligible for AHCCCS initially through Hospital Presumptive Eligibility and later are enrolled with the Contractor. Therefore, for those members, the Contractor is not responsible for
Prior Period Coverage.      Hospital Presumptive Eligibility  : As required under the Affordable Care Act, AHCCCS has established standards for
the State s Hospital Presumptive Eligibility (HPE) program in accordance with federal requirements. Qualified hospitals that elect to participate in the HPE Program will implement a process consistent with AHCCCS standards which determines
applicants presumptively eligible for AHCCCS Medicaid covered services. Persons determined presumptively eligible who have not submitted a full application to AHCCCS will qualify for Medicaid services from the date the hospital determines the
individual to be presumptively eligible through the last day of the month following the month in which the determination of presumptive eligibility was made by the qualified hospital. For persons who apply for presumptive eligibility and who also
submit a full application to AHCCCS, coverage of Medicaid services will begin on the date that the hospital determines the individual to be presumptively eligible and will continue through the date that AHCCCS issues a determination on that
application. All persons determined presumptively eligible for AHCCCS will be enrolled with AHCCCS Fee-For-Service for the duration of the HPE eligibility period. If a member made eligible via HPE is subsequently determined eligible for AHCCCS via
the full application process, Prior Period Coverage for the member will also be covered by AHCCCS Fee-For-Service, and the member will be enrolled with the Contractor only on a prospective basis.  
   Newborns  : Newborns born to AHCCCS eligible mothers enrolled at the time of the child s birth will be enrolled with the mother s
Contractor (except as noted in the following paragraph), when newborn notification is received by AHCCCS. The Contractor is responsible for notifying AHCCCS of a child s birth to an enrolled member. Capitation for the newborn will be
retroactive to the date of birth if notification is received no later than one day from the date of birth. In all other circumstances, capitation for the newborn will begin on the date notification is received by AHCCCS. The effective date of AHCCCS
eligibility for the newborn will be the newborn s date of birth, and the Contractor is responsible for all covered services to the newborn, whether or not AHCCCS has received notification of the child s birth. AHCCCS is available to
receive notification 24 hours a day, seven days a week via the AHCCCS website. Each eligible mother of a newborn is sent a Choice notice advising her of her right to choose a different Contractor for her child; the date of the change will be the
date of processing the request from the mother. If the mother does not request a change within 30 days, the child will remain with the mother s Contractor.  
 Babies born to mothers enrolled in the Federal Emergency Services (FES) program, a RBHA, CRS, or CMDP are auto-assigned to an Acute Care Contractor. Mothers
of these newborns are sent a Choice Notice advising them of their right to choose a different Contractor for their child, which allows them 30 days to make a choice. In the event the mother chooses a different Contractor, AHCCCS will recoup all
capitation paid to the  

originally assigned Contractor and the baby will be enrolled retroactive to the date of birth with the second Contractor. The second Contractor will receive prior period capitation from the date
of birth to the day before assignment and prospective capitation from the date of assignment forward. The second Contractor will be responsible for all covered services to the newborn from date of birth.  
   Enrollment Guarantees  : Upon initial capitated enrollment as a Title XIX-eligible member, the member is guaranteed a minimum of five full months
of continuous enrollment. Upon initial capitated enrollment as a Title XXI-eligible member, the member is guaranteed a minimum of 12 full months of continuous enrollment. The enrollment guarantee is a one-time benefit. If a member changes from one
Contractor to another within the enrollment guarantee period, the remainder of the guarantee period applies to the new Contractor. AHCCCS rules at 9 A.A.C 22 Article 17, and 9 A.A.C. 31 Article 3, describe other reasons for which the enrollment
guarantee may not apply.      American Indians  : If a choice is not made prior to AHCCCS being notified of their eligibility, American Indian
Title XIX members living on-reservation will be assigned to the AHCCCS American Indian Health Program (AIHP) as FFS members. American Indian Title XIX members living off-reservation who do not make a Contractor choice will be assigned to an
available Contractor using the AHCCCS protocol for family continuity and the auto-assignment algorithm. The designation of a zip code as a  reservation zip code , not the physical location of the residence, is the factor that determines
whether a member is considered on or off-reservation for these purposes. Further, if the member resides in a zip code that contains land on both sides of a reservation boundary and the zip code is assigned as off-reservation; the physical location
of the residence does not change the off-reservation designation for the member. American Indian members can change enrollment between American Indian Health Program (AIHP) or a Contractor at any time. However, a member can change from one
Contractor to another only once a year. American Indian members, title XIX and XXI, on- or off-reservation, eligible to receive services, may choose to receive services at any time from an American Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health
Service (IHS) Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638 Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) [ARRA Section 5006(d), and SMD letter 10-001]. ii  The Contractor shall not impose enrollment fees,
premiums, or similar charges on American Indians served by an American Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health Service (IHS) Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638 Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) (ARRA Section 5006(d), SMD letter
10-001). iii       

4.  
  ANNUAL AND OPEN ENROLLMENT CHOICE       AHCCCS conducts an Annual Enrollment Choice (AEC) for members in
Geographic Service Areas (GSAs) with multiple Contractors on their annual anniversary date [42 CFR 438.56(c)(2)(ii)]. During AEC, members may change Contractors subject to the availability of other Contractors within their GSA. AHCCCS provides
enrollment and other information required by Medicaid Managed Care Regulations 60 days prior to the member s AEC date. The member may choose a new Contractor by contacting AHCCCS to complete the enrollment process. If the member does not
participate in the AEC, no change of Contractor will be made (except for approved changes under ACOM Policy 401) during the new anniversary year. This holds true if a Contractor s contract is renewed and the member continues to live in a
Contractor s service area. The Contractor shall comply with ACOM Policy 402 ,  and the AMPM.    AHCCCS may hold an open enrollment in any GSA or
combination of GSAs as deemed necessary.      

6.  
  AUTO-ASSIGNMENT ALGORITHM       Members who do not exercise their right to choose and do not have family
continuity are assigned to a Contractor through an auto-assignment algorithm. The algorithm is a mathematical formula used to distribute members to the various Contractors in a manner that is predictable and consistent with AHCCCS goals.  

Assignment by the algorithm applies to the following members who do not exercise their right to choose a
Contractor within the prescribed time limits:      

1. 
 New members and members re-enrolling outside the 90-day re-enrollment window.        

2. 
 Members enrolled with a Contractor that is not available after the member moves to a new Geographic Service Area (GSA).        

3. 
 Infants born to a mother who is enrolled with the Maricopa County RBHA and diagnosed as Seriously Mentally Ill (SMI) and who has no family continuity with an AHCCCS Acute Care Contractor in Maricopa County.

4. 
 Members who were enrolled with the Maricopa County RBHA and diagnosed as SMI but who have been determined to no longer qualify as SMI and who do not have family continuity with an AHCCCS Acute Care Contractor in
Maricopa County.        

5. 
 Members who are disenrolled from the CRS Contractor and who do not have family continuity with an AHCCCS Acute Care Contractor.    
 Once auto-assigned, AHCCCS sends a Choice notice to the member, allowing the member 30 days to choose a different Contractor from the auto-assigned
Contractor.    AHCCCS may change the algorithm at any time during the term of the contract in response to Contractor-specific issues (e.g. imposition of an
enrollment cap) or in the best interest of the AHCCCS Program and/or the State.      Maximum Enrollment  : A Contractor in Maricopa or Pima County
will no longer be eligible for auto assignment of members once the Contractor s membership reaches 45% of the County s total enrollment. Member choices will not be impacted by the auto assignment algorithm freeze.  
 For further details on the AHCCCS Auto-Assignment Algorithm, refer to ACOM Policy 314.  

7.  
  AHCCCS MEMBER IDENTIFICATION CARDS       The Contractor is responsible for the production, distribution and
costs of AHCCCS member identification cards and the AHCCCS Notice of Privacy Practices in accordance with ACOM Policy 433. See also Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  

8.  
  ACCOMODATING AHCCCS MEMBERS       The Contractor shall ensure that members are provided covered services
without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability and will not use any policy or practice that has the effect of discriminating on the basis of race, color, or national origin, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, age or disability [42 CFR 438.3(d)] [45 CFR Part 92].      

a. 
 Examples of prohibited practices include, but are not limited to, the following:Denying or not providing a member any covered service or access to an available facility;    

b. 
 Providing to a member any medically necessary covered service which is different, or is provided in a different manner or at a different time from that provided to other members, other public or private patients or the
public at large, except where medically necessary;        

c. 
 Subjecting a member to segregation or separate treatment in any manner related to the receipt of any covered service; restricting a member in any way in his or her enjoyment of any advantage or privilege enjoyed by
others receiving any covered service; and        

d. 
 Assigning times or places for the provision of services on the basis of the race, color, creed, religion, age, gender, national origin, ancestry, marital status, sexual preference, income status, AHCCCS membership, or
physical or mental illnesses of the participants to be served.      The Contractor shall assure members the rights as delineated in 42 CFR
438.100.  

The Contractor must ensure members and individuals with disabilities are accommodated to actively participate
in the provision of services and have physical access to facilities, procedures and exams. For example, the Contractor must provide appropriate auxiliary aids and services to persons with impaired sensory, manual, or speaking skills. The Contractor
must provide accommodations to members and individuals with disabilities at no cost to afford such persons an equal opportunity to benefit from the covered services. [45 CFR 92.202   92.205]  
 If the Contractor knowingly executes a subcontract with a provider with the intent of allowing or permitting the subcontractor to implement barriers to care
(i.e. the terms of the subcontract act to discourage the full utilization of services by some members) the Contractor will be in default of its Contract.  
 If the Contractor identifies a problem involving discrimination or accommodations for individuals with disabilities by one of its providers, it shall promptly
intervene and require a corrective action plan from the provider. Failure to take prompt corrective measures may place the Contractor in default of its Contract.      

9.  
  TRANSITION ACTIVITIES         Member Transition  : The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and
the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors or Geographical Service Areas (GSAs), Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS), the Comprehensive Medical and Dental Program (CMDP), or to the Arizona Long Term Care System (ALTCS)
Contractor, and upon termination or expiration of a contract. The Contractor shall develop and implement policies and procedures which include but are not limited to:      

a. 
 Members with significant medical conditions such as, a high-risk pregnancy or pregnancy within the last trimester, the need for organ or tissue transplantation, chronic illness resulting in hospitalization or nursing
facility placement, etc.;        

b. 
 Members who are receiving ongoing services such as dialysis, home health, chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy, or who are hospitalized at the time of transition;    

c. 
 Members who have conditions requiring ongoing monitoring or screening such as elevated blood lead levels and members who were in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) after birth;    

d. 
 Members who frequently contact AHCCCS, State and local officials, the Governor s Office and/or the media;        

e. 
 Members who have received prior authorization for services such as scheduled surgeries, post-surgical follow-up visits, out-of-area specialty services, or nursing home admission;    

f. 
 Continuing prescriptions, Durable Medical Equipment (DME) and medically necessary transportation ordered for the transitioning member by the relinquishing Contractor; and    

g. 
 Medical records of the transitioning member (the cost, if any, of reproducing and forwarding medical records shall be the responsibility of the relinquishing AHCCCS Contractor).    
 The Contractor shall designate a person with appropriate training and experience to act as the Transition Coordinator. The individual appointed to this
position must be a health care professional or an individual who possesses the appropriate education and experience and is supported by a health care professional to effectively coordinate and oversee all transition issues, responsibilities, and
activities. This staff person shall interact closely with the transition staff of the receiving Contractor to ensure a safe, timely, and orderly transition. See ACOM Policy 402 for more information regarding the role and responsibilities of the
Transition Coordinator.    A new Contractor who receives members from another Contractor as a result of a contract award shall ensure a smooth transition
for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.  
 When relinquishing members, the Contractor is responsible for timely notification to the receiving Contractor regarding pertinent information related to any
special needs of transitioning members. When receiving a transitioning member with special needs, the Contractor is responsible for coordinating care with the  

relinquishing Contractor in order that services are not interrupted, and for providing the new member with Contractor and service information, emergency numbers and instructions about how to
obtain services. See ACOM Policy 402 and AMPM Chapter 500.    For individuals determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI) who are transitioning from a
health plan to a RBHA, there shall be a 14 day transition period in order to ensure effective coordination of care. The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors as outlined above. The
Contractor is responsible for the provision of services outlined in this contract during the 14 day transition period.      Contract
Termination  : In the event that the contract or any portion thereof is terminated for any reason, or expires, the Contractor shall assist AHCCCS in the transition of its members to other Contractors. In addition, AHCCCS reserves the right to
extend the term of the contract on a month-to-month basis to assist in any transition of members. AHCCCS may discontinue enrollment of new members with the Contractor three months prior to the contract termination date. The Contractor shall make
provisions for continuing all management and administrative services until the transition of all members is completed and all other requirements of this contract are satisfied. The Contractor shall submit a detailed plan to AHCCCS for approval
regarding the transition of members in the event of contract expiration or termination. The name and title of the Contractor s transition coordinator shall be included in the transition plan. The Contractor shall be responsible for providing
all reports set forth in this contract and necessary for the transition process, and shall be responsible for the following [42 CFR 438.610(c)(3); 42 CFR 434.6(a)(6)]:      

a. 
 Notifying subcontractors and members;        

b. 
 Paying all outstanding obligations for medical care rendered to members until AHCCCS is satisfied that the Contractor has paid all such obligations. The Contractor shall provide a monthly claims aging report including
IBNR amounts (due the 15 th  day of the month, for the prior month);        

c. 
 Providing Quarterly and Audited Financial Statements up to the date specified by AHCCCS. The financial statement requirement will not be absolved without an official release from AHCCCS;    

d. 
 Continuing encounter reporting until all services rendered prior to contract termination have reached adjudicated status and data validation of the information has been completed, as communicated by a letter of release
from AHCCCS;        

e. 
 Cooperating with reinsurance audit activities on prior contract years until release has been granted by AHCCCS;        

f. 
 Cooperating with AHCCCS to complete and finalize any open reconciliations, until release has been granted by AHCCCS. AHCCCS will work to complete any pending reconciliations as timely as can be completed, allowing for
appropriate lag time for claims run-out and/or changes to be entered into the system;        

g. 
 Submitting quarterly Quality Management and Medical Management reports as required by Section D, Paragraphs 23, Quality Management, and 24, Medical Management, as appropriate to provide AHCCCS with information on
services rendered up to the date of contract termination. This will include Quality Of Care (QOC) concern reporting based on the date of service;        

h. 
 Participating in and closing out Performance Measures and Performance Improvement Projects as requested by AHCCCS;        

i. 
 Maintaining a Performance Bond in accordance with Section D, Paragraph 46, Performance Bond or Bond Substitute. A formal request to release the performance bond, as well as a balance sheet, must be submitted when
appropriate;        

j. 
 Indemnifying AHCCCS for any claim by any third party against the State or AHCCCS arising from the Contractor s performance of this contract and for which the Contractor would otherwise be liable under this
contract;        

k. 
 Returning to AHCCCS, any funds advanced to the Contractor for coverage of members for periods after the date of termination. Funds must be returned to AHCCCS within 30 days of termination of the contract;

l. 
 Providing a monthly accounting of Member Grievances and Claim Disputes and their disposition; and        

The above list is not exhaustive and additional information may be requested to ensure that all operational
and reporting requirements have been met. Any dispute by the Contractor, with respect to termination or suspension of this contract by AHCCCS, shall be exclusively governed by the provisions of Section E, Contract Terms and Conditions, Paragraph 19,
Disputes.      ADULT DUAL MEMBERS RECEIVING GENERAL MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE SERVICES    
 For the October 1, 2015 integration of general mental health and substance abuse services to an Acute Care Contractor for adult dual members, previously
approved prior authorizations shall be continued by the Acute Care Contractor for a period of 90 days unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.      

   The Contractor shall provide covered services to AHCCCS members in accordance with
all applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including those listed by reference in attachments and this contract. The services are described in detail in AHCCCS rules A.A.C. R9-22 Article 2, the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual
(AMPM) and the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual (ACOM) ,  all of which are incorporated herein by reference, and may be found on the AHCCCS website [42 CFR 400(a)(1)]. To be covered, services must be medically necessary and cost effective.
The covered services are briefly described below. Except for annual well woman exams, behavioral health and children s dental services, and consistent with the terms of the demonstration, covered services must be provided by or coordinated with
a primary care provider.    The Contractor must ensure the coordination of services it provides with services the member receives from other entities,
including behavioral health services the member receives through an ADHS/RBHA provider. The Contractor shall ensure that, in the process of coordinating care, each member s privacy is protected in accordance with the privacy requirements
including, but not limited to, 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and E, and Arizona statute, to the extent that they are applicable [42 CFR 438.208 (b)(2) and (b)(4) and 438.224].  
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an
emergency room of a hospital) with respect to any amount expended for which funds may not be used under the Assisted Suicide Funding Restriction Act of 1997. (1903(i) final sentence and 1903(i)(16) of the Social Security Act). iv     Services must be rendered by providers that are appropriately licensed or certified, operating within
their scope of practice, and registered as an AHCCCS provider. The Contractor shall provide the same standard of care for all members, regardless of the member s eligibility category. The Contractor shall ensure that the services are sufficient
in amount, duration and scope to reasonably be expected to achieve the purpose for which the services are furnished [42 CFR 434.6(a)(4)]. The Contractor shall not arbitrarily deny or reduce the amount, duration, or scope of a required service solely
because of diagnosis, type of illness, or condition of the member [42 CFR 438.210(a)(3)(ii)]. The Contractor may place appropriate limits on a service on the basis of criteria such as medical necessity; or for utilization control, provided the
services furnished can reasonably be expected to achieve their purpose [42 CFR 438.210(a)(3); 42 CFR 438.210(a)(4)].     Moral or Religious Objections
    The Contractor must notify AHCCCS if, on the basis of moral or religious grounds, it elects to not provide or reimburse for a covered service. The
Contractor may propose a solution to allow members  access to the services. AHCCCS does not intend to offer the services on a Fee-For-Service basis to the Contractor s enrollees. If AHCCCS does not approve the Contractor s proposed
solution, AHCCCS will disenroll members who are seeking these services from the Contractor and assign them to another Contractor [42 CFR 438.56]. That proposal must:      

Be submitted to AHCCCS in writing prior to entering into a contract with AHCCCS or at least 60 days prior to the intended effective date of the change in the scope of services based on moral or religious grounds;

Place no financial or administrative burden on AHCCCS;        

Place no significant burden on members  access to the services;        

Be accepted by AHCCCS in writing; and        

Acknowledge an adjustment to capitation, depending on the nature of the proposed solution.      If AHCCCS approves
the Contractor s proposed solution for its members to access the services, the Contractor must notify members how to access these services when directed by AHCCCS. The notification and policy must be consistent with the provisions of 42 CFR
438.10, must be provided to newly assigned members within 12 days of enrollment, and must be provided to all current members at least 30 days prior to the effective date of the approved policy [42 CFR 438.102(a)(2)].  
  Authorization of Services     The Contractor shall have in
place and follow written policies and procedures for the processing of requests for initial and continuing authorizations of services. The Contractor shall have mechanisms in place to ensure consistent application of review criteria for
authorization decisions. Any decision to deny a service authorization request or to authorize a service in an amount, duration or scope that is less than requested, shall be made by a health care professional who has appropriate clinical expertise
in treating the member s condition or disease [42 CFR 438.210(b)].     Notice of Action   
 The Contractor shall notify the requesting provider and give the member written notice of any decision by the Contractor to deny, reduce, suspend or terminate
a service authorization request, or to authorize a service in an amount, duration, or scope that is less than requested [42 CFR 438.400(b)]. The notice shall meet the requirements of 42 CFR 438.404, AHCCCS rules and ACOM Policy 414. The notice to
the provider must also be in writing as specified in Attachment F1, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards of this contract [42 CFR 438.210(c)]. The Contractor must comply with all decision timelines outlined in ACOM Policy 414.  
 The Contractor shall ensure that its providers, acting within the lawful scope of their practice are not prohibited or otherwise restricted from advising or
advocating, on behalf of a member who is his or her patient, for [42 CFR 438.102]:      

a. 
 The member s health status, medical care or treatment options, including any alternative treatment that may be self-administered [42 CFR 438.100(b)(2)];    

b. 
 Any information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options;        

c. 
 The risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or non-treatment; and,        

d. 
 The member s right to participate in decisions regarding his or her behavioral health care, including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions [42 CFR
438.100(b)(2)(iv)].       Covered Services   
 Refer to the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM) for a comprehensive list of Covered Services.  
   Ambulatory Surgery  : The Contractor shall provide surgical services for either emergency or scheduled surgeries when provided in an ambulatory or
outpatient setting, such as a freestanding surgical center or a hospital-based outpatient surgical setting.      American Indian Health Program
(AIHP)  : The AHCCCS, Division of Fee-For-Service Management (DFSM) will reimburse claims for acute care services that are medically necessary, and are provided to Title XIX members enrolled with the Contractor by an IHS or 638 tribal
facility, eligible for 100% Federal  

reimbursement, when the member is eligible to receive services through an IHS or 638 tribal facility. Encounters for Title XIX services billed by an IHS or tribal facilities will not be accepted
by AHCCCS or considered in capitation rate development.    The Contractor is responsible for reimbursement to IHS or tribal facilities for services provided
to Title XXI American Indian members enrolled with the Contractor. Payment rates must be at least equal to the AHCCCS Fee-For-Service rates. The Contractor may choose to subcontract with an IHS or 638 tribal facility as part of its provider network
for the delivery of Title XXI covered services. Expenses incurred by the Contractor for Title XXI services billed by an IHS or 638 tribal facility shall be encountered and considered in capitation rate development.  
   Anti-hemophilic Agents and Related Services  : The Contractor shall provide services for the treatment of hemophilia and von Willebrand s
disease. See Section D, Paragraph 57, Reinsurance.      Audiology  : The Contractor shall provide medically necessary audiology services to
evaluate hearing loss for all members, on both an inpatient and outpatient basis. Hearing aids are covered only for members under the age of 21 receiving EPSDT services.  
   Behavioral Health  : The Contractor shall provide behavioral health services as described in Section D, Paragraph 12, Behavioral Health Services.
     Children s Rehabilitative Services  : The Children s Rehabilitative Services   (  CRS) program is administered by AHCCCS
utilizing a CRS Contractor for children with special health care needs who meet CRS eligibility criteria. The CRS Contractor provides various combinations of acute, behavioral health and specialty CRS services for these children. The Contractor
shall refer children to AHCCCS Division of Member Services (DMS) who are potentially eligible for services related to CRS-covered conditions, as specified in A.A.C. R9-22 Article 13, and A.R.S. Title 36. See ACOM Policy 426 for the processes used to
accept and process referrals to the CRS Program. In addition, the Contractor shall notify the member when a referral to CRS has been made. The Contractor is responsible for care of members until those members are determined eligible for CRS by
AHCCCS, Division of Member Services. In addition, the Contractor is responsible for CRS covered services for CRS-eligible members unless and until the Contractor has received confirmation from AHCCCS that the member has transitioned to the CRS
Contractor. For more detailed information regarding eligibility criteria, referral practices, and Contractor-CRS coordination issues, refer to the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM) and the AHCCCS Contractor s Operation Manual (ACOM) located
on the AHCCCS website.      Chiropractic Services  : The Contractor shall provide chiropractic services to members under age 21 when prescribed by
the member s PCP and approved by the Contractor in order to ameliorate the member s medical condition. For Qualified Medicare Beneficiaries, regardless of age, Medicare approved chiropractic services shall be covered subject to limitations
specified in 42 CFR 410.21.      Dialysis  : The Contractor shall provide medically necessary dialysis, supplies, diagnostic testing and
medication for all members when provided by Medicare-certified hospitals or Medicare-certified end stage renal disease (ESRD) providers. Services may be provided on an outpatient basis or on an inpatient basis if the hospital admission is not solely
to provide chronic dialysis services.      Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT)  : The Contractor shall provide
comprehensive health care services through primary prevention, early intervention, diagnosis and medically necessary treatment to correct or ameliorate defects and physical or mental illnesses discovered by the screenings for members under age 21.
The Contractor shall ensure that these members receive required health screenings, including developmental and behavioral health screenings, in compliance with the AHCCCS EPSDT Periodicity Schedule, and the AHCCCS Dental Periodicity Schedule
(Exhibit 430-1 and 430-1A in the AMPM), including appropriate oral health screening intended to identify oral pathology, including tooth decay and/or oral lesions, and the application of fluoride varnish conducted by a physician, physician s
assistant or nurse practitioner.  

The Contractor shall ensure the initiation and coordination of a referral as indicated on the EPSDT forms
received, to the T/RBHA system for members in need of behavioral health services. The Contractor shall have processes in place to follow up with the T/RBHA to monitor whether members have received these EPSDT services. The Contractor will ensure the
coordination of referrals and follow-up collaboration, as necessary, for members identified by the T/RBHA as needing acute care services.      Early
Detection Health Risk Assessment, Screening, Treatment and Primary Prevention  : The Contractor shall provide health care services through screening, diagnostic and medically necessary treatment for members 21 years of age and older. These
services include, but are not limited to, screening and treatment for hypertension; elevated cholesterol; colon cancer; sexually transmitted diseases; tuberculosis; HIV/AIDS; breast cancer, cervical cancer; and prostate cancer. Nutritional
assessment and treatment are covered when medically necessary to meet the needs of members who may have a chronic debilitating disease. Physical examinations, diagnostic work-ups and medically necessary immunizations are also covered as specified in
A.A.C. R9-22-205.      Emergency Services  : The Contractor shall provide emergency services per the following:  

a. 
 Emergency services facilities adequately staffed by qualified medical professionals to provide pre-hospital, emergency care on a 24-hour-a-day, seven-day-a-week basis, for an emergency medical condition as defined by
A.A.C. R9-22 Article 1. Emergency medical services are covered without prior authorization. The Contractor is encouraged to contract with emergency service facilities for the provision of emergency services. The Contractor shall be responsible for
educating members and providers regarding appropriate utilization of emergency room services including behavioral health emergencies. The Contractor shall monitor emergency service utilization (by both provider and member) and shall have guidelines
for implementing corrective action for inappropriate utilization. For utilization review, the test for appropriateness of the request for emergency services shall be whether a prudent layperson, similarly situated, would have requested such
services. For the purposes of this contract, a prudent layperson is a person who possesses an average knowledge of health and medicine.        

b. 
 All medical services necessary to rule out an emergency condition; and        

c. 
 Emergency transportation.      Per the Medicaid Managed Care regulations, 42 CFR 438.114, 422.113, 422.133 the
following conditions apply with respect to coverage and payment of emergency services:    The Contractor must cover and pay for emergency services
regardless of whether the provider that furnishes the service has a contract with the Contractor.    The Contractor may not deny payment for treatment
obtained under either of the following circumstances:      

a. 
 A member had an emergency medical condition, including cases in which the absence of medical attention would not have resulted in the outcomes identified in the definition of emergency medical condition under 42 CFR
438.114.        

b. 
 A representative of the Contractor (an employee or subcontracting provider) instructs the member to seek emergency medical services.    
 Additionally, the Contractor may not:      

a. 
 Limit what constitutes an emergency medical condition as defined in 42 CFR 438.114, on the basis of lists of diagnoses or symptoms.    

b. 
 Refuse to cover emergency services based on the failure of the emergency room provider, hospital, or fiscal agent to notify the Contractor of the member s screening and treatment within 10 calendar days of
presentation for emergency services. Claims submission by the hospital within 10 calendar days of the member s presentation for the emergency services constitutes notice to the Contractor. This notification stipulation is only related to the
provision of emergency services.        

c. 
 Require notification of Emergency Department treat and release visits as a condition of payment unless the plan has prior approval from AHCCCS.    
 A member who has an emergency medical condition may not be held liable for payment of subsequent screening and treatment needed to diagnose the specific
condition or stabilize the patient.    The attending emergency physician, or the provider actually treating the member, is responsible for determining when
the member is sufficiently stabilized for transfer or discharge, and such determination is binding on the Contractor responsible for coverage and payment. The Contractor shall comply with Medicaid Managed Care guidelines regarding the coordination
of poststabilization care.    For additional information and requirements regarding emergency services, refer to AHCCCS rules A.A.C. R9-22-201 et seq. and
42 CFR 438.114.      Family Planning  : The Contractor shall provide family planning services in accordance with the AMPM ,  and consistent
with the terms of the demonstration, for all members who choose to delay or prevent pregnancy. These include medical, surgical, pharmacological and laboratory services, as well as contraceptive devices. Information and counseling, which allow
members to make informed decisions regarding family planning methods, are also included. If the Contractor does not provide family planning services due to moral and religious objections, it must contract for these services through another health
care delivery system or have an approved alternative in place, or AHCCCS will disenroll members who are seeking these services from the Contractor and assign them to another Contractor.  
   Foot and Ankle Services  :  
  Children:  The Contractor shall provide foot and ankle services for members under the age of 21 to include bunionectomies, casting for
the purpose of constructing or accommodating orthotics, medically necessary orthopedic shoes that are an integral part of a brace, and medically necessary routine foot care for patients with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a
non-professional person.     Adults : The Contractor shall provide foot and ankle care services to include wound care, treatment of
pressure ulcers, fracture care, reconstructive surgeries, and limited bunionectomy services. Medically necessary routine foot care services are only available for members with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a non-professional
person as described in the AMPM.    Pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2907, podiatry services performed by a podiatrist licensed pursuant to A.R.S.
Title 32, Chapter 7 are covered for members when ordered by a primary care physician or primary care practitioner.      Home and Community Based
Services  : Assisted living facility, alternative residential setting, or Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) as defined in A.A.C. R9-22 Article 2, and A.A.C. R9-28 Article 2 that meet the provider standards described in A.A.C. R9-28
Article 5, and subject to the limitations set forth in the AMPM .  These services are covered in lieu of a nursing facility.      Home
Health  : This service shall be provided under the direction of a physician to prevent hospitalization or institutionalization and may include nursing, therapies, supplies and home health aide services. It shall be provided on a part-time or
intermittent basis.  

Hospice  : These services are covered for members who are certified by a physician as being
terminally ill and having six months or less to live. See the AMPM for details on covered hospice services.      Hospital  : Inpatient services
include semi-private accommodations for routine care, intensive and coronary care, surgical care, obstetrics and newborn nurseries, and behavioral health emergency/crisis services. If the member s medical condition requires isolation, private
inpatient accommodations are covered. Nursing services, dietary services and ancillary services such as laboratory, radiology, pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, blood and blood derivatives, etc. are also covered. Outpatient hospital services
include any of the above services which may be appropriately provided on an outpatient or ambulatory basis (i.e., laboratory, radiology, therapies, ambulatory surgery, etc.). Observation services may be provided on an outpatient basis, if determined
reasonable and necessary to decide whether the member should be admitted for inpatient care. Observation services include the use of a bed and periodic monitoring by hospital nursing staff and/or other staff to evaluate, stabilize or treat medical
conditions of a significant degree of instability and/or disability. Refer to the AMPM for limitations on hospital stays.      Immunizations  :
The Contractor shall provide medically necessary immunizations for adults 21 years of age and older. Refer to the AMPM for current immunization requirements. The Contractor is required to meet specific immunization rates for members under the age of
21, which are described in Section D, Paragraph 23, Quality Management and Performance Improvement.      Incontinence Briefs  : In general,
incontinence briefs (diapers) are not covered for members unless medically necessary to treat a medical condition. However, for AHCCCS members over three years of age and under 21 years of age incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence
pads, are also covered to prevent skin breakdown and to enable participation in social community, therapeutic, and educational activities under limited circumstances. In addition, effective December 15, 2014 for members in the ALTCS Program who
are 21 years of age and older, incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence pads are also covered in order to prevent skin breakdown as outlined in AMPM Policy 310-P. See A.A.C. R9-22-212 and AMPM Chapters 300 and 400.  
   Laboratory  : Laboratory services for diagnostic, screening and monitoring purposes are covered when ordered by the member s PCP, other
attending physician or dentist, and provided by a free-standing laboratory or hospital laboratory, clinic, physician office or other health care facility laboratory with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) licensure or a Certificate of
Waiver.    Upon written request, the Contractor may obtain laboratory test data on members from a laboratory or hospital-based laboratory subject to the
requirements specified in A.R.S.  36-2903(Q) and (R). The data shall be used exclusively for quality improvement activities and health care outcome studies required and/or approved by AHCCCS.  
   Maternity  : The Contractor shall provide pregnancy identification, prenatal care, treatment of pregnancy related conditions, labor and delivery
services, and postpartum care for members. Services may be provided by physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, certified nurse midwives, or licensed midwives. Members may select or be assigned to a PCP specializing in obstetrics while
they are pregnant. Members anticipated to have a low-risk delivery, may elect to receive labor and delivery services in their home from their maternity provider, if this setting is included in the allowable settings for the Contractor, and the
Contractor has providers in its network that offer home labor and delivery services. Members anticipated to have a low-risk prenatal course and delivery may elect to receive maternity services of prenatal care, labor and delivery and postpartum care
provided by certified nurse midwives or licensed midwives, if they are in the Contractor s provider network. Members receiving maternity services from a certified nurse midwife or a licensed midwife must also be assigned to a PCP for other
health care and medical services. A certified nurse midwife may provide those primary care services that they are willing to provide and that the member elects to receive from the certified nurse midwife. Members receiving care from a certified
nurse midwife may also elect to receive some or all her primary care from the assigned PCP. Licensed midwives may not provide any  

additional medical services as primary care is not within their scope of practice. Members who transition to a new Contractor or become enrolled during their third trimester must be allowed to
complete maternity care with their current AHCCCS registered provider, regardless of contractual status, to ensure continuity of care.    The Contractor
shall allow women and their newborns to receive up to 48 hours of inpatient hospital care after a routine vaginal delivery and up to 96 hours of inpatient care after a cesarean delivery. The attending health care provider, in consultation with the
mother, may discharge the mother or newborn prior to the minimum length of stay. A normal newborn may be granted an extended stay in the hospital of birth when the mother s continued stay in the hospital is beyond the 48 or 96 hour stay.  
 The Contractor shall inform all assigned AHCCCS pregnant women of voluntary prenatal HIV/AIDS testing and the availability of medical counseling, if the test
is positive. The Contractor shall provide information in the Member Handbook and annually in the member newsletter, to encourage pregnant women to be tested and instructions about where to be tested. Semi-annually, the Contractor shall report to
AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management (DHCM) the number of pregnant women who have been identified as HIV/AIDS-positive for each quarter during the contract year. This report is due as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of
Deliverables.      Medical Foods  : Medical foods are covered within limitations defined in the AMPM for members diagnosed with a metabolic
condition included under the ADHS Newborn Screening Program and as specified in the AMPM. The medical foods, including metabolic formula and modified low protein foods, must be prescribed or ordered under the supervision of a physician.  
   Medical Supplies, Durable Medical Equipment (DME), and Prosthetic Devices  : These services are covered when prescribed by the member s PCP,
attending physician or practitioner, or by a dentist as described in the AMPM. Prosthetic devices must be medically necessary and meet criteria as described in the AMPM. For persons age 21 or older, AHCCCS will not pay for microprocessor controlled
lower limbs and microprocessor controlled joints for lower limbs. Medical equipment may be rented or purchased only if other sources are not available which provide the items at no cost. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase
price of the item. Reasonable repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit.  
   Nursing Facility  : The Contractor shall provide services in nursing facilities, including religious non-medical health care institutions, for
members who require short-term convalescent care not to exceed 90 days per contract year. In lieu of a nursing facility, the member may be placed in an assisted living facility, an alternative residential setting, or receive Home and Community Based
Services (HCBS) as defined in A.A.C. R9-22 Article 2 and A.A.C. R9-28 Article 2 that meet the provider standards described in A.A.C. R9-28 Article 5, and subject to the limitations set forth in the AMPM .    
 Nursing facility services must be provided in a dually-certified Medicare/Medicaid nursing facility, which includes in the per-diem rate: nursing services;
basic patient care equipment and sickroom supplies; dietary services; administrative physician visits; non-customized DME; necessary maintenance and rehabilitation therapies; over-the-counter medications; social, recreational and spiritual
activities; and administrative, operational medical direction services. See Section D, Paragraph 41, Responsibility for Nursing Facility Reimbursement, for further details.  
 The Contractor shall notify the Assistant Director of the Division of Member Services, by Email, when a member has been residing in a nursing facility,
alternative residential facility or receiving home and community based services for 45 days. This will allow AHCCCS time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS application and to consider potential Fee-For-Service coverage, if the stay goes beyond
the 90 day per contract year maximum. The notice should be sent via e-mail to HealthPlan45DayNotice@azahcccs.gov.  

Notifications must include:      

a. 
 Member Name        

b. 
 AHCCCS ID        

c. 
 Date of Birth        

d. 
 Name of Facility        

e. 
 Admission Date to the Facility        

f. 
 Date the member will reach the 90 days        

g. 
 Name of Contractor of enrollment        Nutrition  : Nutritional assessments are conducted as a part of
the EPSDT screenings for members under age 21, and to assist members 21 years of age and older whose health status may improve with over- and under-nutritional intervention. Assessment of nutritional status on a periodic basis may be provided as
determined necessary, and as a part of the health risk assessment and screening services provided by the member s PCP. Assessments may also be provided by a registered dietitian when ordered by the member s PCP. AHCCCS covers nutritional
therapy on an enteral, parenteral or oral basis, when determined medically necessary, according to the criteria specified in the AMPM, to provide either complete daily dietary requirements or to supplement a member s daily nutritional and
caloric intake.      Oral Health  : The Contractor shall provide all members under the age of 21 years with all medically necessary dental
services including emergency dental services, dental screening, preventive services, therapeutic services and dental appliances in accordance with the AHCCCS Dental Periodicity Schedule. The Contractor shall monitor compliance with the AHCCCS Dental
Periodicity Schedule for dental screening services. The Contractor must develop processes to assign members to a dental home by one year of age and communicate that assignment to the member. The Contractor must regularly notify the oral health
professional which members have been assigned to the provider s dental home for routine preventative care as outlined in AMPM Chapter 400. The Contractor is required to meet specific utilization rates for members as described in Section D,
Paragraph 23, Quality Management and Performance Improvement. The Contractor shall ensure that members are notified in writing when dental screenings are due, if the member has not been scheduled for a visit. If a dental screening is not received by
the member, a second written notice must be sent. Members under the age of 21 may request dental services without referral and may choose a dental provider from the Contractor s provider network.  
 Pursuant to A.A.C. R9-22-207, for members who are 21 years of age and older, the Contractor shall cover medical and surgical services furnished by a dentist
only to the extent such services may be performed under State law either by a physician or by a dentist. These services would be considered physician services if furnished by a physician. Limited dental services are covered for pre-transplant
candidates and for members with cancer of the jaw, neck or head. See AMPM for specific details.      Orthotics  : Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS
members under the age of 21 as outlined in AMPM Policy 430. Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS members 21 years of age and older if all of the following apply:      

1. 
 The use of the orthotic is medically necessary as the preferred treatment option and consistent with Medicare guidelines;        

2. 
 The orthotic is less expensive than all other treatment options or surgical procedures to treat the same diagnosed condition; and        

3. 
 The orthotic is ordered by a physician or primary care practitioner.      Medical equipment may be rented or
purchased only if other sources, which provide the items at no cost, are not available. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase price of the item. Reasonable repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered for all members
over and under the age of 21 to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit. The component will be replaced if at the time authorization is sought documentation is provided to establish
that the component is not operating effectively.  

Physician  : The Contractor shall provide physician services to include medical assessment,
treatments and surgical services provided by licensed allopathic or osteopathic physicians.      Poststabilization Care Services  : Pursuant to
A.A.C. R9-22-210 and 42 CFR 438.114, 422.113(c) and 422.133, the following conditions apply with respect to coverage and payment of emergency and of poststabilization care services, except where otherwise noted in the contract:  
 The Contractor must cover and pay for poststabilization care services without authorization, regardless of whether the provider that furnishes the service has
a contract with the Contractor, for the following situations:      

a. 
 Poststabilization care services that were pre-approved by the Contractor;        

b. 
 Poststabilization care services were not pre-approved by the Contractor because the Contractor did not respond to the treating provider s request for pre-approval within one hour after being requested to approve
such care or could not be contacted for pre-approval;        

c. 
 The Contractor representative and the treating physician cannot reach agreement concerning the member s care and a Contractor physician is not available for consultation. In this situation, the Contractor must give
the treating physician the opportunity to consult with a Contractor physician and the treating physician may continue with care of the patient until a Contractor physician is reached or one of the criteria in 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3) is met.
     Pursuant to 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3), the Contractor s financial responsibility for poststabilization care services that have not been
pre-approved ends when:      

a. 
 A Contractor physician with privileges at the treating hospital assumes responsibility for the member s care;        

b. 
 A Contractor physician assumes responsibility for the member s care through transfer;        

c. 
 A Contractor representative and the treating physician reach an agreement concerning the member s care; or        

d. 
 The member is discharged.        Pregnancy Terminations  : AHCCCS covers pregnancy termination if the
pregnant member suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the member in
danger of death unless the pregnancy is terminated, or the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest.    The attending physician must acknowledge that a
pregnancy termination has been determined medically necessary by submitting the Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination. This certificate must be submitted to the Contractor s Medical Director and meet the requirements specified in
the AMPM. The Certificate must certify that, in the physician s professional judgment, the criteria have been met.      Prescription
Medications  : Medications ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist are covered subject to limitations related to prescription supply amounts,
Contractor formularies and prior authorization requirements. An appropriate over-the-counter medication may be prescribed as defined in the AMPM when it is determined to be a lower-cost alternative to a prescription medication. The Contractor shall
comply with AMPM Policy 310-V.     Pharmaceutical Rebates : The Contractor, including the Contractor s Pharmacy Benefit Manager
(PBM), is prohibited from negotiating any rebates with drug manufacturers for preferred or other pharmaceutical products when AHCCCS has a supplemental rebate contract for the product(s). A listing of products covered under supplemental rebate
agreements will be available on the AHCCCS website under the Pharmacy Information section.  

If the Contractor or its PBM has an existing rebate agreement with a manufacturer, all outpatient drug claims, including provider-administered
drugs for which AHCCCS is obtaining supplemental rebates, must be exempt from such rebate agreements. For pharmacy related encounter data information Section D, Paragraph 65, Encounter Data Reporting.  
  Medicare Part D : The Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) created a prescription drug benefit called Medicare Part D for individuals
who are eligible for Medicare Part A and/or enrolled in Medicare Part B. AHCCCS does not cover prescription drugs that are covered under Part D for dual eligible members. AHCCCS will not cover prescription drugs for this population whether or not
they are enrolled in Medicare Part D. AHCCCS covers federally reimbursable drugs ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed by or under the direction of a licensed pharmacist, in accordance with
Arizona State Board of Pharmacy Rules and Regulations, subject to limitations related to prescription supply amounts, and the Contractor s prior authorization requirements if they are excluded from Medicare Part D coverage. Medications that are
covered by Part D, but are not on a specific Part D Health Plan s formulary are not considered excluded drugs and are not covered by AHCCCS. This applies to members who are enrolled in Medicare Part D or are eligible for Medicare Part D. See
AMPM Chapter 300, Section 310-V.     340B Drug Pricing Program:  All federally reimbursable drugs identified in the 340B Drug
Pricing Program are required to be billed at the lesser of: 1) the actual acquisition cost of the drug or 2) the 340B ceiling price. The Contractor shall ensure that these drugs be reimbursed at the lesser of the two amounts above plus a
professional (dispensing) fee. See Laws 2016, Second Regular Session, Chapter 122, A.R.S.  36-2930.03, and A.A.C. R9-22-710 (C) for further details. The 340B drug pricing program includes:  

Eligible Organizations and Covered
Entities   
    
    Effective Date    

Drugs dispensed by FQHC/RHC and FQHC Look-Alike 340B pharmacies 
    
 Already implemented  

Drugs dispensed by other 340B covered entities 
    
 Effective the later of January 1, 2017 or upon CMS approval  

Drugs administered by 340B entity providers (including drugs administered by physicians) 
    
 To Be Determined during CYE 17  

Drugs dispensed by licensed hospitals and outpatient facilities that are owned or operated by a licensed hospital 
    
 Excluded from 340B reimbursement mandate at this time  

Drugs administered by providers in licensed hospital and outpatient facilities that are owned or operated by a licensed hospital. 
    
 Excluded from 340B reimbursement mandate at this time  
   The Contractor is required to comply with any changes to reimbursement methodology for 340B entities.  
   Primary Care Provider  : Primary Care Provider (PCP) services are covered when provided by a physician, physician assistant or nurse practitioner
selected by, or assigned to, the member. The PCP provides primary health care and serves as a coordinator in referring the member for specialty medical services [42 CFR 438.208(b)]. The PCP is responsible for maintaining the member s primary
medical record, which contains documentation of all health risk assessments and health care services of which they are aware whether or not they were provided by the PCP.  

Radiology and Medical Imaging  : These services are covered when ordered by the member s PCP, attending physician or dentist and are provided
for diagnosis, prevention, treatment or assessment of a medical condition.      Rehabilitation Therapy  : The Contractor shall provide
occupational, physical and speech therapies. Therapies must be prescribed by the member s PCP or attending physician for an acute condition and the member must have the potential for improvement due to the rehabilitation.  
 Occupational and Speech therapy is covered for all members receiving inpatient hospital (or nursing facility services). Occupational Therapy and Speech
therapy services provided on an outpatient basis are only covered for members under the age of 21. Physical Therapy is covered for all members in both inpatient and outpatient settings. Outpatient physical therapy for members 21 years of age or
older are subject to visit limits per contract year as described in the AMPM.      Respiratory Therapy  : Respiratory therapy is covered when
prescribed by the member s PCP or attending physician, and is necessary to restore, maintain or improve respiratory functioning.  
   Transplantation of Organs and Tissue, and Related Immunosuppressant Drugs  : These services are covered within limitations defined in the AMPM for
members diagnosed with specified medical conditions. Services include: pre-transplant inpatient or outpatient evaluation; donor search; organ/tissue harvesting or procurement; preparation and transplantation services; and convalescent care. In
addition, if a member receives a transplant covered by a source other than AHCCCS, medically necessary non-experimental services are provided, within limitations, after the discharge from the acute care hospitalization for the transplantation.
AHCCCS maintains specialty contracts with transplantation facility providers for the Contractor s use or the Contractor may select its own transplantation provider. Refer to Section D, Paragraph 57, Reinsurance.  
   Transportation  : These services include emergency and non-emergency medically necessary transportation. Emergency transportation, including
transportation initiated by an emergency response system such as 911, may be provided by ground, air or water ambulance to manage an AHCCCS member s emergency medical condition at an emergency scene and transport the member to the nearest
appropriate medical facility. Non-emergency transportation shall be provided for members who are unable to provide or secure their own transportation for medically necessary services using the appropriate mode based on the needs of the member. The
Contractor shall ensure that members have coordinated, reliable, medically necessary transportation to ensure members arrive on-time for regularly scheduled appointments and are picked up upon completion of the entire scheduled treatment.  
   Treat and Refer  : Interaction with an individual who has accessed 911 or a similar public emergency dispatch number, but whose illness or injury
does not require ambulance transport to an emergency department based on the clinical information available at that time. The interaction must include: (1) documentation of an appropriate clinical and/or social evaluation, (2) a
treatment/referral plan for accessing social, behavioral, and/or healthcare services that address the patient s immediate needs, and (3) evidence of efforts to follow-up with the patient to ascertain adherence with the treatment plan, and
(4) documentation of efforts to assess customer satisfaction with the treat and refer visit. Treat and Refer standing orders shall be consistent with medical necessity and consider patient preference when the clinical condition allows.  
   Triage/Screening and Evaluation  : These are covered services when provided by an acute care hospital, an IHS or 638 tribal facility and
after-hours settings to determine whether or not an emergency exists, assess the severity of the member s medical condition and determine services necessary to alleviate or stabilize the emergent condition. Triage/screening services must be
reasonable, cost effective and meet the criteria for severity of illness and intensity of service.      Vision Services/Ophthalmology/Optometry  :
The Contractor shall provide all medically necessary emergency eye care, vision examinations, prescriptive lenses, frames, and treatments for conditions of the eye for all members under the age of 21. For members who are 21 years of age and older,
the Contractor shall provide  

emergency care for eye conditions which meet the definition of an emergency medical condition. Vision examinations and the provision of prescriptive lenses are covered for adults when medically
necessary following cataract removal. Medically necessary vision examinations and prescriptive lenses and frames are covered if required following cataract removal. Refer to AMPM Chapter 300.  
 Members shall have full freedom to choose, within the Contractor s network, a practitioner in the field of eye care, acting within the scope of their
practice, to provide the examination, care or treatment for which the member is eligible. A  practitioner in the field of eye care  is defined to be either an ophthalmologist or an optometrist.  
   Well Exams  : Well visits, such as, but not limited to, well woman exams, breast exams, and prostate exams are covered for members 21 years of age
and older. For members under 21 years of age, AHCCCS continues to cover medically necessary services under the EPSDT Program.      ADULT DUAL MEMBERS
RECEIVING GENERAL MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE SERVICES        Support Services (State Only)  : Support services including, but not
limited to, prevention education, ongoing support to maintain employment, and supported housing, are provided by the Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (RBHAs) as outlined in the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, to facilitate the
delivery of or enhance the benefit received from other behavioral health services. The Contractor shall assist members with how to access support services and shall coordinate care for the member as appropriate.  

11.  
  SPECIAL HEALTH CARE NEEDS       AHCCCS has specified in its  Quality Assessment and Performance Improvement
Strategy  certain populations with special health care needs as defined by the State [42 CFR 438.208(c)(1)]. v   
 Members with special health care needs are those members who have serious and chronic physical, developmental, or behavioral conditions requiring medically
necessary health and related services of a type or amount beyond that required by members generally. A member will be considered as having special health care needs if the medical condition simultaneously meets the following criteria: vi       

a. 
 Lasts or is expected to last one year or longer, and        

b. 
 Requires ongoing care not generally provided by a primary care provider.      AHCCCS has determined that the
following populations meet this definition: vii       

a. 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) program        

b. 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the contracted Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (RBHAs), and        

c. 
 Members diagnosed with HIV/AIDS        

d. 
 Arizona Long Term Care System:        

Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who are elderly and/or have a physically disability, and        

Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who have a developmental disability.      AHCCCS monitors quality and
appropriateness of care/services for routine and special health care needs members through annual Operational and Financial Reviews of Contractors and the review of required Contractor deliverables set forth in contract, program specific performance
measures, and performance improvement projects. viii   

The Contractor shall have in place a mechanism to identify all members with special health care needs [42 CFR
438.240(b)(4)]. The Contractor shall implement mechanisms to assess each member identified as having special health care needs, in order to identify any ongoing special conditions of the member which require a course of treatment, regular care
monitoring, or transition to another AHCCCS program. The assessment mechanisms shall use appropriate health care professionals [42 CFR 438.208(c)(2)]. The Contractor shall share with other entities providing services to the member the results of its
identification and assessment of that member s needs so that those activities need not be duplicated [42 CFR 438.208(b)(3)].    For members with
special health care needs determined to need a specialized course of treatment or regular care monitoring, the Contractor must have procedures in place to allow members to directly access a specialist (for example through a standing referral or an
approved number of visits) as appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs [42 CFR 438.208(c)(4)]. For members transitioning, see Section D, Paragraph 9, Transition Activities.  
 The Contractor shall have a methodology to identify providers willing to provide medical home services and make reasonable efforts to offer access to these
providers.    The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) describes care from a medical home as:  

Accessible        

Continuous        

Coordinated        

Family-centered        

Comprehensive        

Compassionate        

Culturally effective      The Contractor shall ensure that populations with ongoing medical needs, including but
not limited to dialysis, radiation and chemotherapy, have coordinated, reliable, medically necessary transportation to ensure members arrive on-time for regularly scheduled appointments and are picked up upon completion of the entire scheduled
treatment. See Section D, Paragraph 33, Appointment Standards.      

12.  
  BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES       With the exception of adult dual members receiving general mental health and
substance abuse services as referenced below, AHCCCS members enrolled with an Acute Care Contractor receive behavioral health services through a Regional Behavioral Health Authority (RBHA) or for American Indians, through a Tribal/Regional
Behavioral Health Authority (T/RBHA) or IHS or 638 tribal facility. Behavioral health services include but are not limited to screening, treatment and assistance in coordinating care between the acute and behavioral health providers.  
 For all enrolled members, the Contractor is responsible for the following:  
   SMI Eligibility  : For TXIX eligible adults enrolled with the Contractor who are later determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI), the
member shall be transitioned to a RBHA as outlined in Paragraph 3, Enrollment and Disenrollment. The RBHA will provide the full continuum of care including all physical and behavioral health care as well as supportive services, such as peer and
family support, patient education, engagement and follow up.      Member Education  : The Contractor shall be responsible for including
information in the Member Handbook and other materials to inform members how to access covered behavioral health services. Materials shall include, but not be limited to, information about behavioral health conditions that may be treated by a
Primary Care Provider (PCP) which includes anxiety, depression and ADHD. Refer to the AMPM Chapter 300 for covered behavioral health services.  

Referrals  : Members may self refer to the T/RBHA system for screening, evaluation or
treatment or be referred by schools, State agencies, providers, or other parties.      EPSDT  : As specified in Section D, Paragraph 10, Scope of
Services, EPSDT, the Contractor must provide behavioral health screenings for members under 21 years of age in compliance with the AHCCCS EPSDT Periodicity Schedule. The Contractor shall ensure the initiation and coordination of behavioral health
referrals when determined necessary.      Emergency Services  : When members present in an emergency room setting, the Contractor is responsible
for payment of all emergency room services and transportation for all members regardless of the principal diagnosis on the emergency room and/or transportation claim. In addition to those emergency services listed above, the Contractor is
responsible for payment of the associated professional services when the principal diagnosis on the claim is physical health, as delineated in ACOM Policy 432.  
   Coordination of Care  : For members assigned to a T/RBHA, the Contractor shall meet with the T/RBHAs to improve and address coordination of care
issues. The Contractor shall ensure that information and training is available to PCPs regarding behavioral health coordination of care processes. The Contractor shall establish policies and procedures for coordination of care and shall describe
them in its provider manual. Policies for referral must include, at a minimum, criteria, processes, responsible parties and minimum requirements no less stringent than those specified in this contract for the forwarding of member medical
information.    The Contractor shall ensure that its quality management program incorporates monitoring of the PCP s management of behavioral health
disorders, coordination of care with, and transfer of care to T/RBHA providers as required under this contract.      Medical Records  : The
Contractor is responsible for ensuring that a medical record is established by the PCP when behavioral health information is received from the T/RBHA or the behavioral health provider about a member assigned to the PCP even if the PCP has not yet
seen the assigned member. In lieu of establishing a medical record, the information may be kept in an appropriately labeled file but must be associated with the member s medical record as soon as one is established.  
     Sharing of Data    : On a recurring basis (no less than quarterly based on adjudication date), AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor an
electronic file of claims and encounter data for members enrolled with the Contractor who have received services, during the member s enrollment period, from another contractor or through AHCCCS FFS for purposes of member care coordination.
Data sharing will comply with Federal privacy regulations.         Sharing of Records  : The Contractor shall, within 10 business days of
receiving the request, require the PCP to coordinate care and respond to T/RBHA and/or behavioral health provider information requests pertaining to members receiving services through the behavioral health system. The response should include, but is
not limited to, current diagnoses, medications, laboratory results, most recent PCP visit, and information about recent hospital and emergency room visits. The Contractor will ensure coordination of referrals and follow-up collaboration, as
necessary, for members identified by the behavioral health provider as needing acute care services. For guidance in addressing the needs of members with multi system involvement and complex behavioral health and co-occurring conditions, refer to
AMPM Policy 570, Community Collaborative Care Teams.      Arizona State Hospital  : For enrolled members who are inpatient at the Arizona State
Hospital (AzSH), the Contractor is required to follow ACOM Policy 432 and AMPM Policy 1020 regarding medical care coordination for these members.  

Home Health Services  : In the event that a member s mental health status renders them
incapable or unwilling to manage their medical condition and the member has a skilled medical need, the Contractor must arrange ongoing medically necessary nursing services. The Contractor shall also have a mechanism in place for tracking members
for whom ongoing medically necessary services are required. This service shall be provided under the direction of a physician to prevent hospitalization or institutionalization and may include nursing, therapies, supplies and home health aide
services. It shall be provided on a part-time or intermittent basis. The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a
hospital) for home health care services provided by an agency or organization, unless AHCCCS Provider Registration verifies compliance with the surety bond requirements specified in Sections 1861(o)(7) and 1903(i)(18) of the Social Security Act. ix       Medication Management Services  : The Contractor shall allow PCPs to treat members
diagnosed with anxiety, depression and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). For purposes of medication management, it is not required that the PCP be the member s assigned PCP. PCPs who treat members with these behavioral health
conditions may provide medication management services including prescriptions, laboratory and other diagnostic tests necessary for diagnosis, and treatment. The Contractor shall make available, on the Contractor s formulary, medications for the
treatment of these disorders. The Contractor is responsible for these services both in the prospective and prior period coverage timeframes.      Tool
Kits  : Clinical tool kits for the treatment of anxiety, depression, and ADHD are available in the AMPM. Refer to AMPM Appendix E, Childhood and Adolescent Behavioral Health Tool Kits and Appendix F Behavioral Health Tool Kits. These tool kits
are a resource only and may not apply to all patients and all clinical situations. The tool kits are not intended to replace clinical judgment. The Contractor shall ensure that PCPs who have an interest or are actively treating members with these
disorders are aware of these resources and/or are utilizing other recognized, clinical tools/evidence-based guidelines. The Contractor shall develop a monitoring process to ensure that PCPs utilize evidence-based guidelines/recognized clinical tools
when prescribing medications to treat depression, anxiety, and ADHD.      Step Therapy  : The Contractor may implement step therapy for behavioral
health medications used for treating anxiety, depression and ADHD disorders. The Contractor shall provide education and training for providers regarding the concept of step therapy. If the T/RBHA/behavioral health provider provides documentation to
the Contractor that step therapy has already been completed for the conditions of anxiety, depression or ADHD, or that step therapy is medically contraindicated, the Contractor shall continue to provide the medication at the dosage at which the
member has been stabilized by the behavioral health provider. In the event the PCP identifies a change in the member s condition, the PCP may utilize step therapy until the member is stabilized for the condition of anxiety, depression or ADHD.
The Contractor shall monitor PCPs to ensure that they prescribe medication at the dosage at which the member has been stabilized.      Access to
Services  : For member assigned to a T/RBHA, the Contractor is responsible for providing transportation to a member s first T/RBHA evaluation appointment if the member is unable to provide their own transportation. The Contractor shall be
responsible for meeting the appointment standards found in Section D, Paragraph 33, Appointment Standards.      Transfer of Care  : When a PCP has
initiated medication management services for a member to treat a behavioral health disorder, and it is subsequently determined by the PCP that the member should be transferred to a T/RBHA/ behavioral health provider for evaluation and/or continued
medication management services, the Contractor shall require and ensure that the PCP coordinates the transfer of care. All affected subcontracts shall include this provision.  
 For members assigned to a T/RBHA, the Contractor shall establish policies and procedures for the transition of members to the T/RBHA for ongoing treatment.
The Contractor shall ensure that PCPs maintain continuity of care for these members.  

The policies and procedures must address, at a minimum, the following:  

1. 
 Guidelines for when a transition of the member to the T/RBHA for ongoing treatment is indicated;        

2. 
 Protocols for notifying the T/RBHA of the member s transfer, including reason for transfer, diagnostic information, and medication history;    

3. 
 Protocols and guidelines for the transfer or sharing of medical records information and protocols for responding to T/RBHA requests for additional medical record information;    

4. 
 Protocols for transition of prescription services, including but not limited to notification to the T/RBHA of the member s current medications and timeframes for dispensing and refilling medications during the
transition period. This coordination must ensure at a minimum, that the member does not run out of prescribed medications prior to the first appointment with a T/RBHA prescriber and that all relevant member medical information including the reason
for transfer is forwarded to the receiving T/RBHA prescriber prior to the member s first scheduled appointment with the T/RBHA prescriber; and        

5. 
 Contractor monitoring activities to ensure that members are appropriately transitioned to the T/RBHA for care.    
   Integrated Services  : The Contractor is encouraged to develop specific strategies to promote care integration activities. These strategies may
include but are not limited to contracting with T/RBHAs or behavioral health providers as well as establishing integrated settings which serve members  primary care and behavioral health needs. The Contractor should consider the behavioral
health needs, in addition to the primary health care needs, of members during network development to improve member access to care, care coordination and to reduce duplication of services.  
   ADULT DUAL MEMBERS RECEIVING GENERAL MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE SERVICES    
 Effective, October 1, 2015, AHCCCS dual members 18 years of age and older who are receiving general mental health and substance abuse services and who are
enrolled with the Contractor will receive behavioral health services through the Contractor. Prior to October 1, 2015, these services were provided through a T/RBHA. Choices for American Indian members are described in Section D, Paragraph 3,
Enrollment and Disenrollment.    Behavioral Health services are described in detail in the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide and the AMPM.
Covered services include:      

1. 
 Behavior Management (personal care, family support/home care training, peer support)        

2. 
 Behavioral Health Case Management Services (with limitations)        

3. 
 Behavioral Health Nursing Services        

4. 
 Emergency Behavioral Health Care        

5. 
 Emergency and Non-Emergency Transportation        

6. 
 Evaluation and Assessment        

7. 
 Individual, Group and Family Therapy and Counseling        

8. 
 Inpatient Hospital Services        

9. 
 Behavioral Health Inpatient Facilities        

10. 
 Laboratory and Radiology Services for Psychotropic Medication Regulation and Diagnosis        

11. 
 Opioid Agonist Treatment        

12. 
 Partial Care (Supervised day program, therapeutic day program and medical day program)        

13. 
 Psychosocial Rehabilitation (living skills training; health promotion; supportive employment services)        

14. 
 Psychotropic Medication        

15. 
 Psychotropic Medication Adjustment and Monitoring        

16. 
 Respite Care (with limitations)           

17. 
 Substance Abuse Transitional Facility Services        

19. 
 Home Care Training to Home Care Client    

The Contractor shall ensure that all behavioral health services provided are medically necessary as
determined by a qualified behavioral health professional. Psychiatrists, psychologists, physician assistants, certified psychiatric nurse practitioners, licensed clinical social workers, licensed professional counselors, licensed marriage and family
therapists and licensed independent substance abuse counselors may bill independently. Other behavioral health professionals must be employed by or contracted with and bill through an AHCCCS registered behavioral health provider.  
 The Contractor s network shall include Master s level and doctoral trained clinicians in the fields of social work, counseling, and psychology that
are trained in implementation of best practices for medically and behaviorally complex conditions such as intellectual/cognitive disabilities, trauma related disorders, substance abuse, sexual disorders, and special age groups such as transition age
youth and members aged birth to five years old.    Behavioral health needs shall be assessed and services provided in collaboration with the member, the
member s family and all others involved in the member s care, including other agencies or systems. Services shall be accessible and provided by competent individuals who are adequately trained and supervised. The strengths and needs of the
member and their family shall determine the types and intensity of services. Services should be provided in a manner that respects the member and family s cultural heritage and appropriately utilizes natural supports in the member s
community.      Transition  : Transition of members for behavioral health services provided through the Contractor will occur under two
circumstances:      

1. 
 Members who are dually eligible will be transitioned to the Contractor to receive their behavioral health services when turning 18 years of age and have a change in behavioral health category from  child  to
 general mental health/substance abuse .        

2. 
 Members who have a behavioral health category of  general mental health/substance abuse  will be transitioned to the Contractor to receive their behavioral health services when they become dually eligible.
       SMI Eligibility Evaluation and Determination  : Payment for evaluations for adult dual members who are receiving general mental
health and substance abuse services conducted for the purpose of an SMI determination is the responsibility of the Contractor. The Contractor shall ensure evaluations are sent to the Crisis Response Network (CRN) which conducts all SMI eligibility
determinations statewide.      Referrals  : The Contractor shall develop, monitor and continually evaluate its processes for timely referral,
evaluation and treatment planning for behavioral health services. Requests for behavioral health services made by the member, family, guardian, or any health care professional shall be assessed by the Contractor for appropriateness within three
business days of the request. If it is determined services are needed, a referral for evaluation shall be made within one business day and the initial appointment shall be secured in accordance with appointment standards. See Paragraph 33,
Appointment Standards.      Emergency Services  : When members present in an emergency room setting, the Contractor is responsible for payment of
all emergency room services and transportation for all members regardless of the principal diagnosis on the emergency room and/or transportation claim. In addition to those emergency services listed above, the Contractor is responsible for payment
of the associated professional services regardless of the principal diagnosis on the claim, as delineated in ACOM Policy 432.      Crisis
Services  : Crisis services shall be community based, recovery-oriented, and member focused and shall work to stabilize individuals as quickly as possible to assist them in returning to their baseline of functioning. The Regional Behavioral
Health Authorities (RBHAs) within the Contractor s geographic service area(s) are responsible for the delivery of timely crisis services, including telephone, community-based mobile, and  

facility-based stabilization (including observation not to exceed 24 hours). See Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, Section II. E. The RBHAs are responsible for notifying the
Contractor within 24 hours of a member engaging in crisis services so subsequent services can be initiated by the Contractor.    The Contractor is
responsible for all other medically necessary services related to a crisis episode. The Contractor shall develop policies and procedures to ensure timely communication with RBHAs for members that have engaged crisis services. The Contractor shall
ensure timely follow up and care coordination for members after receiving crisis services, whether the member received services within, or outside the Contractor s GSA at the time services were provided, to ensure stabilization of the member
and appropriate delivery of ongoing necessary treatment and services.    The Contractor shall:  

1. 
 Assess the individual s needs, identify the supports and services that are necessary to meet those needs, and connect the individual to appropriate services;    

2. 
 Provide solution-focused and recovery-oriented interventions designed to avoid unnecessary hospitalization, incarceration, or placement in a more segregated setting; and    

3. 
 Utilize the engagement of peer and family support services in providing crisis services.        Court Ordered
Treatment  : The Contractor shall develop a collaborative process with the counties to ensure coordination of care and information sharing for timely access to court ordered evaluation services and treatment. Reimbursement for court ordered
screening and evaluation services are the responsibility of the County pursuant to A.R.S.  36-545. Refer to ACOM Policy 437 for clarification regarding financial responsibility for the provision of medically necessary behavioral health services
rendered after the completion of a court ordered evaluation, and ACOM Policy 423 for clarification regarding the financial responsibility for the provision of specific mental health treatment/care when such treatment is ordered as a result of a
judicial ruling. For additional information regarding behavioral health services refer to Title 9 Chapter 22 Articles 2 and 12.    The Contractor shall
develop policies that outline its role and responsibility related to the treatment of individuals who are unable or unwilling to consent to treatment. The policy must be submitted for review as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of
Deliverables. The policy must address:      

1. 
 Involuntary evaluation/petitioning        

2. 
 Court ordered process, including tracking the status of court orders        

3. 
 Execution of court order, and        

4. 
 Judicial review        Community Service Agencies  : The Contractor may contract with community service
agencies for the delivery of covered behavioral health services. Refer to the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, available on the AHCCCS website, for more information and limitations.  
   Monitoring, Training and Education  : The Contractor is responsible for training the Behavioral Health Coordinator/staff and providers, in
sufficient detail and frequency, to identify and screen for members  behavioral health needs. At a minimum, training shall include information regarding covered behavioral health services and referrals, how to access services, including the
petitioning process, how to involve the member and their family in decision-making and service planning. The Contractor shall establish policies and procedures for referral and consultation and shall describe them in its provider manual. Training
for Behavioral Health Coordinator/staff and providers may be provided through employee orientation, clinical in-services and/or information sharing via newsletters, brochures, etc. The Contractor shall maintain documentation of the behavioral health
trainings in accordance with AMPM Policy 310.  

13.  
  AHCCCS GUIDELINES, POLICIES AND MANUALS       All AHCCCS guidelines, policies and manuals, including but not
limited to, ACOM, AMPM, Reporting Guides, and Manuals are hereby incorporated by reference into this contract. Guidelines, policies and manuals are available on the AHCCCS website. The Contractor is responsible for ensuring that its subcontractors
are notified when modifications are made to the AHCCCS guidelines, policies, and manuals. The Contractor is responsible for complying with all requirements set forth in these sources as well as with any updates. In addition, linkages to AHCCCS
rules, statutes and other resources are available through the AHCCCS website. Upon adoption by AHCCCS, updates will be available on the AHCCCS website.      

14.  
  MEDICAID SCHOOL BASED CLAIMING       Pursuant to an Intergovernmental Agreement with the Department of
Education, and a contract with a Third Party Administrator, AHCCCS pays participating school districts for specifically identified Medicaid services when provided to Medicaid eligible children who are included under the Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act (IDEA). The Medicaid services must be identified in the member s Individual Education Plan (IEP) as medically necessary for the child to obtain a public school education. See AMPM Chapter 700.  
 Medicaid School Based (MSB) services are provided in a school setting or other approved setting specifically to allow children to receive a public school
education. They do not replace medically necessary services provided outside the school setting or other MSB approved alternative setting. Currently, services include audiology, therapies (OT, PT and speech/language); behavioral health evaluation
and counseling; nursing and attendant care (health aid services provided in the classroom); and specialized transportation to and from school on days when the child receives an AHCCCS-covered MSB service.  
 The Contractor s evaluations and determinations of medical necessity shall be made independent of the fact that the child is receiving MSB services. If a
request is made for services that also are covered under the MSB program for a child enrolled with the Contractor, the request shall be evaluated on the same basis as any request for a covered service.  
 The Contractor and its providers should coordinate with schools and school districts that provide MSB services to the Contractor s enrolled members.
Services should not be duplicative. Contractor case managers, working with special needs children, should coordinate with the appropriate school staff working with these members. Transfer of member medical information and progress toward treatment
goals between the Contractor and the member s school or school district is required as appropriate and should be used to enhance the services provided to members.      

15.  
  PEDIATRIC IMMUNIZATIONS AND THE VACCINES FOR CHILDREN PROGRAM       Through the Vaccines for Children (VFC)
program, the Federal and State governments purchase, and make available to providers at no cost, vaccines for AHCCCS children under age 19. The Contractor shall not utilize AHCCCS funding to purchase vaccines for members under the age of 19. If
vaccines are not available through the VFC program, the Contractor shall contact the AHCCCS Division of Health Care Management, Clinical Quality Management for guidance. Any provider licensed by the State to administer immunizations, may register
with Arizona Department of Health Services (ADHS) as a VFC provider to receive these free vaccines. The Contractor shall not reimburse providers for the administration of the vaccines in excess of the maximum allowable as set by CMS. The Contractor
shall comply with all VFC requirements and monitor contracted providers to ensure that physicians are registered as VFC providers when acting as Primary Care Providers (PCP) for members under the age of 19 years.  
 Due to low numbers of children in their panels providers in certain Geographic Service Areas (GSAs) may choose not to provide vaccinations. Whenever possible,
members should be assigned to VFC registered providers within the same or a nearby community. When that is not possible, the Contractor must develop processes to ensure vaccinations are available through a VFC enrolled provider or through the
appropriate County Health Department. In all instances, the vaccines are to be provided through the VFC program. The Contractor must develop processes to pay the administration fee to whoever administers the vaccine regardless of their contract
status with the Contractor.  

Arizona State law requires the reporting of all immunizations given to children under the age of 19.
Immunizations must be reported at least monthly to the ADHS Immunization Registry. Reported immunizations are held in a central database known as ASIIS (Arizona State Immunization Information System), which can be accessed by providers to obtain
complete, accurate immunization records. Software is available from ADHS to assist providers in meeting this reporting requirement. The Contractor must educate its provider network about these reporting requirements and the use of this resource.

16.  
  STAFF REQUIREMENTS AND SUPPORT SERVICES       The Contractor shall have in place the organizational,
operational, managerial and administrative systems capable of fulfilling all contract requirements. For the purposes of this contract, the Contractor shall not employ or contract with any individual who has been debarred, suspended or otherwise
lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity or from participating in non-procurement activities under regulations issued under Executive Order No. 12549 or under guidelines implementing Executive Order 12549 [42
CFR 438.610 (a)   (b), 42 CFR 1001.1901(b), 42 CFR 1003.102(a)(2)]. The Contractor is obligated to screen employees and subcontractors to determine whether they have been excluded from participation in Federal health care programs as
outlined in Section D, Paragraph 62, Corporate Compliance.    The Contractor must employ sufficient staff and utilize appropriate resources to achieve
contractual compliance. The Contractor s resource allocation must be adequate to achieve outcomes in all functional areas within the organization. Adequacy will be evaluated based on outcomes and compliance with contractual and AHCCCS policy
requirements. If the Contractor does not achieve the desired outcomes or maintain compliance with contractual obligations, additional monitoring and regulatory action may be employed by AHCCCS. This action may include, but is not limited to,
requiring the Contractor to hire additional staff and actions specified in Section D, Paragraph 72, Sanctions.    The Contractor shall have local staff
available 24 hours per day, seven days per week to work with AHCCCS and/or other State agencies, such as Arizona Department of Health Services/Office of Licensure, on urgent issue resolutions. Urgent issue resolutions include Immediate Jeopardies
(IJ), fires, or other public emergency situations. These staff shall have access to information necessary to identify members who may be at risk and their current health/service status, the ability to initiate new placements/services, and have the
ability to perform status checks at affected facilities and perform ongoing monitoring, if necessary. The Contractor shall supply AHCCCS, Clinical Quality Management (CQM) with the contact information for these staff, as specified in Attachment F3,
Contractor Chart of Deliverables. At a minimum the contact information shall include a current 24/7 telephone number. CQM must be notified and provided back up contact information when the primary contact person will be unavailable.  
 For functions not required to be in State, the Contractor must notify AHCCCS as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, prior to moving
functions outside the State of Arizona. The notification must include an implementation plan for the transition.    The Contractor shall be responsible for
costs associated with on-site audits or other oversight activities which result when functions are located outside of the State of Arizona.      An
individual staff member is limited to occupying a maximum of two of the Key Staff positions listed below, unless prior approval is obtained by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management (DHCM). When submitting its functional organizational chart, as
specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, the Contractor must document, for each Key Staff position, the portion of time allocated to each Medicaid contract as well as all other lines of business. The Contractor shall also inform
AHCCCS DHCM in writing as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, when an employee leaves one of the  Key Staff   

positions listed below. The name of the interim contact person should be included with the notification. The name and resume of the permanent employee should be submitted as soon as the new
hire has taken place along with a revised Organization Chart complete with Key Staff. If, at any point, the Contractor fails to maintain compliance with contractual obligations, AHCCCS reserves the right to evaluate staffing allocations and require
staffing enhancements in order to ensure adherence to established requirements.        At a minimum, the following staff is required :   
  Key Staff Positions       

a. 
  Administrator/CEO/COO  who is located in Arizona, oversees the entire operation of the Contractor, and have the authority to direct and prioritize work, regardless of where performed.    

b. 
  Medical Director/CMO  who is located in Arizona and who is an Arizona-licensed physician in good standing. The Medical Director shall be actively involved in all major clinical programs and Quality Management and
Medical Management components of the Contractor. The Medical Director shall ensure timely medical decisions, including after-hours consultation as needed (see Section D, Paragraph 27, Network Development).    

c. 
  Chief Financial Officer/CFO  who is available to fulfill the responsibilities of the position and to oversee the budget, accounting systems, and financial reporting implemented by the Contractor.

d. 
  Pharmacy Director/Coordinator  who is an Arizona licensed pharmacist or physician who oversees and administers the prescription drug and pharmacy benefits. The Pharmacy Coordinator/Director may be an employee or
Contractor of the Plan.        

e. 
  Dental Director  must be an Arizona licensed general or pediatric dentist in good standing who is located in Arizona and is responsible for leading and coordinating the dental activities of the Contractor
including review and denial of dental services, provider consultation, utilization review, and participation in tracking and trending of quality of care issues as related to dental services. The Dental Director must provide required communication
between the Contractor and AHCCCS. The Dental Director may be an employee or Contractor of the plan but may not be from the Contractor s delegated dental subcontractor.    

f. 
  Corporate Compliance Officer  who is located in Arizona and who will implement and oversee the Contractor s compliance program. The Corporate Compliance Officer shall be a management official, available to
all employees, with designated and recognized authority to access records and make independent referrals to the AHCCCS Office of the Inspector General. See Section D, Paragraph 62, Corporate Compliance.    

g. 
  Dispute and Appeal Manager  who is responsible for managing and adjudicating member grievances and appeals, and provider claim disputes, arising under the Grievance and Appeal System and for forwarding all
requests for hearing to AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS) with the requested information. The Dispute and Appeal Manager and any staff under this position who manage and adjudicate disputes and appeals must be located in Arizona.
See Section D, Paragraph 26, Grievance and Appeal System.        

h. 
  Business Continuity Planning Coordinator  as noted in ACOM Policy 104.        

i. 
  Contract Compliance Officer  who is located in Arizona and who will serve as the primary point-of-contact for all Contractor operational issues. The primary functions of the Contract Compliance Officer may include
but are not limited to coordinate the tracking and submission of all contract deliverables, fielding and coordinating responses to AHCCCS inquiries, and coordinating the preparation and execution of contract requirements such as Operational and
Financial Reviews (OFRs), random and periodic audits and ad hoc visits.        

j. 
  Quality Management Manager  who is an Arizona-licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant or a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ) by the National Association for Health Care
Quality (NAHQ) and/or Certified in Health Care Quality and Management (CHCQM) by the American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Providers. The QM Manager must be located in Arizona and have experience in quality management and
quality improvement. Sufficient local staffing to meet the AHCCCS quality management contractual and policy requirements must also be in place. Staff must report directly to the Quality Management Manager. The primary functions of the Quality
Management Manager position are:        

Ensure individual and systemic quality of care    

Conduct comprehensive quality-of-care investigations        

Conduct onsite quality management visits/reviews        

Conduct Care Needed Today/Immediate Jeopardy investigations        

Integrate quality throughout the organization        

Implement process improvement        

Resolve, track and trend quality of care grievances        

Ensure a credentialed provider network        

k. 
  Performance/Quality Improvement Coordinator  who is located in Arizona and who has a minimum qualification as a CPHQ or CHCQM or comparable education and experience in health plan data and outcomes measurement.
Any staff under this position must be sufficient to meet the AHCCCS quality improvement contractual and policy requirements and must be located in Arizona. The primary functions of the Performance/Quality Improvement Coordinator are:

Focus organizational efforts on improving clinical quality performance measures        

Develop and implement performance improvement projects        

Utilize data to develop intervention strategies to improve outcomes        

Report quality improvement/performance outcomes        

l. 
  Credentialing Coordinator  who is located in Arizona and who has appropriate education and/or experience to effectively complete all requirements of the position. The primary functions of the Credentialing
Coordinator are:        

Serve as the single point of contact to AHCCCS for credentialing-related questions and concerns        

Responsible for timely and accurate completion of all credentialing-related deliverables        

Ensure all credentialing requirements, including timeframes, are adhered to by the Contractor        

Provide a detailed, transparent description of the credentialing process to providers and serve as the single point of contact for the Contractor to address provider questions about the credentialing process

m. 
  Maternal Child Health/EPSDT Coordinator  who is located in Arizona and who is an Arizona licensed nurse, physician or physician s assistant; or has a Master s degree in health services, public health,
health care administration or other related field, and/or a CPHQ or CHCQM certification. Any staff under this position must be sufficient to meet the AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT contractual and policy requirements and must be located in Arizona. Maternal Child
Health (MCH)/EPSDT staff must either report directly to the MCH/EPSDT Coordinator or the MCH/EPSDT Coordinator must have sufficient ability to ensure that AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT requirements are met. Sufficient local staffing under this position must be
in place to meet quality and performance measure goals. The primary functions of the MCH/EPSDT Coordinator are:        

Ensure receipt of EPSDT services        

Ensure receipt of maternal and postpartum care        

Promote family planning services        

Promote preventive health strategies        

Identify and coordinate assistance for identified member needs        

Interface with community partners           

n. 
  Medical Management Manager  who is an Arizona licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant if required to make medical necessity determinations; or have a Master s degree in health
services, health care administration, or business administration if not required to make medical necessity determinations. This position is located in Arizona and manages all required medical management requirements under AHCCCS policies, rules, and
contract. Sufficient local staffing under this position must be in place to meet medical management requirements. The primary functions of the Medical Management Manager are:    

Ensure adoption and consistent application of appropriate inpatient and outpatient medical necessity criteria        

Ensure appropriate concurrent review and discharge planning of inpatient stays is conducted        

Develop, implement and monitor the provision of care coordination, disease management and case management functions    

Monitor, analyze and implement appropriate interventions based on utilization data, including identifying and correcting over or under utilization of services    

Monitor prior authorization functions and assure that decisions are made in a consistent manner based on clinical criteria and meet timeliness standards    

o. 
  Behavioral Health Coordinator  who is a behavioral health professional as described in Health Services Rule A.A.C.   R9-10-101,   and is
located in Arizona. The Behavioral Health Coordinator shall ensure AHCCCS behavioral health requirements are implemented. The primary functions of the Behavioral Health Coordinator are:    

Coordinate members behavioral health care needs including active involvement in all out of state placement decisions        

Develop processes to review and enhance network to reduce out of state placements        

Develop processes to coordinate behavioral health care and physical health care between all providers        

Participate in the identification of best practices for behavioral health services        

Coordinate and liaise for American Indians who exercise choice options regarding behavioral health        

p. 
  Member Services Manager  who shall coordinate communications with members; serve in the role of member advocate; coordinate issues with appropriate areas within the organization; resolve member inquiries/problems
and meet standards for resolution, telephone abandonment rates and telephone hold times.        

q. 
  Provider Services Manager  who coordinates communications between the Contractor and its subcontractors and providers. This position is located in Arizona and ensures that providers receive prompt resolution to
their problems or inquiries, appropriate education about participation in the AHCCCS program and maintain a sufficient provider network. Sufficient local staffing under this position must be in place to ensure appropriate provider responsiveness.

r. 
  Claims Administrator  who shall ensure prompt and accurate provider claims processing. The primary functions of the Claims Administrator are:    

Develop and implement claims processing systems capable of paying claims in accordance with State and Federal requirements        

Develop processes for cost avoidance        

Ensure minimization of claims recoupments        

Meet claims processing timelines        

Meet AHCCCS encounter reporting requirements        

s. 
  Provider Claims Educator  who is located in Arizona and facilitates the exchange of information between the grievance, claims processing, and provider relations systems. The primary functions of the Provider
Claims Educator are:        

Educate contracted and non-contracted providers (i.e., professional and institutional) regarding appropriate claims submission requirements, coding updates, electronic claims transactions and electronic fund transfer,
and available Contractor resources such as provider manuals, website, fee schedules, etc.        

Interface with the Contractor s call center to compile, analyze, and disseminate information from provider calls        

Identify trends and guides the development and implementation of strategies to improve provider satisfaction. Frequently communicate (i.e.: telephonic and on-site) with providers to assure the effective exchange of
information and gain feedback regarding the extent to which providers are informed about appropriate claims submission practices        

t. 
  Information Systems (IS) Administrator  who is responsible for information system management including coordination of the technical aspects of application infrastructure, server and storage needs, reliability and
survivability of all data and data exchange elements.        

u. 
  MSA Administrator  who is responsible for oversight of the Management Services Agreement (MSA) subcontractor and is the Contractor s Key Contact who is not employed by the MSA for AHCCCS coordination. This
position is only required when the Contractor operates under a subcontract with a MSA.    

Additional Required Staff:    

v. 
  Prior Authorization staff  to authorize health care services. This staff shall include but is not limited to Arizona-licensed nurses, physicians and/or physician s assistants.    

w. 
  Concurrent Review staff  who are located in Arizona and who conduct inpatient concurrent review. This staff shall consist of Arizona-licensed nurses, physicians, and/or physician s assistants.

x. 
  Member Services staff  to enable members to receive prompt resolution of their inquiries/problems.        

y. 
  Provider Services staff  who are located in Arizona and who enable providers to receive prompt responses and assistance. See Section D, Paragraph 29, Network Management.    

z. 
  Claims Processing staff  to ensure the timely and accurate processing of original claims, resubmissions and overall adjudication of claims.    

aa. 
  Encounter Processing staff  to ensure the timely and accurate processing and submission to AHCCCS of encounter data and reports.    

bb. 
  Case Management staff  who are located in Arizona and who provide care coordination for members with special health care needs.    

cc. 
  IS Staff  to ensure timely and accurate information system management to meet system and data exchange requirements.        

dd. 
  Quality Management staff  who are located in Arizona and who ensure timely, comprehensive quality of care investigative processes including but not limited to onsite quality investigations.    
 The Contractor must submit the following items as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, and when there is a change in staffing or
organizational functions:      

1. 
 An organization chart complete with the  Key Staff  positions. The chart must include the person s name, title, location and portion of time allocated to each Medicaid contract and other lines of business.

2. 
 A functional organization chart of the key program areas, responsibilities and reporting lines.        

3. 
 A listing of all Key Staff to include the following:        

a. 
 Individual s name,        

b. 
 Individual s title,        

c. 
 Individual s telephone number,        

d. 
 Individual s email address,        

e. 
 Individual s location(s),        

f. 
 Documentation confirming applicable Key Staff functions are filled by individuals who are in good standing (for example, a printout from the Arizona Medical Board webpage showing the CMO s active license), and

g. 
 A list of all Key Staff functions and their locations; and a list of any functions that have moved outside of the State of Arizona in the past contract year.    
 The Contractor is responsible for maintaining a significant local presence within the State of Arizona. Positions performing functions related to this
contract must have a direct reporting relationship to the local Administrator/Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The local CEO shall have the authority to direct, implement and prioritize work to ensure compliance with contract requirements. The local
CEO shall have the authority and ability to prioritize and direct work performed by Contractor staff and work performed under this contract through a management service agreement or through a delegated agreement. This significant presence includes
staff listed below.      In State Positions  :      

Administrator/CEO/COO        

Behavioral Health Coordinator        

Case Managers        

Concurrent Review staff        

Contract Compliance Officer        

Corporate Compliance Officer        

Credentialing Coordinator    

Dental Director        

Dispute and Appeal Manager        

Maternal Child Health/EPSDT Coordinator        

Maternal Child Health/EPSDT staff        

Maternal Child Health/MCH staff        

Medical Director/CMO        

Medical Management Manager        

Performance/Quality Improvement Coordinator        

Performance/Quality Improvement staff        

Provider Claims Educator        

Provider Services Manager        

Provider Services staff        

Quality Management Manager        

Quality Management staff        Staff Training and Meeting Attendance  : The Contractor shall ensure
that all staff members have appropriate training, education, experience and orientation to fulfill the requirements of the position. AHCCCS may require additional staffing for a Contractor that has substantially failed to maintain compliance with
any provision of this contract and/or AHCCCS policies.    The Contractor must provide initial and ongoing staff training that includes an overview of
AHCCCS; AHCCCS Policy and Procedure Manuals, and contract requirements and State and Federal requirements specific to individual job functions. The Contractor shall ensure that all staff members having contact with members or providers receive
initial and ongoing training with regard to the appropriate identification and handling of quality of care/service concerns.    All transportation, prior
authorization and member services representatives must be trained in the geography of any/all GSA(s) in which the Contractor holds a contract and have access to mapping search engines (e.g. MapQuest, Yahoo Maps, Google Maps) for the purposes of
authorizing services in, recommending providers in, and transporting members to, the most geographically appropriate location.    The Contractor shall
provide the appropriate staff representation for attendance and participation in meetings and/or events scheduled by AHCCCS. AHCCCS may require attendance by subcontracted entities, as defined in Section D, Paragraph 37, Subcontracts, when deemed
necessary. All meetings shall be considered mandatory unless otherwise indicated.      

17.  
  WRITTEN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES       The Contractor shall develop and maintain written policies and
procedures for each functional area consistent in format and style. The Contractor shall maintain written guidelines for developing, reviewing and approving all policies and procedures. All policies and procedures shall be reviewed at least annually
to ensure that the Contractor s written policies reflect current practices. Reviewed policies shall be dated and signed by the Contractor s Director or administrator. Minutes reflecting the review and approval of the policies by an
appropriate committee, chaired by the Contractor Chief Executive Officer/Administrator, Chief Medical Officer or Chief Financial Officer are also acceptable documentation. All medical and quality management policies must be approved and signed by
the Contractor s Medical Director.    If AHCCCS deems a Contractor policy or process to be inefficient and/or place an unnecessary burden on the
members or providers, the Contractor must work with AHCCCS to change the policy or procedure within a time period specified by AHCCCS. In addition, if AHCCCS deems a Contractor lacks a policy or process necessary to fulfill the terms of this
contract, the Contractor must work with AHCCCS to adopt a policy or procedure within a time period specified by AHCCCS.  

The Contractor shall be accessible by phone for general member information during
normal business hours. All enrolled members will have access to a toll free phone number. All informational materials, prepared by the Contractor, shall be approved by AHCCCS prior to distribution to members. The reading level and name of the
evaluation methodology used shall be included. The Contractor should refer to ACOM Policy 404 for further information and requirements. See also Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  
 All materials shall be translated when the Contractor is aware that a language is spoken by 3,000 or 10%, whichever is less, of the Contractor s members,
who also have Limited English Proficiency (LEP).    All vital materials shall be translated when the Contractor is aware that a language is spoken by 1,000
or 5%, whichever is less, of the Contractor s members, who also have LEP [42 CFR 438.10(c)(3). Vital materials must include, at a minimum, but are not limited to the following:  

1. 
 Member Handbooks        

2. 
 Consent Forms        

3. 
 Member notices        

4. 
 Grievance, appeal, and request for State fair hearing information        

5. 
 Written notices informing members of their right to interpretation and translation services      In addition, the
following Vital Materials must include a tagline in all languages spoken by 1,000 or 5%, whichever is less, of the Contractor s members, who also have LEP. The Vital Materials must be made available in the LEP language spoken by 1,000 or 5% of
the population upon request by the member.      

1. 
 Notices of Actions        

2. 
 Notices of Appeal Resolution        

3. 
 Communications requiring a response from the member      Oral interpretation services must be available and at no
cost to all members and potential members regardless of the prevalence of the language. The Contractor must notify all members and potential members of their right to access oral interpretation services and how to access them. Refer to ACOM Policy
404 [42 CFR 438.10(c)(4) and (5)].    The Contractor shall make every effort to ensure that all information prepared for distribution to members is written
using an easily understood language and format and as further described in ACOM Policy 404 [42 CFR. 438.10(b)(1)]. Regardless of the format chosen by the Contractor, the member information must be printed in a type, style and size, which can easily
be read by members with varying degrees of visual impairment. The Contractor must notify its members that alternative formats are available and how to access them [42 CFR 438.10(d)]. The Contractor shall adhere to the requirements for Social
Networking Activities as described in ACOM Policy 425.    When there are program changes, notification shall be provided to members at least 30 days before
implementation.     Website Requirements     The Contractor
shall develop and maintain a website that is focused, informational, user-friendly, functional, and provides the information as required in ACOM Policy 416 and ACOM Policy 404.  

Member Handbook and Provider Directory   
 The Contractor shall provide the following information to each member/representative or household within 12 business days of receipt of notification of the
enrollment date [42 CFR 438.10(f)(3)]:      

1. 
 A  Member Handbook  which, at a minimum, shall include the items listed in ACOM Policy 404.    
 The Contractor shall review and update the Member Handbook at least once a year. The Handbook must be submitted to AHCCCS, Division of Health
Care Management for approval as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.    The Contractor has the option of providing
the Member Handbook in hard copy format with the new member packet, or providing the member written notification of how the Member Handbook information is available to the member on the Contractor s website, via electronic mail or via postal
mailing. Should the Contractor elect not to provide the Member Handbook in hard copy format with the member packet, the following provisions apply:      

1. 
 The Contractor must submit a request for approval to forgo provision of the hard copy as specified in the Contract, Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.    

2. 
 The member notification must be approved in accordance with ACOM Policy 404.        

3. 
 The written notification must give the member the option to obtain a printed version of the Member Handbook.        

2. 
 A  Provider Directory , which at a minimum, includes those items listed in ACOM Policy 404 .  The Contractor has the option of providing the Provider Directory in hard copy format or providing written
notification of how the Provider Directory information is available on the Contractor s website, via electronic mail, or via postal mailing as described in ACOM Policy 404. The written notification shall be sent to members within 12 business
days of receipt of notification of the enrollment date [42 CFR 438.10(f)(3)].      The Contractor must give written notice about
termination of a contracted provider, within 15 days after receipt or issuance of the termination notice, to each member who received their primary care from, or is seen on a regular basis by, the terminated provider [42 CFR 438.10(f)(5)]. The
Contractor shall have information available for potential enrollees as described in ACOM Policy 404 [42 CFR 438.10(f)(4)].     Member Newsletter   
 The Contractor must develop and distribute, at a minimum, two member newsletters during the contract year.  
 The following types of information are to be contained in the newsletter:      

1. 
 Educational information on chronic illnesses and ways to self-manage care        

2. 
 Reminders of flu shots and other prevention measures at appropriate times        

3. 
 Medicare Part D issues        

4. 
 Cultural Competency, other than translation services        

5. 
 Contractor specific issues (in each newsletter)        

6. 
 Tobacco cessation information        

7. 
 HIV/AIDS testing for pregnant women        

8. 
 Other information as required by AHCCCS       Member Rights   
 The Contractor will, on an annual basis, inform all members of their right to request the following information [42 CFR 438.10(f)(6) and 42 CFR 438.100(a)(1)
and (2)]. This information may be sent in a separate written communication or included with other written information such as in a member newsletter:      

1. 
 An updated Member Handbook at no cost to the member        

2. 
 The Provider Directory as described in ACOM Policy 404    

The Contractor shall ensure compliance with any applicable Federal and State laws that pertain to member
rights and ensure that its staff and subcontractors take those rights into account when furnishing services to members.    The Contractor shall ensure that
each member is guaranteed the right to request and receive one copy of the member s medical record at no cost to the member and to request that the record be amended or corrected, as specified in 45 CFR Part 164.  
 The Contractor shall ensure that each member is free to exercise their rights and that the exercise of those rights does not adversely affect the way the
Contractor or its subcontractors treat the member [42 CFR 438.100(c)].      
   The Contractor may be required to perform surveys at AHCCCS  request. AHCCCS may provide
the survey tool or require the Contractor to develop the survey tool. The final survey tool shall be approved in advance by AHCCCS as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The results and the analysis of the results shall be
submitted to the Division of Health Care Management as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.    For non-AHCCCS required surveys, the
Contractor shall provide notification as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, prior to conducting any Contractor initiated member or provider survey. The notification must include a project scope statement, project timeline
and a copy of the survey. The results and analysis of the results of any Contractor initiated surveys shall be submitted to the Division of Health Care Management as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. Surveys performed by
the Contractor to evaluate plan satisfaction for previous members (exit surveys), are subject to the above notification requirement for non-AHCCCS required surveys and are not subject to Marketing Committee approval.  
 AHCCCS may conduct surveys of a representative sample of the Contractor s membership and providers. The results of AHCCCS conducted surveys will become
public information and available to all interested parties on the AHCCCS website. The Contractor will be responsible for reimbursing AHCCCS for the cost of such surveys based on its share of AHCCCS enrollment.  
 As specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, the Contractor is required to perform periodic surveys of its membership, as outlined in ACOM
Policy 424, in order to verify that members have received services that have been paid for by the Contractor and to identify potential service/claim fraud [42 CFR 455.20 and 433.116].  

20.  
  CULTURAL COMPETENCY       The Contractor shall ensure compliance with a Cultural Competency Plan which meets
the requirements of ACOM Policy 405. An annual assessment of the effectiveness of the plan, along with any modifications to the plan, must be submitted to the DHCM Operations Unit, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.
This plan shall address cultural considerations and limited English proficiency for all services and settings [42 CFR 438.206(c)(2)].      
   The member s medical record is the property of the provider who generates the
record. Medical records include those maintained by PCPs or other providers as well as but not limited to those kept in placement settings such as nursing facilities, assisted living facilities and other home and community based providers. Each
member is entitled to one copy of his or her medical record at no cost annually. The Contractor shall have written policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of all medical records.  

The Contractor is responsible for ensuring that a medical record (hard copy or electronic) is established
when information is received about a member. If the PCP has not yet seen the member such information may be kept temporarily in an appropriately labeled file, in lieu of establishing a medical record, but must be associated with the member s
medical record as soon as one is established.    The Contractor shall have written policies and procedures for the maintenance of medical records to ensure
those records are documented accurately and in a timely manner, are readily accessible, and permit prompt and systematic retrieval of information. Medical records shall be maintained in a detailed and comprehensive manner, which conforms to
professional standards, permits effective medical review and audit processes, and which facilitates an adequate system for follow-up treatment.    The
Contractor shall have written standards for documentation on the medical record for legibility, accuracy and plan of care, which comply with the AMPM.  
 When a member changes PCPs, his or her medical records or copies of medical records must be forwarded to the new PCP within 10 business days from receipt of
the request for transfer of the medical records.    AHCCCS is not required to obtain written approval from a member before requesting the member s
medical record from the PCP or any other organization or agency. The Contractor may obtain a copy of a member s medical records without written approval of the member if the reason for such request is directly related to the administration of
the AHCCCS program. AHCCCS shall be afforded access to all members  medical records whether electronic or paper within 20 business days of receipt of request or more quickly if necessary.  
 Information related to fraud and abuse may be released, however, HIV-related information shall not be disclosed except as provided in A.R.S.  36-664, and
substance abuse information shall only be disclosed consistent with Federal and State law, including but not limited to 42 CFR 2.1 et seq.      
   The Contractor shall maintain policies and procedures addressing advanced directives
for adult members as specified in 42 CFR 438.3(j) and 42 CFR 422.128, and AMPM Policy 640 and AMPM Policy 930:      

1. 
 Each contract or agreement with a hospital, nursing facility, hospice, and providers of home health care or personal care services,, must comply with Federal and State law regarding advance directives for adult members
[42 CFR 438.3(j)(1)]. Requirements include:        

a. 
 Maintain written policies that address the rights of adult members to make decisions about medical care, including the right to accept or refuse medical care, and the right to execute an advance directive. If the
agency/organization has a conscientious objection to carrying out an advance directive, it must be explained in policies. A health care provider is not prohibited from making such objection when made pursuant to A.R.S.  36-3205.C.1,

b. 
 Provide written information to adult members regarding an individual s rights under State law to make decisions regarding medical care, and the health care provider s written policies concerning advance
directives, including any conscientious objections [42 CFR 438.3(j)(3)],        

c. 
 Documenting in the member s medical record whether or not the adult member has been provided the information, and whether an advance directive has been executed,    

d. 
 Preventing discrimination against a member because of his or her decision to execute or not execute an advance directive, and not place conditions on the provision of care to the member, because of his/her decision to
execute or not execute an advance directive, and        

e. 
 Providing education to staff on issues concerning advance directives including notification of direct care providers of services, such as home health care and personal care services, if any advanced directives are
executed by members to whom they are assigned to provide services.    

2. 
 The Contractor shall require PCPs, which have agreements with the entities described above, to comply with the requirements of subparagraphs 1 (a) through (e) above.    

3. 
 The Contractor shall require health care providers specified in subparagraph 1 above to provide a copy of the member s executed advanced directive, or documentation of refusal, to the member s PCP for
inclusion in the member s medical record and, provide education to staff on issues concerning advance directives.        

4. 
 The Contractor shall provide written information to adult members and when the member is incapacitated or unable to receive information, the member s family or surrogate as defined in A.R.S.  36-3231,
regarding the following [42 CFR 422.128]:        

a. 
 A member s rights regarding advance directives under Arizona State law,        

b. 
 The organization s policies respecting the implementation of those rights, including a statement of any limitation regarding the implementation of advance directives as a matter of conscience,    

c. 
 A description of the applicable state law and information regarding the implementation of these rights,        

d. 
 The member s right to file complaints directly with AHCCCS, and        

e. 
 Written policies including a clear and precise statement of limitations if the provider cannot implement an advance directive as a matter of conscience; This statement, at a minimum must do the following:

Clarify institution-wide conscientious objections and those of individual physicians,        

Identify state legal authority permitting such objections, and        

Describe the range of medical conditions or procedures affected by the conscience objection, and        

f. 
 Changes to State law as soon as possible, but no later than 90 days after the effective date of the change [42 CFR 438.6(i)(4)].    

5. 
 Written information regarding advance directives shall be provided to members at the time of enrollment with the Member Handbook. Refer to ACOM Policy 404 for member information and Member Handbook requirements.

6. 
 The Contractor is not relieved of its obligation to provide the above information to the individual once he or she is no longer incapacitated or unable to receive such information. Follow-up procedures must be in place
to provide the information to the individual directly at the appropriate time.        

23.  
  QUALITY MANAGEMENT AND PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT       The Contractor shall provide quality medical care and
services to members, regardless of payer source or eligibility category. The Contractor shall promote improvement in the quality of care provided to enrolled members through established Quality Management and Performance Improvement (QM/PI)
processes. The Contractor shall execute processes to assess, plan, implement, and evaluate QM/PI activities [42 CFR 438.240]. At a minimum, the Contractor s QM/PI programs shall comply with the requirements outlined in the AMPM Chapters 400 and
900. See also Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.    The Contractor must ensure that the QM/PI Unit within the organizational structure is
separate and distinct from any other units or departments such as Medical Management or Case Management. The Contractor is expected to integrate quality management processes, such as tracking and trending of issues, throughout all areas of the
organization. Ultimate responsibility for QM/PI activities resides within the QM/PI Unit.  

QM/PI positions performing work functions related to the contract must have a direct reporting relationship
to the local Chief Medical Officer (CMO) and the local Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The local CMO and CEO shall have the ability to direct, implement and prioritize interventions resulting from quality management and quality improvement activities
and investigations. Contractor staff, including administrative services subcontractors  staff, that performs functions under this contract related to QM and QI shall have the work directed and prioritized by the Contractor s local CEO and
CMO.    Federal regulation prohibits payment for Provider-Preventable Conditions that meet the definition of a Health Care-Acquired Condition (HCAC) or an
Other Provider Preventable Condition (OPPC) and that meet the following criteria: x       

a. 
 Is identified in the State plan        

b. 
 Has been found by the State, based upon a review of medical literature by qualified professionals, to be reasonably preventable through the application of procedures supported by evidence-based guidelines

c. 
 Has a negative consequence for the beneficiary        

d. 
 Is auditable        

e. 
 Includes, at a minimum, wrong surgical or other invasive procedure performed on a patient; surgical or other invasive procedure performed on the wrong body part; surgical or other invasive procedure performed on the
wrong patient [42 CFR 438.6(f)(2)(i), 42 CFR 434.6(a)(12)(i), 42 CFR 447.26(b))]      If an HCAC or OPPC is identified, the Contractor must
report the occurrence to AHCCCS and conduct a quality of care investigation as outlined in AMPM Chapter 900 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables [42 CFR 438.6(f)(2)(ii) and 42 CFR 434.6(a)(12)(ii)]. xi      Quality Management Program   
 The Contractor shall have an ongoing quality management program for the services it furnishes to members. The quality management program shall include but is
not limited to:      

1. 
 A written QM/PI plan and an evaluation of the previous year s QM/PI program;        

2. 
 Quality management quarterly reports that address strategies for QM/PI activities;        

3. 
 QM/PI program monitoring and evaluation activities which include Peer Review and Quality Management Committees which are chaired by the Contractor s local Chief Medical Officer;    

4. 
 Protection of medical records and any other personal health and enrollment information that identifies a particular member, or subset of members, in accordance with Federal and State privacy requirements;

6. 
 Uniform provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational assessment verification [42 CFR 438.206(b)(6)]. The Contractor shall demonstrate that its providers are
credentialed and reviewed through the Contractor s Credentialing Committee that is chaired by the Contractor s local Medical Director [42 CFR 438.214]. The Contractor should refer to the AMPM Chapter 900 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart
of Deliverables for reporting requirements. The process:        

a. 
 Shall follow a documented process for provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credentialing verification of providers who have signed contracts or participation agreements
with the Contractor;        

b. 
 Shall not discriminate against particular providers that serve high-risk populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment; and    

c. 
 Shall not employ or contract with providers excluded from participation in Federal health care programs.        

7. 
 Tracking and trending of member and provider issues, which includes, but is not limited to, investigation and analysis of quality of care issues, abuse, neglect, exploitation and unexpected deaths. The resolution
process must include:        

a. 
 Acknowledgement letter to the originator of the concern;        

b. 
 Documentation of all steps utilized during the investigation and resolution process;    

c. 
 Follow-up with the member to assist in ensuring immediate health care needs are met;        

d. 
 Closure/resolution letter that provides sufficient detail to ensure that the member has an understanding of the resolution of their issue, any responsibilities they have in ensuring all covered, medically necessary care
needs are met, and a Contractor contact name/telephone number to call for assistance or to express any unresolved concerns;        

e. 
 Documentation of implemented corrective action plan(s) or action(s) taken to resolve the concern; and        

f. 
 Analysis of the effectiveness of the interventions taken.        

8. 
 Mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs;        

9. 
 Participation in community initiatives including applicable activities of the Medicare Quality Improvement Organization (QIO); and        

10. 
 Performance improvement programs including performance measures and performance improvement projects.    
   Credential Verification Organization Contract  : The Arizona Association of Health Plans (AzAHP) has established a contract with a Credential
Verification Organization (CVO) that is responsible for receiving completed applications, attestations and primary source verification documents. The CVO is also responsible for conducting annual entity site visits to ensure compliance with AHCCCS
requirements. The AHCCCS Contractor must utilize the contracted CVO as part of its credentialing and recredentialing process regardless of membership in the AzAHP. This requirement eases the administrative burden for providers that contract with
AHCCCS Contractors which often results in duplicative submission of information used for credentialing purposes. The Contractor shall follow the AHCCCS recredentialing timelines for providers that submit their credentialing data and forms to the
AzAHP CVO. The Contractor is responsible for completing the credentialing process. The Contractor shall continue to include utilization, performance, complaint, and quality of care information, as specified in the AMPM, to complete the credentialing
or recredentialing files that are brought to the Credentialing Committee for a decision. In addition, the Contractor must also meet the AMPM requirements for provisional/temporary credentialing.  
   Credentialing Timelines  : The Contractor is required to process credentialing applications in a timely manner. To assess the timeliness of
provisional and initial credentialing a Contractor shall calculate and report to AHCCCS as outlined in AMPM Policy 950. The Contractor must report the credentialing information with regard to all credentialing applications as specified in Attachment
F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      Quality Improvement  : The Contractor s quality management program shall be designed to achieve
and sustain, through ongoing measurements and intervention, significant improvement in the areas of clinical care and nonclinical care which are expected to have a favorable effect on health outcomes and member satisfaction. The Contractor must [42
CFR 438.240(b)(2) and (c)]:      

1. 
 Measure and report to the State its performance, using standard measures required by the AHCCCS, or as required by CMS;        

2. 
 Submit specified data to the State that enables the State to measure the Contractor s performance; or        

3. 
 Perform a combination of the above activities.      The Contractor shall have an ongoing program of performance
improvement projects that focus on clinical and non-clinical areas, as specified in the AMPM, and that involve the following [42 CFR 438.240(b)(1) and (d)(1)]:      

1. 
 Measurement of performance using objective quality indicators        

2. 
 Implementation of system interventions to achieve improvement in quality        

3. 
 Evaluation of the effectiveness of the interventions        

4. 
 Planning and initiation of activities for increasing or sustaining improvement    

Performance Measures   
 The Contractor shall comply with AHCCCS quality management requirements to improve performance for all AHCCCS performance measures. Descriptions of the AHCCCS
Clinical Quality Performance Measures and links to the CMS and the measure host sites can be found on the AHCCCS website. The EPSDT Participation performance measure description utilizes the methodology established in CMS  Form 416  which
can also be found on the AHCCCS website.    The Contractor must comply with Federal performance measures and levels that may be identified and developed by
CMS or those developed in consultation with AHCCCS and/or other relevant stakeholders. CMS has been working in partnership with states in developing core performance measures for Medicaid and CHIP programs. As the Core Measure sets are implemented,
performance measures required by AHCCCS may be updated to include these measures.    AHCCCS may utilize a hybrid or other methodologies for collecting and
reporting performance measure rates, as allowed by the National Committee of Quality Assurance NCQA, for selected Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) measures or as allowed by other entities for nationally recognized measure
sets. The Contractor shall collect data from medical records, electronic records or through approved processes such as those utilizing a health information exchange and provide these data with supporting documentation, as instructed by AHCCCS, for
each hybrid measure. The number of records that each Contractor collects will be based on HEDIS, External Quality Review Organization (EQRO), or other sampling guidelines and may be affected by the Contractor s previous performance rate for the
measure being collected.    The Contractor must have a process in place for monitoring performance measure rates. The Contractor shall utilize a standard
methodology established or adopted by AHCCCS for measurement of each required performance measure. The Contractor s QM/PI Program will report its measured performance on an ongoing basis to its Administration. The Contractor performance measure
monitoring results shall also be reported to AHCCCS in conjunction with its EPSDT Improvement and Adult Quarterly Monitoring Report.    The Contractor must
meet AHCCCS stated Minimum Performance Standards (MPS) for each population/eligibility category for which AHCCCS reports results. AHCCCS-reported rates are the official rates utilized for determination of Contractor compliance with performance
requirements. It is equally important that, in addition to meeting the contractual MPS, the Contractor continually improve performance measure outcomes from year to year. Contractor calculated and/or reported rates will be used strictly for
monitoring Contractor actions and not be used for official reporting or for consideration in corrective action purposes.     Minimum
Performance Standard    MPS is the minimal expected level of performance by the Contractor. If a Contractor does not achieve this standard, the Contractor will be required to submit a corrective action plan and may be subject to a sanction
of up to $100,000 dollars for each deficient measure.    A Contractor must show demonstrable and sustained improvement toward meeting AHCCCS Performance
Standards. AHCCCS may impose sanctions on Contractors that do not show statistically significant improvement in a measure rate as calculated by AHCCCS. Sanctions may also be imposed for statistically significant declines of rates even if they meet
or exceed the MPS, for any rate that does not meet the AHCCCS MPS, or a rate that has a significant impact to the aggregate rate for the State. AHCCCS may require the Contractor to demonstrate that they are allocating increased administrative
resources to improving rates for a particular measure or service area. AHCCCS also may require a corrective action plan for measures that are below the MPS or that show a statistically significant decrease in its rate even if it meets or exceeds the
MPS.    An evidence-based corrective action plan that outlines the problem, planned actions for improvement, responsible staff and associated timelines as
well as a place holder for evaluation of activities must be received by AHCCCS within 30 days of receipt of notification of the deficiency from AHCCCS. This plan must be approved by AHCCCS prior to implementation. AHCCCS may conduct one or more
follow-up desktop or on-site reviews to verify compliance with a corrective action plan.  

All Performance Measures apply to all member populations [42 CFR 438.240(a)(2), (b)(2) and (c)]. AHCCCS may
analyze and report results by line of business, Geographical Service Area (GSA), or County, and/or other applicable demographic factors.    AHCCCS has
established standards for the measures listed below.    The following table identifies the MPS for each measure:  
  Acute Care Performance Measures       

Measure   
    
    MPS    

ADULT MEASURES   
 
   Inpatient Utilization  
    
 33 Per 1000 Member Months  
 
   ED Utilization  
    
 55Per 1000 Member Months  
 
   Hospital Readmissions  
    
 11%  
 
   Breast Cancer Screening (BCS)  
    
 50%  
 
   Cervical Cancer Screening (CCS)  
    
 64%  
 
   Chlamydia Screening in Women (CHL)  
    
 63%  
 
   Colorectal Screening  
    
 65%  
 
   CDC - HbA1c Testing  
    
 77%  
 
   CHC - HbA1c Poor Control ( 9.0%)  
    
 41%  
 
   CDC - Eye Exam  
    
 49%  
 
   Timeliness of Prenatal Care: Prenatal Care Visit in the First Trimester or Within 42 Days of
Enrollment (PPC)  
    
 80%  
 
   Timeliness of Prenatal Care: Postpartum Care Rate (PPC)  
    
 64%  
 
   Mental Health Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Use of Opioids From Multiple Providers at High dosage in Persons Without Cancer  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
  CHILDRENS MEASURES   
 
   Children s Access to PCPs, by age:   12-24 mo.    
    
 93%  
 
   Children s Access to PCPs, by age:   25 mo.- 6 yrs.    
    
 84%  
 
   Children s Access to PCPs, by age:   7 - 11 yrs.    
    
 83%  
 
   Children s Access to PCPs, by age:   12 - 19 yrs.    
    
 82%  
 
   Well-Child Visits:   15 mo.    
    
 65%  
 
   Well-Child Visits:   3 - 6 yrs.    
    
 66%  
 
   Adolescent Well-Child Visits:   12 21 yrs.    
    
 41%  
 
   Children s Dental Visits: ( ages 2-21 )  
    
 60%  
 
   Percentage of Eligibles Who Received Preventive Dental Services  (1)   
    
 46%  
 
   SEAL: Dental Sealants for Children Ages 6-9 at Elevated Caries Risk  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year; CMS will be establishing MPS  
 
   Human Papillomavirus Vaccine for Female Adolescents  
    
 50%   

Notes :       

(1)   
 EPSDT Dental Participation Standards (Preventive Dental) are based on the CMS-established goal that States improve their rates of children ages one through 20 enrolled in Medicaid and who received any preventive dental
service by 10 percentage points over a five-year period.    

(2)   
 AHCCCS will continue to measure and report results of these individual antigens; however, a Contractor may not be held accountable for specific Performance Standards unless AHCCCS determines that completion of a
specific antigen or antigens is affecting overall completion of the childhood immunization series and/or systemic rates for that antigen.    

* 
 All immunization combinations will be run and reported to CMS; however, AHCCCS will only take regulatory action with the Contractors for Combination 3 (and/or individual antigens as described    

Performance Measures with Reserve Status*  
  Acute Performance Measures       

* 
 Performance measures remain important to AHCCCS and as such will continue to be monitored by AHCCCS. Should Contractor performance results for Performance Measures in Reserve Status decline, the Contractor may be
subject to corrective action. AHCCCS may require individual Contractors to implement improvement actions for Performance Measures with Reserve Status in order to ensure quality of care to AHCCCS members. Measures deemed in Reserve Status will be
reported out when appropriate.    

(1)   
 The EPSDT Participation rate is the percent of all children and adolescents younger than 21 years who were due for at least one EPSDT visit, depending on their age and the state s EPSDT Periodicity Schedule, and
had an EPSDT visit during the contract year.      Contractor Performance is evaluated annually using the AHCCCS-reported rate for each measure.
AHCCCS rates are considered the official measurement for each Performance Measure. AHCCCS calculated rates by Contractor for each measure will be compared with the MPS specified in the contract in effective during the measurement period. For
instance, Performance Standards in the Contract Year Ending (CYE) 2015 contract apply to results calculated by AHCCCS for the CYE 2015 measurement period. AHCCCS will utilize methodologies that are reflective of the requirements for the measurement
period. For instance, CYE 2014 performance measure data will be based on the published 2014 CMS Core Sets and 2014 HEDIS technical specifications. Contractors are responsible for monitoring and reporting to AHCCCS CQM the status of, and any
discrepancies identified in encounters received by AHCCCS including paid, denied and pended for purposes of Performance Measure monitoring prior to the AHCCCS Performance Measure rate calculations being conducted.  
 The Contractor shall participate in immunization audits, at intervals specified by AHCCCS, based on random sampling to verify the immunization status of
members at 24 months of age and by 13 years of age. If records are missing for more than five percent (5%) of the Contractor s final sample, the Contractor is subject to sanctions by AHCCCS. An External Quality Review Organization (EQRO)
may conduct a study to validate the Contractor s reported rates.  

AHCCCS will measure and report the Contractor s EPSDT Participation rate and Dental Participation
(Preventive Dental) rate, utilizing the CMS 416 methodology. The EPSDT participation rate is the number of children younger than 21 years that receive medical screens in compliance with the State s Periodicity Schedule, compared to the number
of children expected to receive medical screens per the State s Periodicity Schedule. The Preventive Dental Participation rate is the number of children aged one through 20 who have a preventive dental visit, compared to the number of children
who has at least 90-days continuous enrollment during the Contract Year (measurement period).    The Contractor is responsible for applying the correct
CMS-416 methodology as developed and maintained by CMS for its internal monitoring of performance measure results.    AHCCCS uses the national CMS 416
methodology to generate the EPSDT Participation and Dental Participation rates through a CMS-validated process. The rates are generated one time a year and reported to CMS within specified timeframes. Aggregate rates as well as Contractor-specific
rates are included in this process.    The Contractor must participate in the delivery and/or results review of member surveys as requested by AHCCCS.
Surveys may include Home and Community Based (HCBS) Member Experience surveys, HEDIS Experience of Care (Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems   CAHPS) surveys, and/or any other tool that AHCCCS determines will benefit quality
improvement efforts. While not included as an official performance measure, survey findings or performance rates for survey questions may result in the Contractor being required to develop a Corrective Action Plan (CAP) and/or participate in
technical assistance or AHCCCS-led workgroups to improve any areas of concern noted by AHCCCS. Failure to effectively develop or implement AHCCCS-approved CAPs and drive improvement may result in additional regulatory action.  
 The Contractor must monitor rates for postpartum visits and low/very low birth weight deliveries and implement interventions as necessary to improve or
sustain these rates. The Contractor must implement processes to monitor and evaluate cesarean section and elective inductions rates prior to 39 weeks gestation to ensure medical necessity, and implement interventions to decrease the incidence of
occurrence.      Performance Improvement Projects (PIPs)  : The Contractor shall have an ongoing program of performance improvement projects that
focus on clinical and non-clinical areas as specified in the AMPM, and that involve the following: [42 CFR 438.240(b)(1) and (d)(1)]      

a. 
 Measurement of performance using objective quality indicators;        

b. 
 Implementation of system interventions to achieve improvement in quality;        

c. 
 Evaluation of the effectiveness of the interventions;        

d. 
 Planning and initiation of activities for increasing or sustaining improvement.      PIPs are mandated by AHCCCS,
the Contractor should also self-select additional projects based on opportunities for improvement identified by internal data and information. The Contractor shall report the status and results of each project to AHCCCS as requested using the AHCCCS
PIP Reporting Template included in the AMPM. Each PIP must be completed in a reasonable time period to allow information on the success of PIPs in the aggregate to produce new information on quality of care every year [42 CFR 438.240(d)(2)].  
   Data Collection Procedures  : When requested by AHCCCS, the Contractor must submit data for standardized Performance Measures and/or PIPs within
specified timelines and according to AHCCCS procedures for collecting and reporting the data. The Contractor is responsible for collecting valid and reliable data and using qualified staff and personnel to collect the data. The Contractor must
ensure that data collected by multiple  

parties/people for Performance Measures and/or PIP reporting is comparable and that an inter-rater reliability process was used to ensure consistent data collection. Data collected for
Performance Measures and/or PIPs must be returned by the Contractor in a format specified by AHCCCS, and by the due date specified. Any extension for additional time to collect and report data must be made in writing in advance of the initial due
date and is subject to approval by AHCCCS. Failure to follow the data collection and reporting instructions that accompany the data request may result in sanctions imposed on the Contractor.  
   
   The Contractor shall implement processes to assess, plan, implement, evaluate, and
as mandated, report Medical Management (MM) monitoring activities as specified in the AMPM Chapter 1000. This shall include the Quarterly Inpatient Hospital Showings report, HIV Specialty Provider List, Transplant Log and Prior Authorization
Requirements report as specified in the AMPM and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The Contractor shall evaluate MM activities, as specified in the AMPM Chapter 1000 ,  including:  

1. 
 Pharmacy Management; including the evaluation, reporting, analysis and interventions based on the data and reported through the MM Committee, which is chaired by the Contractor s Chief Medical Officer.

2. 
 Prior authorization and Referral Management; for the processing of requests for initial and continuing authorizations of services the Contractor shall:    

a. 
 Have in effect mechanisms to ensure consistent application of review criteria for authorization decisions;        

c. 
 Monitor and ensure that all enrollees with special health care needs have direct access to care;        

d. 
 Review all prior authorization requirements for services, items or medications annually. The review will be reported through the MM Committee and will include the rationale for changes made to prior authorization
requirements. A summary of the prior authorization requirement changes and the rationale for those changes must be included in the annual MM Evaluation submission; and    

e. 
 Comply with all decision timelines as outlined in the ACOM and the AMPM.        

a. 
 Are based on valid and reliable clinical evidence or a consensus of providers in the particular field;        

b. 
 Consider the needs of the Contractor s members;        

c. 
 Are adopted in consultation with contracting health care professionals;        

d. 
 Are reviewed and updated periodically as appropriate;        

e. 
 Are disseminated by the Contractor to all affected providers and, upon request, to enrollees and potential enrollees [42 CFR 438.236(c)]; and    

f. 
 Provide a basis for consistent decisions for utilization management, member education, coverage of services, and other areas to which the guidelines apply [42 CFR 438.236(d)].    

4. 
 Concurrent review:        

a. 
 Consistent application of review criteria; provide a basis for consistent decisions for utilization management, coverage of services, and other areas to which the guidelines apply;    

b. 
 Contractors must have policies and procedures in place that govern the process for proactive discharge planning when members have been admitted into acute care facilities. The intent of the discharge planning policy and
procedure would be to increase the utilization management of inpatient admissions and decrease readmissions within 30 days of discharge; and        

c. 
 In addition, 42 CFR 447.26 prohibits payment for Provider-Preventable Conditions that meet the definition of a Health Care-Acquired Condition (HCAC) or an Other Provider Preventable Condition (OPPC) (refer to AMPM
Chapter 1000). If an HCAC or OPPC is identified, the Contractor must report the occurrence to AHCCCS and conduct a quality of care investigation.       

5. 
 Continuity and coordination of care:        

a. 
 Establish a process to ensure coordination of member care needs across the continuum based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs;    

b. 
 Establish a process for timely and confidential communication of clinical information among providers;        

c. 
 Must proactively provide care coordination for members who have multiple complaints regarding services or the AHCCCS Program. This includes, but is not limited to, members who do not meet the Contractor s criteria
for case management;        

d. 
 Must proactively provide care coordination for members who have both behavioral health and physical health needs. The Contractor must meet regularly with the Regional Behavioral Health Authorities to improve and address
coordination of care issues. Meetings shall occur at least every other month or more frequently if needed to develop processes, implement interventions, and discuss outcomes. Care coordination meetings and staffings shall occur at least monthly or
more often as necessary to affect change; and        

e. 
 The Contractor must implement procedures to deliver primary care to and coordinate health care service for members. These procedures must ensure that each member has an ongoing source of primary care appropriate to his
or her needs and a person or entity formally designated as primarily responsible for coordinating the health care services furnished to the enrollee. [42 CFR 438.208(b)(1)].    
 The Contractor shall implement and report the following:      

Identify High Need/High Cost members for each Regional Behavioral Health Authority (RBHA) Geographic Service Area as specified in Section B, Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements in accordance with the
standardized criteria developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup;        

Plan interventions for addressing appropriate and timely care for these identified members; and        

Report outcome summaries to AHCCCS utilizing the standardized template developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.    

7. 
 Evaluate new medical technologies, and new uses of existing technologies; and        

8. 
 Disease Management or Chronic Care Program that reports results and provides for analysis of the program through the MM Committee.    
 AHCCCS will provide a new Contractor (including an Incumbent Contractor new to a GSA) with three years of historical Acute Care Program encounter data for
members enrolled with the Contractor as of December 1, 2013. Contractors should use this data to assist with identifying members in need of medical management.  
 On a recurring basis (no less than quarterly based on adjudication date), AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor an electronic file of claims and encounter data
for members enrolled with the Contractor who have received services, during the member s enrollment period, from another contractor or through AHCCCS FFS for purposes of member care coordination.  
 The Contractor shall develop a plan outlining short- and long-term strategies for improving care coordination using the physical and behavioral health care
data available for members with behavioral health needs. In addition, the Contractor shall develop an outcome measurement plan to track the progress of the strategies. The plan outlining the strategies for improving care coordination and the outcome
measurement must be reported in the annual MM Plan, Evaluation and Work Plan submitted to AHCCCS as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  
 The Contractor shall have a process to report MM data and management activities through a MM Committee. The Contractor s MM Committee will analyze the
data, make recommendations for action, monitor the effectiveness of actions and report these findings to the Committee. The Contractor shall have in effect mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with
special health care needs [42 CFR 438.240(b)(4)].  

The Contractor will assess, monitor and report quarterly through the MM Committee medical decisions to assure
compliance with timeliness, language, Notice of Action intent, and that the decisions comply with all Contractor coverage criteria. This includes quarterly evaluation of all Notice of Action decisions that are made by a subcontracted entity.  
 The Contractor shall maintain a written MM plan and Work Plan that addresses the monitoring of MM activities (AMPM Chapter 1000). The Plan and Work Plan must
be submitted for review within timelines specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      Criminal Justice System Reach-in Care
Coordination  : To facilitate the transition of members transitioning out of jails and prisons into communities, AHCCCS is engaged in a data exchange process that allows AHCCCS to suspend eligibility upon incarceration, rather than terminate
coverage. Upon the member s release, the member s AHCCCS eligibility is un-suspended allowing for immediate care coordination activities. To support this initiative the Contractor is required to participate in criminal justice system
 reach-in  care coordination efforts.    Effective October 1, 2016, the Contractor shall implement reach-in care coordination for members who
have been incarcerated in the adult correctional system for 30 days or longer, and have an anticipated release date. Reach-in care coordination activities shall begin upon knowledge of a member s anticipated release date. The Contractor shall
collaborate with criminal justice partners (e.g. Jails, Sherriff s Office, Correctional Health Services, Arizona Department of Corrections, including Community Supervision, Probation, Courts), to identify justice-involved members in the adult
criminal justice system with physical and/or behavioral health chronic and/or complex care needs prior to member s release. When behavioral health needs are identified, the Contractor shall also collaborate with the member s behavioral
health Contractor (if the member s care is not integrated).    For CYE17, the Contractor is required to submit a Reach-In Plan, due October 31,
2016. The Plan, at a minimum, must include the following:     Administrative Requirements :  

Designation of a Justice System Liaison who will be responsible for the reach-in initiative and who:        

Resides in Arizona,        

Is the single point of contact to communicate with justice systems and the RBHAs, if appropriate, and        

Is the interagency liaison with the Arizona Department of Corrections (ADOC), County Jails, Sherriff s Office, Correctional Health Services, Arizona Office of the Courts (AOC) and Probation Departments

Identification of the name(s) and contact information for all criminal justice system partner(s)        

Identification of the name(s) and contact information for RBHA partner(s) for purposes of coordinating care for both physical and behavioral health needs    

Description of the process for coordination with Maricopa County jail, if appropriate, for identification of those members in probation status    

Designation of parameters for identification of members requiring reach-in care coordination (e.g. definition of chronic and/or complex care needs) through agreement with reach-in partners    

Description of the process and timeframes for communicating with reach-in partners        

Description of the process and timeframes for initiating communication with reach-in members        

Description of methodology for assessment of anticipated cost savings to include analysis of medical expense for these identified members prior to incarceration and subsequent to reach in activities and release.
      Care Coordination Requirements :      

Develop process for identification of members meeting the established parameters for reach-in care coordination (chronic and/or complex care needs). The Contractor must utilize the 834 file data provided to the
Contractor by AHCCCS to assist with identification of members. The Contractor may also use additional data if available for this purpose.    

Strategies for providing member education regarding care, services, resources, appointment information and health plan case management contact information    

Requirements for scheduling of initial appointments with appropriate provider(s) based on member needs; appointment to occur within 7 days of member release    

Strategies regarding ongoing follow up with the member after release from incarceration to assist with accessing and scheduling necessary services as identified in the member s care plan    

Should re-incarceration occur, strategies to reengage member and maintain care coordination        

Strategies to improve appropriate utilization of services        

Strategies to reduce recidivism within the member population        

Strategies to address social determinants of health      Beginning CYE18, the Contractor shall report the Reach-In
Plan to AHCCCS in the annual Medical Management Plan and report outcome summaries in the Medical Management Evaluation, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. In addition, AHCCCS may run performance metrics such as
emergency room utilization, inpatient utilization, reduction in recidivism and other access to care measures for the population to monitor care coordination activities and effectiveness.  
 The Contractor must notify AHCCCS upon becoming aware that a member may be an inmate of a public institution when the member s enrollment has not been
suspended, and will receive a file from AHCCCS as specified in Section D, Paragraph 55, Capitation Adjustment.      Outreach to Service Members,
Veterans and Families  : The Contractor shall partner with community organizations which provide care and support for service members, veterans and families. Utilizing a collaborative approach, the Contractor shall identify members who may
benefit from outreach regarding available programs and services and shall develop and implement outreach activities which inform members and families of the benefits available and how to access those services. The Contractor shall train staff on the
available community resources and appropriate actions to take to ensure members are afforded the ability to be connected to these resources. The Contractor shall report its activities regarding these services in the annual Medical Management Plan
and Work Plan, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      Engaging Members through Technology  : The Contractor shall
engage its membership through web based applications. The Contractor shall identify populations who can benefit from web based applications used to assist members with self-management of health care needs such as, chronic conditions, pregnancy, or
other health related topics the Contractor considers to be most beneficial to members. The Contractor shall submit an executive summary to AHCCCS, DHCM, Medical Management Unit by December 1, 2016 to include at a minimum:  

a. 
 Criteria for identifying at least 10% of the Contractor s members who can benefit from web based applications,        

b. 
 Listing of identified population(s),        

c. 
 Description of web applications in development or being utilized to engage members,        

d. 
 Strategies used to engage the identified members in the use of the web applications, and        

e. 
 Description of desired outcomes        Monitoring Controlled and Non-Controlled Medication
Utilization  : The Contractor must engage in activities to monitor controlled and non-controlled medication use as outlined in AMPM Policy 310-FF to ensure members receive clinically appropriate prescriptions. The Contractor is required to
report to AHCCCS, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, a Pharmacy and/or Prescriber - Member Assignment report which includes the number of members which on the date of the report are restricted to using a specific
Pharmacy or Prescriber/Providers due to excessive use of prescriptive medications (narcotics and non-narcotics).  

Inappropriate Emergency Department Utilization  : The Contractor must identify and track members
who utilize Emergency Department (ED) services inappropriately four or more times within a six month period. Interventions must be implemented to educate the member on the appropriate use of the ED and divert members to the right care in the
appropriate place of service. The Contractor shall submit a semi-annual report as specified in AMPM Policy 1020 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  
   Transplant Services and Immunosuppressant Medications  : AHCCCS covers medically necessary transplantation services and related immunosuppressant
medications in accordance with Federal and State law and regulations. The Contractor shall not make payments for organ transplants not provided for in the State Plan except as otherwise required pursuant to 42 USC 1396 (d)(r)(5) for persons
receiving services under EPSDT. The Contractor must follow the written standards that provide for similarly situated individuals to be treated alike and for any restriction on facilities or practitioners to be consistent with the accessibility of
high quality care to enrollees per Sections (1903(i) and 1903(i)(1)) of the Social Security Act. Refer to the AMPM, Chapter 300, Exhibit 310-DD and the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual. xii 

25.  
  TELEPHONE PERFORMANCE STANDARDS       The Contractor must meet and maintain established telephone performance
standards to ensure member and provider satisfaction as specified in ACOM Policy 435. The Contractor shall report on compliance with these standards as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables and the policy identified above. All
reported data is subject to validation through periodic audits and/or operational reviews.      

26.  
  GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM       The Contractor shall have in place a written Grievance and Appeal System
process for subcontractors, enrollees and non-contracted providers, which define their rights regarding disputed matters with the Contractor. The Contractor s Grievance and Appeal System for enrollees includes a grievance process (the
procedures for addressing enrollee grievances), an appeals process and access to the State s fair hearing process as outlined in Attachment F1, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards. The Contractor s dispute process for
subcontractors and non-contracted providers includes a claim dispute process and access to the State s fair hearing process as outlined in Attachment F2, Provider Claim Dispute Standards. The Contractor shall remain responsible for compliance
with all requirements set forth in Attachments F1, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards, F2, Provider Claim Dispute Standards, and 42 CFR Part 438 Subpart F.  
 Information to enrollees must meet cultural competency and limited English proficiency requirements as specified in Section D, Paragraph 18, Member
Information and Paragraph 20, Cultural Competency.    The Contractor shall provide the appropriate professional, paraprofessional and clerical personnel for
the representation of the Contractor in all issues relating to the Grievance and Appeal System and any other matters arising under this contract which rise to the level of administrative hearing or a judicial proceeding. Unless there is an agreement
with the State in advance, the Contractor shall be responsible for all attorney fees and costs awarded to the claimant in a judicial proceeding.    The
Contractor may delegate the Grievance and Appeal System process to subcontractors, however, the Contractor must ensure that the delegated entity complies with applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including, but not limited to
42 CFR Part 438 Subpart F. The Contractor shall remain responsible for compliance with all requirements. The Contractor shall also ensure that it timely provides written information to both enrollees and providers, which clearly explains the
Grievance and Appeal System requirements. This information must include a description of: the right to a State fair hearing, the method for obtaining a State fair hearing, the rules that govern representation at the hearing, the right to file
grievances, appeals and claim disputes, the requirements and timeframes for filing grievances, appeals and claim disputes, the availability of assistance in the filing process, the toll-free numbers that the enrollee can use to file a

grievance or appeal by phone, that benefits will continue when requested by the enrollee in an appeal or State fair hearing request concerning certain actions which are timely filed, that the
enrollee may be required to pay the cost of services furnished during the appeal/hearing process if the final decision is adverse to the enrollee, and that a provider may file an appeal on behalf of an enrollee with the enrollee s written
consent.    The Contractor must provide reports on the Grievance and Appeal System as required in the AHCCCS Grievance and Appeal System Reporting Guide
available on the AHCCCS website. See also Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      

27.  
  NETWORK DEVELOPMENT       The Contractor shall develop and maintain a provider network that is supported by
written agreements which is sufficient to provide all covered services to AHCCCS members, including covered behavioral health services for adult dual members receiving general mental health and substance abuse services. The Contractor shall ensure
covered services are reasonably accessible in terms of location and hours of operation. The Contractor must provide a comprehensive provider network that ensures its membership has access at least equal to community norms. Services shall be as
accessible to AHCCCS members in terms of timeliness, amount, duration and scope as those services are available to non-AHCCCS persons within the same service area [42 CFR 438.210(a)(2)]. The Contractor is encouraged to have available non-emergent
after-hours physician or primary care services within its network. If the Contractor s network is unable to provide medically necessary services required under contract, the Contractor must adequately and timely cover these services through an
out of network provider until a network provider is contracted. The Contractor shall ensure coordination with respect to authorization and payment issues in these circumstances [42 CFR 438.206(b)(4) and (5)]. The Contractor is expected to develop a
provider network that supports the provision of covered behavioral health services for adult dual members receiving general mental health and substance abuse services. The Contractor may not subcontract for or delegate to another entity for the
delivery of behavioral health services.    The Contractor is expected to design a network that provides a geographically convenient flow of patients among
network providers to maximize member choice. The provider network shall be designed to reflect the needs and service requirements of AHCCCS  culturally and linguistically diverse member population. The Contractor shall design its provider
networks to maximize the availability of community based primary care and specialty care access and that reduces utilization of emergency services, one day hospital admissions, hospital based outpatient surgeries when lower cost surgery centers are
available, and hospitalization for preventable medical problems.    There shall be sufficient personnel for the provision of covered services, including
emergency medical care on a 24-hour-a-day, seven-days-a-week basis [42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iii)].    The Contractor shall develop and maintain a Provider
Network Development and Management Plan which ensures that the provision of covered services will occur as stated above [42 CFR 438.207(b)]. The requirements for the Network Development and Management Plan are found in ACOM Policy 415. The Network
Development and Management Plan shall be evaluated, updated annually and submitted to AHCCCS as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The submission of the network management and development plan to AHCCCS is an assurance of
the adequacy and sufficiency of the Contractor s provider network. The Contractor shall also submit, as needed, an assurance when there has been a significant change in operations that would affect adequate capacity and services. These changes
would include, but would not be limited to, changes in services, covered benefits, geographic service areas, payments or eligibility of a new population.  
 In accordance with the requirements specified in ACOM Policy 436 the network shall be sufficient to provide covered services within designated time and
distance limits. This includes a network such that 90% of its members residing within Pima and Maricopa counties do not have to travel more than 15 minutes or 10 miles to visit a PCP, dentist or pharmacy, unless accessing those services through a
Multi-Specialty Interdisciplinary Clinic (MSIC). The Contractor must obtain hospital contracts as specified in ACOM Policy 436.  

AHCCCS may impose sanctions for material deficiencies in the Contractor s provider network.  
 The Contractor shall not discriminate with respect to participation in the AHCCCS program, reimbursement or indemnification against any provider based solely
on the provider s type of licensure or certification [42 CFR 438.12(a)(1)(2)]. In addition, the Contractor must not discriminate against particular providers that service high-risk populations or specialize in conditions that require costly
treatment [42 CFR 438.214(c)]. This provision, however, does not prohibit the Contractor from limiting provider participation to the extent necessary to meet the needs of the Contractor s members. This provision also does not interfere with
measures established by the Contractor to control costs and quality consistent with its responsibilities under this contract nor does it preclude the Contractor from using different reimbursement amounts for different specialists or for different
practitioners in the same specialty [42 CFR 438.12(b)(1)]. If a Contractor declines to include individuals or groups of providers in its network, it must give the affected providers timely written notice of the reason for its decision [42 CFR
438.12(a)(1)]. The Contractor may not include providers excluded from participation in Federal health care programs, under either section 1128 or section 1128A of the Social Security Act [42 CFR 438.214(d)].  
 MSICs are established facilities providing interdisciplinary services for members with qualifying CRS conditions and are under contract with the CRS
Contractor. Contractors are encouraged to contract with MSICs for specialty care. Pediatric specialists that work in the MSIC are in limited quantity in Arizona. Contracting with the MSICs provides Contractors an opportunity to increase access to
these pediatric specialists.    The Contractor must pay all AHCCCS registered Arizona Early Intervention Program (AzEIP) providers, regardless of their
contract status with the Contractor, when Individual Family Service Plans identify and meet the requirement for medically necessary EPSDT covered services. Refer to AMPM Chapter 400, Exhibit 430-3. AHCCCS has developed an AzEIP Speech Therapy Fee
Schedule and rates incorporating one procedure code, along with related modifiers, settings, and group sizes. The Contractor shall utilize this methodology and these rates for payment for the speech therapy procedure when provided to an AHCCCS
member who is a child identified in the AHCCCS system as an AzEIP recipient.    The Contractor is also encouraged to develop non-financial incentive
programs to increase participation in its provider network.    AHCCCS is committed to workforce development and support of the medical residency and dental
student training programs in the State of Arizona. AHCCCS expects the Contractor to support these efforts. AHCCCS encourages plans to contract with or otherwise support the many Graduate Medical Education (GME) Residency Training Programs currently
operating in the State and to investigate opportunities for resident participation in Contractor medical management and committee activities. In the event of a contract termination between the Contractor and a GME Residency Training Program or
training site, the Contractor may not remove members from that program in such a manner so as to harm the stability of the program. AHCCCS reserves the right to determine what constitutes risk to the program. Further, the Contractor must attempt to
contract with graduating residents and providers that are opening new practices in, or relocating to, Arizona, especially in rural or underserved areas.  
   Homeless Clinics  : Contractors in Maricopa and Pima County must contract with homeless clinics at the AHCCCS Fee-For-Service rate for Primary
Care services. Contracts must stipulate that:      

1. 
 Only those members who request a homeless clinic as a PCP may be assigned to them; and        

2. 
 Members assigned to a homeless clinic may be referred out-of-network for needed specialty services.    

The Contractor must make resources available to assist homeless clinics with administrative issues such as
obtaining prior authorization, and resolving claims issues.      

28.  
  PROVIDER AFFILIATION TRANSMISSION       The Contractor must submit information quarterly regarding its
provider network. This information must be submitted in the format described in the Provider Affiliation Transmission (PAT) User Manual which can be found on the AHCCCS website. The Contractor shall also validate its compliance with minimum network
requirements against the network information provided in the PAT through the submission of a completed Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template (see ACOM Policy 436 for Template). The PAT and the Minimum Network Requirements Verification
Template must be submitted as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      
   The Contractor shall have policies on how the Contractor will [AMPM, 42 CFR
438.214(a)]:      

a. 
 Communicate with the network regarding contractual and/or program changes and requirements;        

b. 
 Monitor network compliance with policies and rules of AHCCCS and the Contractor, including compliance with all policies and procedures related to the grievance/appeal processes and ensuring the member s care is not
compromised during the grievance/appeal processes;        

c. 
 Evaluate the quality of services delivered by the network;        

d. 
 Provide or arrange for medically necessary covered services should the network become temporarily insufficient within the contracted service area;    

e. 
 Monitor the adequacy, accessibility and availability of its provider network to meet the needs of its members, including the provision of care to members with limited proficiency in English;    

f. 
 Process provisional credentials;        

g. 
 Recruit, select, credential, re-credential and contract with providers in a manner that incorporates quality management, utilization, office audits and provider profiling;    

h. 
 Provide training for its providers and maintain records of such training;        

i. 
 Track and trend provider inquiries/complaints/requests for information and take systemic action as necessary and appropriate; and        

j. 
 Ensure that provider calls are acknowledged within three business days of receipt, resolved and/or state the result communicated to the provider within 30 business days of receipt (this includes referrals from AHCCCS).
     Contractor policies shall be subject to approval by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management, and shall be monitored through operational
audits.    The Contractor shall hold a Provider Forum no less than semi-annually. The forum must be chaired by the Contractor s Administrator/CEO or
designee. The purpose of the forum is to improve communication between the Contractor and its providers. The forum shall be open to all providers including dental providers. The Provider Forum shall not be the only venue for the Contractor to
communicate and participate in the issues affecting the provider network. Provider Forum meeting agendas and minutes must be made available to AHCCCS upon request. The Contractor shall report information discussed during these Forums to Executive
Management within the organization.      Material Change to Provider Network  : The Contractor is responsible for evaluating all provider network
changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and determining whether those changes are material changes to the Contractor s provider network [42 CFR 438.207 (c)]. All material changes to the provider network must be approved in advance
by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. A material change to the provider network is defined as one that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance and/or provider network standards
as described in this contract including, but not limited to, any change that would cause or is likely to cause more than 5% of members in a GSA to change the location where services are received or rendered.  

The Contractor must submit the request for approval of a material change to the provider network with
information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the Contractor s plans for maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM Policy
439 and as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. AHCCCS will review and respond to the Contractor within 30 days of the submission. A material change in the Contractor s provider network requires 30 days advance written
notice from the Contractor to members and providers. In the event unforeseen circumstances prevent the Contractor from providing 30 days advance written notice to members and providers, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS within one business day of
identifying the material change to the provider network for AHCCCS determination of notification requirements.    For emergency situations, AHCCCS will
expedite the approval process.    The requirements regarding material changes to the provider network do not apply to the contract negotiation process
between the Contractor and a provider.    See Section D, Paragraph 44, regarding material changes by the Contractor that may impact business operations. See
Section D, Paragraph 55, Capitation Adjustments regarding material changes by the Contractor that may impact capitation rates.    The Contractor shall give
hospitals and provider groups 90 days  notice prior to a contract termination without cause. Contracts between the Contractor and single practitioners are exempt from this requirement.  
   Provider/Network Changes Report  : The Contractor must submit a Quarterly Provider/Network Changes Due to Rates Report as described in ACOM Policy
415 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      

30.  
  PRIMARY CARE PROVIDER STANDARDS       The Contractor shall include in its provider network a sufficient
number of Primary Care Providers (PCPs) to meet the requirements of this contract. Health care providers designated by the Contractor as PCPs shall be licensed in Arizona as allopathic or osteopathic physicians who generally specialize in family
practice, internal medicine, obstetrics, gynecology, or pediatrics; certified nurse practitioners or certified nurse midwives; or physician s assistants [42 CFR 438.206(b)(2)].  
 The Contractor shall assess the PCP s ability to meet AHCCCS appointment availability and other standards when determining the appropriate number of its
members to be assigned to a PCP. The Contractor shall adjust the size of a PCP s panel, as needed, for the PCP to meet AHCCCS appointment and clinical performance standards. AHCCCS shall inform the Contractor when a PCP has a panel of more than
1,800 AHCCCS members, to assist in the assessment of the size of their panel. This information will be provided on a quarterly basis.    The Contractor
shall have a system in place to monitor and ensure that each member is assigned to an individual PCP and that the Contractor s data regarding PCP assignments is current. The Contractor is encouraged to assign members with complex medical
conditions, who are age 12 and younger, to board certified pediatricians. PCPs with assigned members diagnosed with AIDS or as HIV positive, shall meet criteria and standards set forth in the AMPM.  
 The Contractor shall ensure that providers serving EPSDT-aged members utilize AHCCCS-approved EPSDT Tracking forms and standardized developmental screening
tools and are trained in the use of the tools.  

EPSDT-aged members shall be assigned to providers who are trained on and who use AHCCCS approved
developmental screening tools.    The Contractor shall offer members freedom of choice within its network in selecting a PCP consistent with 42 CFR 438.6(m)
and 438.52(d) and this contract. Any American Indian who is enrolled with the Contractor and who is eligible to receive services from a participating I/T/U provider may elect that I/T/U as his or her primary care provider, if that I/T/U participates
in the network as a primary care provider and has capacity to provide the services per ARRA Section 5006(d) and SMD letter 10-001). xiii  The Contractor may restrict this choice when a member
has shown an inability to form a relationship with a PCP, as evidenced by frequent changes, or when there is a medically necessary reason. When a new member has been assigned to the Contractor, the Contractor shall inform the member in writing of
his enrollment and of his PCP assignment within 12 business days of the Contractor s receipt of notification of assignment by AHCCCS. See ACOM Policy 404 for member information requirements.  
 At a minimum, the Contractor shall hold the PCP responsible for the following activities [42 CFR 438.208(b)(1)]:  

a. 
 Supervising, coordinating and providing care to each assigned member (except for well woman exams and children s dental services when provided without a PCP referral);    

b. 
 Initiating referrals for medically necessary specialty care;        

c. 
 Maintaining continuity of care for each assigned member;        

d. 
 Maintaining the member s medical record, including documentation of all services provided to the member by the PCP, as well as any specialty or referral services including behavioral health;    

e. 
 Utilizing the AHCCCS approved EPSDT Tracking form;        

f. 
 Providing clinical information regarding member s health and medications to the treating provider (including behavioral health providers) within 10 business days of a request from the provider; and

g. 
 If serving children, for enrolling as a Vaccines for Children (VFC) provider.      The Contractor shall establish
and implement policies and procedures to monitor PCP activities and to ensure that PCPs are adequately notified of, and receive documentation regarding, specialty and referral services provided to assigned members by specialty physicians, and other
health care professionals.      

31.  
  MATERNITY CARE PROVIDER STANDARDS       The Contractor shall ensure that a maternity care provider is
designated for each pregnant member for the duration of her pregnancy and postpartum care and that those maternity services are provided in accordance with the AMPM. The Contractor may include in its provider network the following maternity care
providers:      

a. 
 Arizona licensed allopathic and/or osteopathic physicians who are obstetricians or general practice/family practice providers who provide maternity care services    

b. 
 Physician Assistants        

c. 
 Nurse Practitioners        

d. 
 Certified Nurse Midwives        

e. 
 Licensed Midwives      Pregnant members may choose, or be assigned, a PCP who provides obstetrical care. Such
assignment shall be consistent with the freedom of choice requirements for selecting health care professionals while ensuring that the continuity of care is not compromised. Members receiving maternity services from a certified nurse midwife or a
licensed midwife must also be assigned to a PCP for other health care and medical services. A certified nurse midwife may provide primary care services that he or she is willing to provide and that the member elects to receive from the certified
nurse midwife. Members receiving care from a certified nurse midwife may elect to receive some or all of her primary care from the assigned PCP. Licensed midwives may not provide any additional medical services as primary care is not within their
scope of practice.  

All physicians and certified nurse midwives who perform deliveries shall have hospital privileges for
obstetrical services. Practitioners performing deliveries in alternate settings shall have a documented hospital coverage agreement. Licensed midwives perform deliveries only in the member s home. Labor and delivery services may be provided in
the member s home by physicians, nurse practitioners, and certified nurse midwives who include such services within their practice.      

32.  
  REFERRAL MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES AND STANDARDS       The Contractor shall have adequate written procedures
regarding referrals to specialists, to include, at a minimum, the following:    Use of referral forms clearly identifying the Contractor;  

a. 
 A process in place that ensures the member s PCP receives all specialist and consulting reports and a process to ensure PCP follow-up of all referrals including EPSDT referrals for behavioral health services;

b. 
 A referral plan for any member who is about to lose eligibility and who requests information on low-cost or no-cost health care services;    

c. 
 Referral to Medicare;        

d. 
 Women shall have direct access to in-network gynecological providers, including physicians, physician assistants and nurse practitioners within the scope of their practice [42 CFR 438.206(b)(2)];    

e. 
 For members with special health care needs determined to need a specialized course of treatment or regular care monitoring, the Contractor must have a mechanism in place to allow such members to directly access a
specialist (for example through a standing referral or an approved number of visits) as appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs; and        

f. 
 Allow for a second opinion from a qualified health care professional within the network, or if one is not available in network, arrange for the member to obtain one outside the network, at no cost to the member [42 CFR
438.206(b)(3)].      The Contractor shall comply with all applicable physician referral requirements and conditions defined in Sections 1903(s)
and 1877 of the Social Security Act and their implementing regulations which include, but are not limited to, 42 CFR Part 411, Part 424, Part 435 and Part 455. Sections 1903(s) and 1877 of the Act prohibits physicians from making referrals for
designated health services to health care entities with which the physician or a member of the physician s family has a financial relationship. Designated health services include:  

a. 
 Clinical laboratory services        

b. 
 Physical therapy services        

c. 
 Occupational therapy services        

d. 
 Radiology services        

e. 
 Radiation therapy services and supplies        

f. 
 Durable medical equipment and supplies        

g. 
 Parenteral and enteral nutrients, equipment and supplies        

h. 
 Prosthetics, orthotics and prosthetic devices and supplies        

i. 
 Home health services        

j. 
 Outpatient prescription drugs        

k. 
 Inpatient and outpatient hospital services           

33.  
  APPOINTMENT STANDARDS       The Contractor shall actively monitor and track provider compliance with
appointment availability standards as required in ACOM Policy 417 [42 CFR 438.206]. The Contractor shall ensure that providers offer a range of appointment availability, per appointment timeliness standards, for intakes and ongoing services based
upon the clinical need of the member. The exclusive use of same-day only appointment scheduling and/or open access is prohibited within the contractor s network. The Contractor is required on a quarterly basis to conduct review of the
availability of the below listed providers in sufficient quantity to ensure results are meaningful and representative of the Contractor s network as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  

For purposes of this section,  urgent  is defined as an acute, but not necessarily life-threatening
disorder, which, if not attended to, could endanger the patient s health. The Contractor shall have procedures in place that ensure the following standards are met.  
 For   Primary Care Provider Appointments  , the Contractor shall be able to provide:  

a. 
 Immediate Need appointments the same day or within 24 hours of the member s phone call or other notification        

b. 
 Urgent care appointments within 2 days of request        

c. 
 Routine care appointments within 21 days of request      For   Specialty Provider Referrals  , the
Contractor shall be able to provide:      

a. 
 Immediate Need appointments within 24 hours of referral        

b. 
 Urgent care appointments within 3 days of referral        

c. 
 Routine care appointments within 45 days of referral      For   Dental Provider Appointments  , the
Contractor shall be able to provide:      

a. 
 Immediate Need appointments within 24 hours of request        

b. 
 Urgent care appointments within 3 days of request        

c. 
 Routine care appointments within 45 days of request      For   Maternity Care Provider Appointments  ,
the Contractor shall be able to provide initial prenatal care appointments for enrolled pregnant members as follows:      

a. 
 First trimester - within 14 days of request        

b. 
 Second trimester - within 7 days of request        

c. 
 Third trimester - within 3 days of request        

d. 
 High risk pregnancies - within 3 days of identification of high risk by the Contractor or maternity care provider, or immediately if an emergency exists    
   ADULT DUAL MEMBERS RECEIVING GENERAL MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE SERVICES    
 For   Behavioral Health Provider Appointments  , the Contractor shall be able to provide:  

a. 
 Immediate Need appointments within 24 hours of the referral or request        

b. 
 Routine Care Appointments:        

Initial assessment within 7 days of referral        

The first behavioral health service following the initial assessment within the timeframe indicated by the behavioral health condition, but no later than 23 days after the initial assessment    

All subsequent behavioral health services within the timeframe indicated by the behavioral health condition, but no later than 45 days from identification of need    
 For   Referrals for Psychotropic Medications  :      

a. 
 Assess the urgency of the need  immediately         

b. 
 For Psychotropic Medications the Contractor shall provide:        

An appointment, if clinically indicated, with a Behavioral Health Medical Professional within a timeframe that ensures the member a) does not run out of needed medications; or b) does not decline in his/her behavioral
health condition prior to starting medication, but no later than 30 days from the identification of need.    

For wait time in the office ,  the Contractor shall actively monitor and ensure that a member s
waiting time for a scheduled appointment at the PCP s or specialist s office is no more than 45 minutes, except when the provider is unavailable due to an emergency.  
 For medically necessary non-emergent transportation ,  the Contractor shall schedule transportation so that the member arrives on time for the
appointment, but no sooner than one hour before the appointment; nor have to wait more than one hour after the conclusion of the treatment for transportation home; nor be picked up prior to the completion of treatment. Also see Section D, Paragraph
11, Special Health Care Needs. The Contractor must develop and implement a quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards above for all subcontracted transportation vendors/brokers and require corrective action if
standards are not met.    The Contractor must use the results of appointment standards monitoring to assure adequate appointment availability in order to
reduce unnecessary emergency department utilization. The Contractor is also encouraged to contract with or employ the services of non-emergency facilities to address member non-emergency care issues occurring after regular office hours or on
weekends.    The Contractor shall establish processes to monitor and reduce the appointment  no-show  rate by provider and service type. As best
practices are identified, AHCCCS may require implementation by the Contractor.    The Contractor shall have written policies and procedures about educating
its provider network regarding appointment time requirements. The Contractor must develop a corrective action plan when appointment standards are not met. In addition, the Contractor must develop a corrective action plan in conjunction with the
provider when appropriate [42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iv), (v) and (vi)]. Appointment standards shall be included in the Provider Manual. The Contractor is encouraged to include the standards in the provider subcontracts.  

34.  
  FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTERS AND RURAL HEALTH CLINICS       The Contractor is encouraged to use
Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics (FQHCs/RHCs) and FQHC Look-Alikes in Arizona to provide covered services. FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes are paid unique, cost-based Prospective Payment System (PPS) rates for non-pharmacy
ambulatory Medicaid-covered services. The PPS rate is an all-inclusive per visit rate. xiv     To ensure
compliance with the requirement of 42 USC 1396b(m)(2)(A)(ix) that the Contractor s payments, in aggregate, will not be less than the level and amount of payment which the Contractor would make for the services if the services were furnished by
a provider which is not a FQHC or RHC: xv       

1. 
 For dates of service from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015, the Contractor shall negotiate rates of payment with FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for non-pharmacy ambulatory services that are comparable
to the rates paid to providers that provide similar services.        

2. 
 For dates of service on and after April 1, 2015, the Contractor shall pay the unique PPS rates, or negotiate sub-capitated agreements comparable to the unique PPS rates, to FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for
PPS-eligible visits.      AHCCCS reserves the right to review a Contractor s rates with an FQHC/RHC and FQHC Look-Alikes for reasonableness
and to require adjustments when rates are found to be substantially less than those being paid to other, non-FQHC/RHC/FQHC Look-Alikes providers for comparable services, or not equal to or substantially less than the PPS rates.  

The Contractor may be required to submit member information for Title XIX and Title XXI members for each
FQHC/RHC/FQHC Look-Alikes as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. AHCCCS will perform periodic audits of the member information submitted. The Contractor should refer to the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for Acute Care
Contractors with the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System for further guidance. The FQHCs/RHCs/FQHC Look-Alikes registered with AHCCCS are listed on the AHCCCS website.  
 See Section D, Scope of Services Paragraph 10, Prescription Medications for more information related to 340B Drug Pricing.  
   
   The Contractor shall develop, distribute and maintain a provider manual as described in
ACOM Policy 416.      

36.  
  PROVIDER REGISTRATION       The Contractor shall ensure that all of its subcontractors register with AHCCCS
as an approved service provider. For specific requirements on Provider Registration refer to the AHCCCS website.    The National Provider Identifier (NPI)
is required on all claim submissions and subsequent encounters from providers who are eligible for an NPI. The Contractor shall work with providers to obtain their NPI.  
 Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise specified in a contract between a Contractor and a provider, the AHCCCS Fee-For-Service provisions
referenced in the AHCCCS Provider Participation Agreement located on the AHCCCS website (e.g. billing requirements, coding standards, payment rates) are in force between the provider and Contractor.  
   
   The Contractor shall be legally responsible for contract performance whether or not
subcontracts are used [42 CFR 438.230(a) and 434.6(c)]. No subcontract shall operate to terminate the legal responsibility of the Contractor to assure that all activities carried out by the subcontractor conform to the provisions of this contract.
The Contractor shall be held fully liable for the performance of all contract requirements and shall develop and maintain a system for regular and periodic assessment of all subcontractors  compliance with its terms. Subject to such conditions,
any function required to be provided by the Contractor pursuant to this contract may be subcontracted to a qualified person or organization [42 CFR 438.6]. All such subcontracts must be in writing [42 CFR 438.6(l)]. All subcontracts entered into by
the Contractor are subject to prior review and written approval by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management, and shall incorporate by reference the applicable terms and conditions of this contract.  
 Before entering into a subcontract which delegates duties or responsibilities to a subcontractor the Contractor must evaluate the prospective
subcontractor s ability to perform the activities to be delegated. If the Contractor delegates duties or responsibilities then the Contractor shall establish a written agreement that specifies the activities and reporting responsibilities
delegated to the subcontractor. The written agreement shall also provide for revoking delegation or imposing other sanctions if the subcontractor s performance is inadequate. The Contractor s local CEO must retain the authority to direct
and prioritize any delegated contract requirements. In order to determine adequate performance, the Contractor shall monitor the subcontractor s performance on an ongoing basis and subject it to formal review at least annually or more
frequently if requested by AHCCCS. As a result of the performance review, any deficiencies must be communicated to the subcontractor in order to establish a corrective action plan [42 CFR 438.230(b)]. The results of the performance review and the
correction plan shall be communicated to AHCCCS upon completion.  

The Contractor shall maintain a fully executed original or electronic copy of all subcontracts, which shall
be accessible to AHCCCS within five business days of the request by AHCCCS. All requested subcontracts must have full disclosure of all terms and conditions and must fully disclose all financial or other requested information. Information may be
designated as confidential but may not be withheld from AHCCCS as proprietary. Information designated as confidential may not be disclosed by AHCCCS without the prior written consent of the Contractor except as required by law. All subcontracts
shall comply with the applicable provisions of Federal and State laws, regulations and policies.    AHCCCS may, at its discretion, communicate directly with
the governing body or Parent Corporation of the Contractor regarding the performance of a subcontractor or Contractor respectively.      Minimum
Subcontract Provisions  : All subcontracts must reference and require compliance with the Minimum Subcontract Provisions. See Minimum Subcontract Provisions on the AHCCCS Website.  
 In addition, each subcontract must contain the following:      

1. 
 Full disclosure of the method and amount of compensation or other consideration to be received by the subcontractor;        

2. 
 Identification of the name and address of the subcontractor;        

3. 
 Identification of the population, to include patient capacity, to be covered by the subcontractor;        

4. 
 The amount, duration and scope of medical services to be provided, and for which compensation will be paid;        

5. 
 The term of the subcontract including beginning and ending dates, methods of extension, termination and re-negotiation;        

6. 
 The specific duties of the subcontractor relating to coordination of benefits and determination of third-party liability;        

7. 
 A provision that the subcontractor agrees to identify Medicare and other third-party liability coverage and to seek such Medicare or third party liability payment before submitting claims to the Contractor;

8. 
 A description of the subcontractor s patient, medical, dental and cost record keeping system;        

9. 
 Specification that the subcontractor shall cooperate with quality management programs, and comply with the utilization control and review procedures specified in 42 CFR Part 456, as specified in the AMPM;

10. 
 A provision stating that a merger, reorganization or change in ownership of an Administrative Services subcontractor of the Contractor shall require a contract amendment and prior approval of AHCCCS;    

11. 
 A provision that indicates that AHCCCS is responsible for enrollment, re-enrollment and disenrollment of the covered population;        

12. 
 A provision that the subcontractor shall be fully responsible for all tax obligations, Worker s Compensation Insurance, and all other applicable insurance coverage obligations which arise under this subcontract,
for itself and its employees, and that AHCCCS shall have no responsibility or liability for any such taxes or insurance coverage;        

13. 
 A provision that the subcontractor must obtain any necessary authorization from the Contractor or AHCCCS for services provided to eligible and/or enrolled members;    

14. 
 A provision that the subcontractor must comply with encounter reporting and claims submission requirements as described in the subcontract;    

15. 
 Provision(s) that allow the Contractor to suspend, deny, refuse to renew or terminate any subcontractor in accordance with the terms of this contract and applicable law and regulation;    

16. 
 A provision that the subcontractor may provide the member with factual information, but is prohibited from recommending or steering a member in the member s selection of a Contractor; and    

17. 
 A provision that compensation to individuals or entities that conduct utilization management and concurrent review activities is not structured so as to provide incentives for the individual or entity to deny, limit or
discontinue medically necessary services to any enrollee [42 CFR 438.210(e)].    

In the event of a modification to the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions the Contractor shall issue a
notification of the change to its subcontractors within 30 days of the published change and ensure amendment of affected subcontracts. Affected subcontracts shall be amended on their regular renewal schedule or within six calendar months of the
update, whichever comes first. See also ACOM Policy 416.      Administrative Services Subcontracts  : Administrative Services subcontracts shall
be submitted to AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management for prior approval as specified in ACOM Policy 438 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. If at any time during the period of the subcontract, the subcontractor is found to be
in non-compliance, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS as specified in ACOM Policy 438 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The Contractor will submit this in writing and provide the corrective action plan and any measures taken by
the Contractor to bring the subcontractor into compliance.    The Contractor must submit an annual Administrative Services Subcontractor Evaluation Report
as specified in ACOM Policy 438 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The report shall include any findings of subcontract non-compliance and any corrective action plans and/or measures taken by the Contractor to bring the
subcontractor into compliance.    The Contractor shall require Administrative Services Subcontractors to adhere to screening and disclosure requirements as
described in Paragraph 62, Corporate Compliance.    A merger, acquisition, reorganization or change in ownership of an Administrative Services subcontractor
of the Contractor requires prior approval of AHCCCS, as outlined in ACOM Policy 438.    AHCCCS will not permit one organization to own or manage more than
one contract within the same program in the same GSA.      Provider Agreements  : The Contractor shall not include covenant-not-to-compete
requirements in its provider agreements. Specifically, the Contractor shall not contract with a provider and require that the provider not provide services for any other AHCCCS Contractor. In addition, the Contractor shall not enter into
subcontracts that contain compensation terms that discourage providers from serving any specific eligibility category.    The Contractor must make
reasonable efforts to enter into a written agreement with any provider providing services at the request of the Contractor more than 25 times during the previous contract year and/or are anticipated to continue providing services for the Contractor.
The Contractor must follow ACOM Policy 415 and consider the repeated use of providers operating without a written agreement when assessing the adequacy of its network.  
 For all subcontracts in which the Contractor and subcontractor have a capitated arrangement/risk sharing arrangement, the following provision must be included
verbatim in every contract:    If  the Subcontractor  does not bill  the Contractor ,   the subcontractor s  encounter
data that is required to be submitted to  the Contractor  pursuant to contract is defined for these purposes as a  claim for payment .  The Subcontractor s  provision of any service results in a  claim for
payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said claims shall be subject to review under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute (A.R.S.)
 36-2918,  36-2932, and  36-2957.      

38.  
  CLAIMS PAYMENT/HEALTH INFORMATION SYSTEM       The Contractor shall develop and maintain claims processes and
systems that ensure the accurate collection and processing of claims, analysis, integration, and reporting of data. These processes and systems shall result in information on areas including, but not limited to, service utilization, claim disputes
and appeals [42 CFR 438.242(a)].  

General Claims Processing Requirements   
 The Contractor must include nationally recognized methodologies to correctly pay claims including but not limited to:  

a. 
 Medicaid National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI) for Professional, ASC and Outpatient services        

b. 
 Multiple Procedure/Surgical Reductions        

c. 
 Global Day E   M Bundling standards      The Contractor s claims payment system must be able to assess
and/or apply data related edits including but not limited to:      

a. 
 Benefit Package Variations        

b. 
 Timeliness Standards        

c. 
 Data Accuracy        

d. 
 Adherence to AHCCCS Policy        

e. 
 Provider Qualifications        

f. 
 Member Eligibility and Enrollment        

g. 
 Over-Utilization Standards      The Contractor must produce a remittance advice related to the Contractor s
payments and/or denials to providers and each must include at a minimum:      

a. 
 The reason(s) for denials and adjustments        

b. 
 A detailed explanation/description of all denials, payments and adjustments        

c. 
 The amount billed        

d. 
 The amount paid        

e. 
 Application of COB and copays        

f. 
 Provider rights for claim disputes      Additionally, the Contractor must include information in its remittance
advice which informs providers of instructions and timeframes for the submission of claim disputes and corrected claims. All paper remittance advices must describe this information in detail. Electronic remittance advices must either direct
providers to the link where this information is explained or include a supplemental file where this information is explained.    The related remittance
advice must be sent with the payment, unless the payment is made by electronic funds transfer (EFT). Any remittance advice related to an EFT must be sent to the provider, no later than the date of the EFT. See Section D, Paragraph 64, Systems and
Data Exchange Requirements, for specific standards related to remittance advice and EFT payment.    AHCCCS requires the Contractor to attend and participate
in AHCCCS workgroups including Technical Consortium meetings to review upcoming initiatives and other technical issues.    Per A.R.S.  36-2904, unless
a shorter time period is specified in contract, the Contractor shall not pay a claim initially submitted more than six months after the date of service or date of eligibility posting whichever is later, or pay a clean claim submitted more than 12
months after date of service or date of eligibility posting, whichever is later; except as directed by AHCCCS or otherwise noted in this contract. Regardless of any subcontract with an AHCCCS Contractor, when one AHCCCS Contractor recoups a claim
because the claim is the payment responsibility of another AHCCCS Contractor (responsible Contractor), the provider may file a claim for payment with the responsible Contractor. The responsible Contractor shall not deny a claim on the basis of lack
of timely filing if the provider submits a clean claim to the responsible Contractor no later than 60 days from the date of the recoupment, 12 months from the date of service, or 12 months from date that eligibility is posted, whichever date is
later.    Claim payment requirements pertain to both contracted and non-contracted providers. The receipt date of the claim is the date stamp on the claim
or the date electronically received. The receipt date is the day the claim is  

received at the Contractor s specified claim mailing address, received through direct electronic submission to the Contractor, or received by the Contractor s designated Clearinghouse.
The paid date of the claim is the date on the check or other form of payment [42 CFR 447.45(d)]. Claims submission deadlines shall be calculated from the claim end date of service, inpatient claim date of discharge or the effective date of
eligibility posting, whichever is later as stated in A.R.S.  36-2904. Additionally, unless a subcontract specifies otherwise, the Contractor shall ensure that for each form type (Dental/Professional/Institutional), 95% of all clean claims are
adjudicated within 30 days of receipt of the clean claim and 99% are adjudicated within 60 days of receipt of the clean claim.    In accordance with the
Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, Section 6085, SMD letter 06-010, and Section 1932 (b)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act, the Contractor is required to reimburse non-contracted emergency services providers at the AHCCCS Fee-For-Service rate.
This applies to in State as well as out of State providers. xvi     In accordance with A.R.S.
 36-2904 the Contractor is required to reimburse providers of hospital and non hospital services at the AHCCCS fee schedule in the absence of a contract or negotiated rate. This requirement applies to services which are directed out of network
by the Contractor or to emergency services. For inpatient stays at urban hospitals pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2905.01 for non-emergency services, the Contractor is required to reimburse non-contracted providers at 95% of the AHCCCS fee schedule
specified in A.R.S.  36-2903.01. All payments are subject to other limitations that apply, such as provider registration, prior authorization, medical necessity, and covered service.  
 The Contractor is required to reimburse providers for previously denied or recouped claims if the provider was subsequently denied payment by the primary
insurer based on timely filing limits or lack of prior authorization and the member failed to initially disclose additional insurance coverage other than AHCCCS.  
 The provider shall have 90 days from the date they become aware that payment will not be made to submit a new claim to the Contractor which includes the
documentation from the primary insurer that payment will not be made. Documentation includes but is not limited to any of the following items establishing that the primary insurer has or would deny payment based on timely filing limits or lack of
prior authorization; an EOB, policy or procedure, Provider Manual excerpt, etc.    For hospital clean claims, in the absence of a contract specifying
otherwise, a Contractor shall apply a quick pay discount of 1% on claims paid within 30 days of receipt of the clean claim. For hospital clean claims, in the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a Contractor is required to pay
slow payment penalties (interest) on payments made after 60 day of receipt of the clean claim. Interest shall be paid at the rate of 1% per month for each month or portion of a month from the 61st day until the date of payment (A.R.S.
 36-2903.01).    For all non-hospital clean claims, in the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a Contractor is required to pay
interest on payments made after 45 days of receipt of the clean claim (as defined in this contract). Interest shall be at the rate of 10% per annum (prorated daily) from the 46 th  day until
the date of payment.    In the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a claim for an authorized service submitted by a licensed skilled
nursing facility, assisted living ALTCS provider or a home and community based ALTCS provider shall be adjudicated within 30 calendar days after receipt by the Contractor. A Contractor is required to pay interest on payments made after 30 days of
receipt of the clean claim. Interest shall be paid at the rate of 1% per month (prorated on a daily basis) from the date the clean claim is received until the date of payment (A.R.S.  36- 2943.D).  
 The Contractor shall pay interest on all claim disputes as appropriate based on the date of the receipt of the original clean claim submission (not the claim
dispute).  

When interest is paid, the Contractor must report the interest as directed in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual and
the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide .      See ACOM Policy 203 for additional information regarding requirements for the adjudication and
payment of claims.      Recoupments  : The Contractor s claims processes, as well as its prior authorization and concurrent review process,
must minimize the likelihood of having to recoup already-paid claims.    Any individual recoupment in excess of $50,000 per provider, or Tax Identification
Number within a contract year or greater than 12 months after the date of the original payment must be approved as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables and as further described in ACOM Policy 412.  
 When recoupment amounts for a Provider TIN cumulatively exceed $50,000 during a contract year (based on recoupment date), the Contractor must report the
cumulative recoupment monthly to the designated AHCCCS Operations and Compliance Officer as outlined in the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  
 The Contractor must void encounters for claims that are recouped in full. For recoupments that result in a reduced claim value or adjustments that result in
an increased claim value, replacement encounters must be submitted. AHCCCS may validate the submission of applicable voids and replacement encounters upon completion of any approved recoupment that meets the qualifications of this section. All
replaced or voided encounters must reach adjudicated status within 120 days of the approval of the recoupment. The Contractor should refer to ACOM Policy 412 and AHCCCS Encounter Manual for further guidance.  
   Appeals  : If the Contractor or a Director s Decision reverses a decision to deny, limit, or delay authorization of services, and the member
received the disputed services while an appeal was pending, the Contractor shall process a claim for payment from the provider in a manner consistent with the Contractor s or Director s Decision and applicable statutes, rules, policies,
and contract terms. The provider shall have 90 days from the date of the reversed decision to submit a clean claim to the Contractor for payment. For all claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision, the Contractor is prohibited from denying
claims for untimeliness if they are submitted within the 90 day timeframe. The Contractor is also prohibited from denying claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision because the member failed to request continuation of services during the
appeals/hearing process: a member s failure to request continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process is not a valid basis to deny the claim.  
   ICD-10 Readiness  : In 2009 the Federal government published the final regulation that adopted the ICD-10 code sets as HIPAA standards (45 CFR
162.1002). As HIPAA covered entities, State Medicaid programs must comply with use of the ICD-10 code sets by the deadline established by CMS. The compliance date published in the final rule is October 1, 2013. However, in 2014 the compliance
effective date was further delayed to October 1, 2015, though AHCCCS did not amend its requirement that the Contractor be ready to implement ICD-10 effective October 1, 2014.  
   Claims Processing Related Reporting  : The Contractor shall submit a monthly Claims Dashboard as specified in the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard
Reporting Guide and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.    AHCCCS may require the Contractor to review claim requirements, including billing
rules and documentation requirements, and submit a report to AHCCCS that will include the rationale for specified requirements. AHCCCS shall determine and provide a format for the reporting of this data at the time of the request.  

Claims System Audits  : The Contractor shall develop and implement an internal ongoing claims
audit function that will include, at a minimum, the following:      

a. 
 Verification that provider contracts are loaded correctly        

b. 
 Accuracy of payments against provider contract terms      Audits of provider contract terms must be performed on a
regular and periodic basis and consist of a random, statistically significant sampling of all contracts in effect at the time of the audit. The audit sampling methodology must be documented in policy and the Contractor should review the contract
loading of both large groups and individual practitioners at least once every five year period in addition to any time a contract change is initiated during that timeframe. The findings of the audits described above must be documented and any
deficiencies noted in the resulting reports must be met with corrective action.    In addition, in the event of a system change or upgrade, as specified in
Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, the Contractor may also be required to initiate an independent audit of the Claim Payment/Health Information System. The Division of Health Care Management will approve the scope of this audit, and
may include areas such as a verification of eligibility and enrollment information loading, contract information management (contract loading and auditing), claims processing and encounter submission processes, and will require a copy of the final
audit findings.      Recovery Audit Contractor Audits  : A Recovery Audit Contractor (RAC) is a private entity that is contracted to identify
underpayments and overpayments, and to recoup overpayments made to providers. The Affordable Care Act of 2010 required States to establish Medicaid RAC programs. CMS promulgated rules regarding the implementation of the Medicaid RAC requirements (42
CFR 455.500 et seq.), including the provision that Medicaid RACs are only required to review Fee-For-Service claims until a permanent Medicare managed care RAC program is fully operational or a viable State managed care model is identified and CMS
undertakes rules regarding managed care RAC efforts.    AHCCCS is exploring what opportunities may exist in the marketplace regarding a methodology for
conducting a recovery audit of its services delivered through its managed care contracts (excluding reinsurance). The Contractor shall participate in any RAC activities mandated by AHCCCS, via contract amendment or policy, upon determination of the
method of approach.      

39.  
  SPECIALTY CONTRACTS       AHCCCS may at any time negotiate or contract on behalf of the Contractor and AHCCCS
for specialized hospital and medical services. AHCCCS will consider existing Contractor resources in the development and execution of specialty contracts. AHCCCS may require the Contractor to modify its delivery network to accommodate the provisions
of specialty contracts. AHCCCS may consider waiving this requirement in particular situations if such action is determined to be in the best interest of the State; however, in no case shall reimbursement exceeding that payable under the relevant
AHCCCS specialty contract be considered in capitation rate development or risk sharing arrangements, including reinsurance.    During the term of specialty
contracts, AHCCCS may act as an intermediary between the Contractor and specialty Contractors to enhance the cost effectiveness of service delivery, medical management, and adjudication of claims related to payments provided under specialty
contracts shall remain the responsibility of the Contractor. AHCCCS may provide technical assistance prior to the implementation of any specialty contracts.  
 AHCCCS has specialty contracts, including but not limited to, transplant services, anti-hemophilic agents and pharmaceutical related services. AHCCCS shall
provide at least 60 days advance written notice to the Contractor prior to the implementation of any specialty contract.  

40.  
  HOSPITAL SUBCONTRACTING AND REIMBURSEMENT       In the absence of a contract between the Contractor and a
hospital providing otherwise, the Contractor shall reimburse hospitals for inpatient and outpatient hospital services as required by A.R.S.   36-2904 and 2905.01, and 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7, which includes without limitation: reimbursement
of the majority of inpatient hospital services with discharge dates on and after October 1, 2014, using the APR-DRG payment methodology in A.A.C. R9-22-712.60 through A.A.C. R9-22-712.81; reimbursement of limited inpatient hospital services
with discharge dates on and after October 1, 2014, using per diem rates described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61; and, in Pima and Maricopa Counties, payment to non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services.
   The Contractor is encouraged to obtain subcontracts with hospitals in all GSAs. A Contractor serving out-of-state border communities (excluding Mexico)
is strongly encouraged to establish contractual agreements with those out-of-state hospitals in counties that are identified by GSA in ACOM Policy 436. The Contractor, upon request, shall make available to AHCCCS, all hospital subcontracts and
amendments.    The Contractor may conduct prepayment, concurrent and post-payment medical reviews of all hospital claims including outlier claims.
Erroneously paid claims may be subject to recoupment. If the Contractor fails to identify lack of medical necessity through prepayment and/or concurrent medical review, lack of medical necessity shall not constitute a basis for recoupment of paid
hospital claims, including outlier claims, unless the Contractor identifies the lack of medical necessity through a post-payment medical review of information that the Contractor could not have discovered during a prepayment and/or concurrent
medical review through the exercise of due diligence. The Contractor shall comply with Section D, Paragraph 38, Claims Payment/Health Information System.  
 For information on Value Based Purchasing Differential Adjusted Payments see Paragraph 76, Value-Based Purchasing.  

41.  
  RESPONSIBILITY FOR NURSING FACILITY REIMBURSEMENT       The Contractor shall provide medically necessary
nursing facility services as outlined in Section D, Paragraph 10, Scope of Services. The Contractor shall also provide medically necessary nursing facility services for any enrolled member who has a pending ALTCS application who is currently
residing in a nursing facility and is eligible for services provided under this contract. If the member becomes ALTCS eligible and is enrolled with an ALTCS Contractor before the end of the maximum 90 days per contract year of nursing facility
coverage, the Contractor is only responsible for nursing facility reimbursement during the time the member is enrolled with the Contractor as shown in the PMMIS. Nursing facility services covered by another liable party (including Medicare) while
the member is enrolled with the Contractor, shall be applied to the 90 day per contract year limitation.    The Contractor shall not deny nursing facility
services when the member s eligibility, including prior period coverage, had not been posted at the time of admission. In such situations the Contractor shall impose reasonable authorization requirements. There is no ALTCS enrollment, including
prior period coverage that occurs concurrently with AHCCCS acute enrollment.    The Contractor shall notify the Assistant Director of the Division of Member
Services when a member has been residing in a nursing facility, alternative residential facility or receiving home and community based services for 45 days as specified in Section D, Paragraph 10, Scope of Services, under the heading  Nursing
Facility.  This will allow AHCCCS time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS application and to consider potential Fee-For-Service coverage if the stay goes beyond the 90 day per contract year maximum.  
 For information on Value Based Purchasing Differential Adjusted Payments see Paragraph 87, Value-Based Purchasing.  

42.  
  INCENTIVES/PAY FOR PERFORMANCE        Physician Incentives   
 The Contractor must comply with all applicable physician incentive requirements and conditions defined in 42 CFR 417.479. These regulations prohibit physician
incentive plans that directly or indirectly make payments to a doctor or a group as an inducement to limit or refuse medically necessary services to a member. The reporting requirements under 42 CFR 417.479 have been suspended. No reporting to CMS
is required until the suspension is lifted.    The Contractor shall disclose to AHCCCS the information on physician incentive plans listed in 42 CFR
417.479(h)(1) through 417.479(i) upon request from AHCCCS or CMS and to AHCCCS members who request them. AHCCCS shall also review the Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) deliverables required under Section D, Paragraph 76, and may request supplemental
information from the Contractor in fulfillment of the requirements in 42 CFR 417.479(h)(1) through 417.479(i).    The Contractor shall not enter into
contractual arrangements that place providers at substantial financial risk as defined in 42 CFR 417.479 unless specifically approved in advance by the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. In order to obtain approval when the contractual
arrangements meet the definition of substantial financial risk, the following must be submitted to the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management 45 days prior to the implementation of the contract as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of
Deliverables, [42 CFR 438.6(g)]:      

1. 
 The type of incentive arrangement        

2. 
 A plan for the member satisfaction survey;        

3. 
 Details of the stop-loss protection provided;        

4. 
 A summary of the compensation arrangement that meets the substantial financial risk definition; and        

5. 
 Any other items as requested by AHCCCS      Any Contractor-selected and/or developed pay for performance
initiative that meets the requirements of 42 CFR 417.479 must be approved by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management prior to implementation as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  
 The Contractor shall also comply with all physician incentive plan requirements as set forth in 42 CFR 422.208, 422.210 and 438.6(h). These regulations apply
to contract arrangements with subcontracted entities that provide utilization management services.      

43.  
  MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT AND COST ALLOCATION PLAN       If a Contractor has subcontracted for management
services, the management service agreement must be approved in advance by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. If there is a cost allocation plan as part of the management services agreement, it is subject to review by AHCCCS as specified in
Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. AHCCCS reserves the right to perform a thorough review of actual management fees charged and/or corporate allocations made.  
 If there is a change in ownership of the entity with which the Contractor has contracted for management services, AHCCCS must review and provide prior
approval of the assignment of the subcontract to the new owner. AHCCCS may offer open enrollment to the members assigned to the Contractor should a change in ownership occur. AHCCCS will not permit two Acute Care Contractors to utilize the same
management service company in the same GSA.    The performance of management service subcontractors must be evaluated and included in the Annual
Subcontractor Assignment and Evaluation Report required by Section D, Paragraph 37, Subcontracts and as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  

44.  
  MATERIAL CHANGE TO BUSINESS OPERATIONS       The Contractor is responsible for evaluating all operational
changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and determining whether those changes are material changes to the Contractor s business operations [42 CFR 438.207 (c)]. All material changes to the business operations must be approved in
advance by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. A material change to business operations is defined as any change in overall business operations (e.g., policy, process, protocol, such as prior authorization or retrospective review) that
affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as described in this contract including, but not limited to, any changes that would impact or is likely to impact more than 5% of total
membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.    The Contractor must submit the request for approval of a material change to business operations
with information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the Contractor s plans for maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM
Policy 439 and as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. AHCCCS will respond to the Contractor within 30 days of the submission. A material change in the Contractor s business operations requires 30 days advance written
notice to providers and members. For emergency situations, AHCCCS will expedite the approval process.    The Contractor may be required to conduct meetings
with providers to address issues (or to provide general information, technical assistance, etc.) related to Federal and State requirements, changes in policy, reimbursement matters, prior authorization and other matters as identified or requested by
the AHCCCS.    See Section D, Paragraph 29, regarding material changes by the Contractor that may impact the provider network.  
 See Section D, Paragraph 64, for additional submission requirements regarding system changes and upgrades.  

45.  
  MINIMUM CAPITALIZATION       The Contractor is required to meet a minimum capitalization requirement within
30 days after contract award. Details regarding this requirement are included in AHCCCS  solicitation, released prior to the expiration of the current contract period. Once the new contract period commences, the minimum capitalization may be
applied to the Contractor s equity per member standard, which continues throughout the contract period. See Section D, Paragraph 50, Financial Viability Standards.      

46.  
  PERFORMANCE BOND OR BOND SUBSTITUTE       In addition to the minimum capitalization requirements, the
Contractor shall be required to establish and maintain a performance bond for as long as the Contractor has liabilities of $50,000 or more outstanding, or 15 months following the termination date of this contract, whichever is later, to guarantee:
1) payment of the Contractor s obligations to providers, and 2) performance by the Contractor of its obligations under this contract [42 CFR 438.116]. The Performance Bond shall be in a form acceptable to AHCCCS. See ACOM Policy 305.  
 In the event of a default by the Contractor, AHCCCS shall, in addition to any other remedies it may have under this contract, obtain payment under the
Performance Bond or substitute security for the purposes of the following:      

a. 
 Paying any damages sustained by providers, non-contracting providers and non-providers by reason of a breach of the Contractor s obligations under this contract;    

b. 
 Reimbursing AHCCCS for any payments made by AHCCCS on behalf of the Contractor; and        

c. 
 Reimbursing AHCCCS for any extraordinary administrative expenses incurred by reason of a breach of the Contractor s obligations under this contract, including, but not limited to, expenses incurred after
termination of this contract for reasons other than the convenience of the State by AHCCCS.    

In the event AHCCCS agrees to accept substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in ACOM
Policy 305 ,  the Contractor agrees to execute any and all documents and perform any and all acts necessary to secure and enforce AHCCCS  security interest in such substitute security including, but not limited to, security agreements and
necessary UCC filings pursuant to the Arizona Uniform Commercial Code. The Contractor must request approval from AHCCCS before a substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in ACOM Policy 305 is established. In the event such
substitute security is agreed to and accepted by AHCCCS, the Contractor acknowledges that it has granted AHCCCS a security interest in such substitute security to secure performance of its obligations under this contract. The Contractor is solely
responsible for establishing the credit-worthiness of all forms of substitute security. AHCCCS may, after written notice to the Contractor, withdraw its permission for substitute security, in which case the Contractor shall provide AHCCCS with a
form of security described in ACOM Policy 305.    The Contractor may not change the amount, duration or scope of the performance bond without prior written
approval from AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. The Contractor shall not leverage the bond for another loan or create other creditors using the bond as security.      

47.  
  AMOUNT OF PERFORMANCE BOND       The initial amount of the Performance Bond shall be equal to 100% of the
total capitation payment expected to be paid to the Contractor in the first month of the contract year, or as determined by AHCCCS. The total capitation amount (including delivery supplement) excludes premium tax. This requirement must be satisfied
by the Contractor no later than 30 days after notification by AHCCCS of the amount required. Thereafter, AHCCCS shall review the capitation amounts of the Contractor on a monthly basis to determine if the Performance Bond must be increased. The
Contractor shall have 30 days following notification by AHCCCS to increase the amount of the Performance Bond. The Performance Bond amount that must be maintained after the contract term shall be sufficient to cover all outstanding liabilities and
will be determined by AHCCCS. The Contractor may not change the amount of the performance bond without prior written approval from AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. Refer to ACOM Policy 305 for more details.  

48.  
  ACCUMULATED FUND DEFICIT       The Contractor and its owners must review for accumulated fund deficits on a
quarterly and annual basis. In the event the Contractor has a fund deficit, the Contractor and its owners shall fund the deficit through capital contributions in a form acceptable to AHCCCS. The capital contributions must be for the period in which
the deficit is reported and shall occur within 30 days of the financial statement due to AHCCCS. AHCCCS at its sole discretion may impose a different timeframe other than the 30 days required in this paragraph. AHCCCS may, at its option, impose
enrollment caps in any or all GSA s as a result of an accumulated deficit, even if unaudited.      

49.  
  ADVANCES, DISTRIBUTIONS, LOANS AND INVESTMENTS       The Contractor shall not, without the prior approval of
AHCCCS, make any advances, distributions, loans, loan guarantees, or investments, including, but not limited to those to related parties or affiliates including another fund or line of business within its organization. The Contractor shall not,
without prior approval of AHCCCS, make loans or advances to providers in excess of $50,000. All requests for prior approval are to be submitted to the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of
Deliverables. Refer to ACOM Policy 418 for further information.      

50.  
  FINANCIAL VIABILITY STANDARDS       The Contractor must comply with the AHCCCS-established financial
viability standards. On a quarterly basis, AHCCCS will review the following ratios with the purpose of monitoring the financial health of the Contractor: current ratio; equity per member; medical expense ratio; and the administrative cost
percentage. These same standards will be reviewed for the financial statements applicable to the Contractor s Medicare line of business if the Contractor is certified by AHCCCS.  

Sanctions may be imposed if the Contractor does not meet these financial viability standards. AHCCCS will
take into account the Contractor s unique programs for managing care and improving the health status of members when analyzing medical expense and administrative ratio results. However, if a critical combination of the financial viability
standards is not met, or if the Contractor s experience differs significantly from other Contractors, additional monitoring, such as monthly reporting, may be required.  
   FINANCIAL VIABILITY STANDARDS   Acute Care        

Current Ratio   
    
 Current assets divided by current liabilities.  Current assets  includes any long-term investments that can be converted to cash within 24 hours without significant penalty (i.e., greater than 20%).  

Standard: At least 1.00   

If current assets include a receivable from a parent company, the parent company must have liquid assets that support the amount of the inter-company loan.  

Equity per Member   
    
 Unrestricted equity, less on-balance sheet performance bond, divided by the number of members enrolled at the end of the period.  

Standard: At least     $170 for Contractors with enrollment   100,000   

$115 for Contractors with
enrollment of 100,000+   

Additional information regarding the Equity per Member requirement may be found in ACOM Policy 305.  

Medical Expense Ratio   
    
 Total medical expenses less TPL divided by the sum of total PPC and prospective capitation + Delivery Supplement + All Reconciliation Settlements + Reinsurance less premium tax  

Standard: At least 85%   

Administrative Cost Percentage   
    
 Total administrative expenses divided by the sum of total PPC and prospective capitation + Delivery Supplement + All Reconciliation Settlements + Reinsurance less premium tax  

Standard: No greater than 10%   

FINANCIAL VIABILITY STANDARD   Medicare Advantage Plan Certified by AHCCCS    

Equity per Member   
    
 Unrestricted equity, less on-balance sheet performance bond, divided by the number of Medicare Advantage Plan dual eligible members enrolled at the end of the period.  

Standard: At least $350   
   Additional information regarding the Equity per Member requirement may be found in ACOM Policy 313.  

The Contractor shall comply with all financial reporting requirements contained in Attachment F3, Contractor
Chart of Deliverables and the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for Acute Care Contractors, a copy of which may be found on the AHCCCS website. This reporting is required for both the Acute Care and Medicare lines of business, regardless of the
licensing or certifying entity for the Medicare Advantage Plan. If the Contractor is a Medicare Advantage Plan licensed through the Department of Insurance, quarterly reporting to AHCCCS is required for informational purposes only. The required
reports are subject to change during the contract term and are summarized in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. See ACOM Policy 305 for more detail.      

51.  
  SEPARATE INCORPORATION       Within 120 days of contract award, a non-governmental Contractor shall have
established a separate corporation for the purposes of this contract, whose sole activity is the performance of the requirements of this contract or other contracts with AHCCCS.  

52.  
  MERGER, ACQUISITION, REORGANIZATION, JOINT VENTURE AND CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP       A merger, acquisition,
reorganization, joint venture, and change in ownership of the Contractor shall require prior approval of AHCCCS, as specified in ACOM Policy 317 and Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The Contractor must submit notification and a
detailed transition plan to AHCCCS 180 days prior to the effective date as outlined in ACOM Policy 317. The purpose of the plan review is to ensure uninterrupted services to members, evaluate the new entity s ability to maintain and support the
contract requirements, and to ensure that services to members are not diminished and that major components of the organization and AHCCCS programs are not adversely affected by such merger, reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership.  
 A merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, and change in ownership of the Contractor may require a contract amendment. If the Contractor does not
obtain prior approval, or AHCCCS determines that a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership is not in the best interest of the State, AHCCCS may terminate this contract pursuant to Section E, Contract Terms and
Conditions, Paragraph 44, Temporary Management/Operation of a Contractor and Termination. AHCCCS may offer open enrollment to the members assigned to the Contractor should a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, or change in ownership
occur. AHCCCS will not permit one organization to own or manage more than one contract within the same program in the same GSA.      
   The method of compensation under this contract will be Prior Period Coverage (PPC)
capitation, prospective capitation, delivery supplement, and reinsurance, as described and defined within this contract and appropriate laws, regulations or policies.  
 Actuaries establish the capitation rates using practices established by the Actuarial Standards Board. AHCCCS provides the following data to its actuaries for
the purposes of rebasing and/or updating the capitation rates:      

a. 
 Utilization and unit cost data derived from adjudicated encounters        

b. 
 Both audited and unaudited financial statements reported by the Contractor        

c. 
 Market basket inflation trends        

d. 
 AHCCCS Fee-For-Service schedule pricing adjustments        

e. 
 Programmatic or Medicaid covered service changes that affect reimbursement        

f. 
 Other changes to medical practices or administrative requirements that affect reimbursement      AHCCCS adjusts
its rates to best match payment to risk. This further ensures the actuarial basis for the capitation rates. AHCCCS utilizes a national episodic/diagnostic risk adjustment model that will be applied to all prospective capitation rates for all risk
groups (excluding supplemental payments). AHCCCS  actuaries shall determine if Adults   106% FPL will or will not be included in risk adjustment. Additional risk factors that may be considered in capitation rate development include:  

a. 
 Reinsurance (as described in Section D, Paragraph 57, Reinsurance)    

b. 
 Age/Gender        

c. 
 Medicare enrollment        

d. 
 Delivery supplemental payment        

e. 
 Geographic Service Area adjustments        

f. 
 Risk sharing arrangements for specific populations        

g. 
 Member specific statistics, e.g. member acuity, member choice, member diagnosis, etc.      The above information
is reviewed by AHCCCS  actuaries in renewal years to determine if adjustments are necessary. A Contractor may cover services that are not covered under the State Plan or the Arizona Medicaid Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver Special Terms
and Conditions approved by CMS; however those services are not included in the data provided to actuaries for setting capitation rates [42 CFR 438.6(e)] (Section 1903(i) and 1903(i)(17) of the Social Security Act). xvii  Graduate Medical Education payments (GME) are not included in the capitation rates but paid out separately consistent with the terms of Arizona s State Plan. xviii  Likewise, because AHCCCS does not delegate any of its responsibilities for administering Electronic Health Record (EHR) incentive payments to the Contractor, EHR payments are also excluded from
the capitation rates and are paid out separately by AHCCCS pursuant to Section 4201 of the HITECH Act , 42 USC 1396b(t), and 42 CFR 495.300 et seq. xix   
 In instances in which AHCCCS has specialty contracts or legislation/policy limits the allowable reimbursement for certain services or pharmaceuticals, the
amount to be used in the capitation rate setting process and reconciliations will be the lesser of the contracted/mandated amount or the Contractor paid amount.  
   Prospective Capitation  : The Contractor will be paid capitation for all prospective member months, including partial member months. This
capitation includes the cost of providing medically necessary covered services to members during the prospective period coverage.      Prior Period
Coverage (PPC) Capitation  : Except for SOBRA Family Planning services, and KidsCare, the Contractor will be paid capitation for all PPC member months, including partial member months. This capitation includes the cost of providing medically
necessary covered services to members during prior period coverage. The PPC capitation rates will be set by AHCCCS and will be paid to the Contractor along with the prospective capitation described above. The Contractor will not receive PPC
capitation for newborns of members who are enrolled at the time of delivery. There is no PPC capitation for members enrolled with the Contractor who are initially found eligible for AHCCCS through Hospital Presumptive Eligibility. These members will
receive coverage of services during the PPC period through AHCCCS Fee-For-Service.      Reconciliation of Prospective Costs to Reimbursement  :
AHCCCS will reconcile the Contractor s prospective medical cost expenses to prospective net capitation paid to the Contractor. Refer to ACOM Policy 311 CYE 14 AND FORWARD for further details. This reconciliation will limit the Contractor s
profits and losses as follows:      

Reconciliation of PPC Costs to Reimbursement  : AHCCCS will reconcile the Contractor s PPC medical cost
expenses to PPC capitation paid to the Contractor during the year. This reconciliation will limit the Contractor s profits and losses to 2%. Any losses in excess of 2% will be reimbursed to the Contractor, and likewise, profits in excess of 2%
will be recouped. Refer to ACOM Policy 302 CYE 14 AND FORWARD for further details.      Reconciliation of Adult Group above 106% Federal Poverty Level
Costs to Reimbursement (   Adults   106%) : AHCCCS will reconcile the Contractor s Prospective and PPC medical cost expenses to Prospective and PPC capitation paid to the Contractor during the contract year for the Adults  
106%. This reconciliation will limit the Contractor s profits and losses to 1%. Any losses in excess of 1% will be reimbursed to the Contractor, and likewise, profits in excess of 1% will be recouped. Refer to ACOM Policy 316 CYE14 AND FORWARD
for further details.      Reconciliation of Value-Based Purchasing Initiative  : AHCCCS will settle the Contractor s quality contributions
and quality distributions through a reconciliation. Quality distributions in excess of quality contributions will be paid to the Contractor. Quality contributions in excess of quality distributions will be recouped from the Contractor. Value-Based
Purchasing (VBP) payments made by the Contractor to providers will be incorporated in the reconciliation. Refer to ACOM Policy 315 CYE16 for further details.  
   Cost Settlement for Primary Care Payment Parity  : The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor make enhanced
payments for primary care services delivered by, or under the supervision of, a physician with a specialty designation of family medicine, general internal medicine, or pediatric medicine. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR
447.400(a)] The Contractor shall base enhanced primary care payments on the Medicare Part B fee schedule rate or, if greater, the payment rate that would be applicable in 2013 and 2014 using the CY 2009 Medicare physician fee schedule conversion
factor. If no applicable rate is established by Medicare, the Contractor shall use the rate specified in a fee schedule established by CMS. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR 447.405] The Contractor shall make enhanced primary
care payments for all Medicaid-covered Evaluation and Management (E M) billing codes 99201 through 99499 and Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) vaccine administration codes 90460, 90461, 90471, 90472, 90473, and 90474, or their successor
codes. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR 447.405(c)] xx  AHCCCS has developed an enhanced fee schedule containing the qualifying codes using the 2009 Medicare conversion factor
in compliance with the greater-of requirement. The enhanced payments apply only to services provided on and after January 1, 2013 by qualified providers, who self-attest to AHCCCS as defined in the federal regulations. These reimbursement
requirements for the enhanced payments apply to payments made for dates of service January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2014. The Contractor shall reprocess all qualifying claims for qualifying providers back to January 1, 2013 dates
of service with no requirements that providers re-submit claims or initiate any action. The Contractor shall not apply any discounts to the enhanced rates.  
 In the event that a provider retroactively loses his/her qualification for enhanced payments, the Contractor shall identify impacted claims and automatically
reprocess for the recoupment of enhanced payments. It is expected that this reprocessing will be conducted by the Contractor without requirement of further action by the provider.  
 AHCCCS will make quarterly cost-settlement payments to the Contractor. The cost-settlement payment is a separate payment arrangement from the capitation
payment. (CMS Medicaid Managed Care Payment for PCP Services in 2013 and 2014: Technical Guide and Rate Setting Practices) Cost Settlement payments will be based upon adjudicated/approved encounter
data. xxi  This data will provide the necessary documentation to AHCCCS, sufficient to enable AHCCCS and CMS to ensure that primary care enhanced payments were made

to network providers. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi)(B)]  xxii  The Contractor will be required to refund payments to AHCCCS for
any reduced claim payments in the event that a provider is subsequently  decertified  for enhanced payments due to audit or other reasons.  
 Refer to ACOM Policy 207 for further details.      Delivery
Supplement  : When the Contractor has an enrolled woman who delivers during a prospective enrollment period, the Contractor will be entitled to a supplemental payment. Supplemental payments will not apply to women who deliver in a prior period
coverage time period, or State Only Transplant members. AHCCCS reserves the right at any time during the term of this contract to adjust the amount of this payment for women who deliver at home. See ACOM Policy 310.  
   Health Insurer Fee  : Section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor, if applicable, pay a
Health Insurer Assessment Fee (HIF) annually beginning in 2014 based on its respective market share of premium revenues from the preceding year. Subject to the receipt of documentation from the Contractor regarding the amount of the
Contractor s liability for the HIF, AHCCCS shall make a capitation rate adjustment consistent with a methodology approved by CMS to approximate the cost associated with the HIF. The cost of the Assessment Fee will include both the Assessment
Fee itself and the corporate income tax liability the Contractor incurs related to the Assessment Fee. The Contractor must submit the items specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables to the DHCM Finance Manager. See ACOM Policy 320
with further details.    For Fee Year 2017, the Federal Government has placed a suspension for HIF taxes that would be paid in 2017 based on
revenue received in 2016. Therefore, AHCCCS will suspend Contractor submission of the Form 8963, Report of Health Insurance Provider Information, and ACOM Policy 320, Attachment B, Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting Template, related to Fee Year
2017 due September 30, 2017. AHCCCS will not make HIF payments to the Contractor for fee year 2017. Additionally, AHCCCS will suspend Contractor submission of the copies of its federal and state filings for fee year 2017 due April 30,
2018.      State Only Transplants Option 1 and Option 2  : The Contractor will only be paid capitation for an administrative component for those
member months the member is enrolled with the Contractor. For Option 1 members the Contractor will be paid the administrative component up to a 12-month continuous period of extended eligibility. For Option 2 members the administrative component
will be paid for the period of time the transplant is scheduled or performed. All medically necessary covered services will be reimbursed 100% with no deductible through Reinsurance payments based on adjudicated encounters. Delivery supplemental
payments will not apply to women who deliver during the 12 month continuous period of extended eligibility specified as Option 1.      

54.  
  PAYMENTS TO CONTRACTORS       Subject to the availability of funds, AHCCCS shall make payments to the
Contractor in accordance with the terms of this contract provided that the Contractor s performance is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this contract. Payment must comply with requirements of A.R.S. Title 36. AHCCCS reserves the
option to make payments to the Contractor by wire or National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA) transfer and will provide the Contractor at least 30 days  notice prior to the effective date of any such change.  
 Where payments are made by electronic funds transfer, AHCCCS shall not be liable for any error or delay in transfer or indirect or consequential damages
arising from the use of the electronic funds transfer process. Any charges or expenses imposed by the bank for transfers or related actions shall be borne by the Contractor. Except for adjustments made to correct errors in payment, and as otherwise
specified in this contract, any savings remaining to the Contractor as a result of favorable claims experience and efficiencies in service delivery at the end of the contract term may be kept by the Contractor.  

All funds received by the Contractor pursuant to this contract shall be separately accounted for in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.    Except for monies received from the collection of third-party liabilities, the only source of
payment to the Contractor for the services provided hereunder is from funds under the control of the AHCCCS. An error discovered by the State, in the amount of fees paid to the Contractor, with or without an audit, will be subject to adjustment or
repayment by AHCCCS via a recoupment from future payment(s) to the Contractor, or by making an additional payment to the Contractor. When the Contractor identifies an overpayment, AHCCCS must be notified and reimbursed within 30 days of
identification.    No payment due the Contractor by AHCCCS may be assigned or pledged by the Contractor. This section shall not prohibit AHCCCS at its sole
option from making payment to a fiscal agent hired by the Contractor.      

55.  
  CAPITATION ADJUSTMENTS       Except for changes made specifically in accordance with this contract, the rates
set forth in Section B shall not be subject to re-negotiation during the contract period. AHCCCS may, at its option, review capitation rates to determine if a capitation adjustment is needed for reasons including, but not limited to, the following:

Program changes        

Legislative requirements        

Changes in trend assumptions        

Updated encounter experience        

Actuarial assumptions      If a capitation rate adjustment is determined necessary, the adjustment and assumptions
may be discussed with the Contractor prior to modifying capitation rates. The Contractor may request a review of a program change if it believes the program change was not equitable; AHCCCS will not unreasonably withhold such a review.  
 The Contractor is responsible for notifying AHCCCS of program and/or expenditure changes initiated by the Contractor during the contract period that may
result in material changes to the current or future capitation rates.      Contractor Default  : If the Contractor is in any manner in default in
the performance of any obligation under this contract, AHCCCS may, at its option and in addition to other available remedies, adjust the amount of payment until there is satisfactory resolution of the default.  
   Change in Member Status  : The Contractor shall reimburse AHCCCS and/or AHCCCS may deduct from future monthly capitation for any portion of a
month during which the Contractor was not at risk due to, for example:      

a. 
 Death of a member        

b. 
 Inmate of a public institution        

c. 
 Duplicate capitation to the same Contractor        

d. 
 Adjustment based on change in member s contract type        

e. 
 Voluntary withdrawal      AHCCCS reserves the right to modify its policy on capitation recoupments at any time
during the term of this Contract.      Inmate of a Public Institution Reporting  : Several counties are submitting daily files of all inmates
entering their jail and all inmates released. AHCCCS will match these files against the database of active AHCCCS members. AHCCCS members who become incarcerated will be disenrolled from their Contractor and placed in a  no-pay  status for
the duration of their incarceration or their eligibility period if shorter. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor with incarceration information for the member on the Contractor s 834 file. The file will indicate an  IE  code for
 ineligible  associated with the disenrollment. The file will also include a data element indicating  

the County of jurisdiction and  CTYPRI  as the new health plan of enrollment due to incarceration. Upon release from jail, the member will be enrolled using the current enrollment rules
and hierarchy as follows: SMI designation, Native American on reservation, re-enroll with their previous Contractor if less than 90 days from disenrollment, or enrollment choice or auto-assign if more than 90 days from disenrollment. A member is
eligible for covered services until the effective date of the member s  no-pay  status.    If the Contractor becomes aware of a member who
becomes an inmate of a public institution and who is not identified in the AHCCCS reporting above, the Contractor must notify AHCCCS for an eligibility determination. Notifications must be sent via email to the following email address:
 MCDUJustice@azahcccs.gov      Notifications must include:      

a. 
 AHCCCS ID        

b. 
 Name        

c. 
 Date of Birth (DOB)        

d. 
 When incarcerated        

e. 
 Where incarcerated      The Contractor does   not   need to report members incarcerated with the Arizona
Department of Corrections.      

56.  
  MEMBER BILLING AND LIABILITY FOR PAYMENT       AHCCCS registered providers may charge AHCCCS members for
services which are excluded from AHCCCS coverage or which are provided in excess of AHCCCS limits according to the guidelines set forth in A.A.C. R9-22-702.  
 The Contractor must ensure that members are not held liable for:      

a. 
 The Contractor s or any subcontractor s debts in the event of Contractor s or the subcontractor s insolvency [42 CFR 438.106(a)];    

Reinsurance is a stop-loss program provided by AHCCCS to the Contractor for the partial
reimbursement of covered medical services incurred for a member beyond an annual deductible level. AHCCCS is self-insured for the reinsurance program which is characterized by an initial deductible level and a subsequent coinsurance percentage. The
coinsurance percentage is the rate at which AHCCCS will reimburse the Contractor for covered services incurred above the deductible. The deductible is the responsibility of the Contractor. Deductible levels are subject to change by AHCCCS during the
term of this contract. Any change would have a corresponding impact on capitation rates. The reinsurance contract year is the year beginning on October 1 and ending on September 30. Refer to the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual for further
details on the Reinsurance Program.  

The table below represents deductible and coinsurance levels. See specific case types below for coverage
details.      

Reinsurance Case Type   
    
  Deductible  

Coinsurance  

Regular Reinsurance including reinsurance for dual eligible members with GMH/SA needs (See
specific details below)   
    
  $  
  25,000  

75  
  %    

Catastrophic Reinsurance   

NA  

85  
  %    
 
    Transplant and Other Case Types   

See specific paragraphs below  

See specific paragraphs below  
          
   Annual deductible levels apply to all members except for State Only Transplant. These deductible levels are subject to change
by AHCCCS during the term of this contract. Any change in deductible levels will have a corresponding impact on capitation rates.    PPC expenses are not
covered for any members under the reinsurance program unless they qualify under transplant reinsurance.     Reinsurance Case Types   
 For all reinsurance case types, in the instances in which AHCCCS has specialty contracts or legislation/policy limits the allowable reimbursement for certain
services or pharmaceuticals the amount to be used in the computation of reinsurance will be the lesser of the contracted/mandated amount or the Contractor paid amount.  
   Regular Reinsurance  : Regular reinsurance covers partial reimbursement of covered inpatient facility medical services. This coverage applies to
prospective enrollment periods. In certain situations as outlined in the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual, per diem rates paid for nursing facility services provided within 30 days of an acute hospital stay, including room and board, provided in
lieu of hospitalization for up to 90 days in any contract year shall be eligible for reinsurance coverage. Same-day admit-and-discharge services do not qualify for reinsurance. Regular reinsurance coverage for dual eligible members with GMH/SA needs
covers behavioral health services provided at inpatient acute facilities only; services provided by any other inpatient provider type, including but not limited to residential treatment centers and subacute facilities, are not eligible for
reinsurance reimbursement. See the Reinsurance Policy Manual for additional details.      Catastrophic Reinsurance  : The Catastrophic Reinsurance
program encompasses members receiving certain biotech drugs and those members diagnosed with hemophilia, von Willebrand s Disease or Gaucher s Disease, as follows:  
  Biotech Drugs:  Catastrophic reinsurance is available to cover the cost of certain biotech drugs when medically necessary. The biotech
drugs covered under reinsurance may be reviewed by AHCCCS at the start of each contract year. Refer to the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual for a complete list of the approved biotech drugs. When a generic equivalent of a biotech drug is available,
AHCCCS will reimburse at the lesser of the biotech drug or its generic equivalent for reinsurance purposes, unless the generic equivalent is contra-indicated for a specific member.  
  Hemophilia : Catastrophic reinsurance coverage is available for all members diagnosed with Hemophilia.  
  Von Willebrand s Disease : Catastrophic reinsurance coverage is available for all members diagnosed with von Willebrand s
Disease who are non-DDAVP responders and dependent on Plasma Factor VIII.  

Gaucher s Disease : Catastrophic reinsurance is available for members diagnosed
with Gaucher s Disease classified as Type I and are dependent on enzyme replacement therapy.    For additional detail and restrictions refer to the
AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual and the AMPM. There are no deductibles for catastrophic reinsurance cases. For member s receiving biotech drugs, AHCCCS will reimburse at 85% of the cost of the drug only. For those members diagnosed with
hemophilia, von Willebrand s Disease and Gaucher s Disease, all medically necessary covered services provided during the contract year shall be eligible for reimbursement at 85% of the AHCCCS allowed amount or the Contractor s paid
amount, whichever is lower, depending on the subcap/CN1 code indicated on the encounter.    AHCCCS holds a specialty contract for anti-hemophilic agents and
related services for hemophilia. The Contractor may access anti-hemophilic agents and related pharmaceutical services for hemophilia or von Willebrand s under the terms and conditions of the specialty contract for members enrolled in their
plans. In that instance, the Contractor is the authorizing payor. As such, the Contractor will provide prior authorization, care coordination, and reimbursement for all components covered under the contract for their members. A Contractor utilizing
the contract will comply with the terms and conditions of the contract. A Contractor may use the AHCCCS contract or contract with a provider of their choice. Reinsurance coverage for anti-hemophilic blood factors will be limited to 85% of the AHCCCS
contracted amount or the Contractor s paid amount, whichever is lower.    The Contractor must notify AHCCCS, DHCM Medical Management, of cases
identified for catastrophic reinsurance coverage, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. Catastrophic reinsurance will be paid for a maximum 30-day retroactive period from the date of notification to AHCCCS.  
 All catastrophic claims are subject to medical review by AHCCCS.  
   Transplant Reinsurance  : This program covers members who are eligible to receive covered major organ and tissue transplantation. Refer to the
AMPM and the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual for covered services for organ and tissue transplants. Reinsurance coverage for transplants received at an AHCCCS contracted facility is paid at the lesser of 85% of the AHCCCS contract amount for the
transplantation services rendered or 85% of the Contractor s paid amount. A new component for follow-up care post-transplant has been added to the transplant contracts. Reinsurance for these components will follow the regular reinsurance
reimbursement, including a deductible requirement. Reinsurance coverage for transplants received at a non-AHCCCS contracted facility is paid the lesser of 85% of the lowest AHCCCS contracted rate, for the same organ or tissue, or the Contractor paid
amount. The new follow-up care component will receive reinsurance coverage in accordance with regular reinsurance reimbursement, including a deductible requirement. The AHCCCS contracted transplantation rates may be found on the AHCCCS website. The
Contractor must notify AHCCCS, DHCM Medical Management when a member is referred to a transplant facility for evaluation for an AHCCCS-covered organ transplant. In order to qualify for reinsurance benefits, the notification must be received by
AHCCCS Medical Management within 30 days of referral to the transplant facility for evaluation.    If a Contractor intends to use an out of State transplant
facility for a covered transplant and AHCCCS already holds an in State contract for that transplant type, the Contractor must obtain prior approval from the AHCCCS Medical Director. If no prior approval is obtained, and the Contractor incurs costs
at the out of State facility, those costs will not be eligible for either transplant or regular reinsurance.      Option 1 and Option 2 Transplant
Services  : Reinsurance coverage for State Only Option 1 and Option 2 members (as described in Section D, Paragraph 2, Eligibility Categories) for transplants received at an AHCCCS contracted facility is paid at the lesser of 100% of the
AHCCCS contract amount for the transplantation services rendered, or the Contractor paid amount, less the transplant share of cost. For transplants received at a facility not contracted with AHCCCS, payment is made at the lesser of 100% of the
lowest AHCCCS contracted amount for the transplantation services rendered, or the Contractor paid amount, less the transplant share of cost. All Option 1 and Option 2 transplants are subject to the terms regarding out of

State transplants set forth above and in the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual. The AHCCCS contracted transplantation rates may be found on the AHCCCS website. When a member is referred to a
transplant facility for evaluation for an AHCCCS-covered organ transplant, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS, DHCM Medical Management as specified in the AMPM Chapter 300.  
  Option 1 Non-transplant Reinsurance   :   All medically necessary covered services provided to Option 1 members, unrelated to
the transplant, shall be eligible for reimbursement, with no deductible, at 100% of the Contractor s paid amount based on adjudicated encounters.  
   Other Reinsurance  : For all reinsurance case types other than transplants, the Contractor will be reimbursed 100% for all medically necessary
covered expenses provided in a contract year, after the Contractor paid amount in the reinsurance case reaches $650,000. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to notify AHCCCS, DHCM, Reinsurance Supervisor, once a reinsurance case reaches
$650,000. Failure to notify AHCCCS or failure to adjudicate encounters appropriately within 15 months from the end date or service will disqualify the related encounters for 100% reimbursement consideration.  
  Encounter Submission and Payments for Reinsurance   
   Encounter Submission  : All reinsurance associated encounters, except as provided below for  Disputed Matters,  must reach a clean claim
status within 15 months from the end date of service, or date of eligibility posting, whichever is later.    Encounters for claims which cross over contract
years will not be eligible for reinsurance.    AHCCCS will not pay reinsurance on encounters for interim claims. The final claim submitted by a hospital
associated with the full length of the patient stay will be eligible for reinsurance consideration as long as the days of the hospital stay do not cross contract years.  
 AHCCCS will not pay reinsurance on encounters containing any PPC for regular, catastrophic and other reinsurance case types. Splitting claims for the purpose
of separating PPC from prospective enrollment is not permitted.      Disputed Matters  : For encounters which are the subject of a member appeal,
provider claim dispute, or other legal action, including an informal resolution originating from a request for a formal claim dispute or member appeal, the Contractor has the greater of: 1) 90 days from the date of the final decision in that
proceeding/action or 2) 15 months from the end date of service/date of eligibility posting to file the reinsurance claim AND for the reinsurance claim to reach clean claim status. Therefore, reinsurance claims for disputed matters will be considered
timely if the Contractor files such claims in clean claim status no later than 90 days from the date of the final decision in that proceeding/action even though the 15 month deadline has expired.  
 Failure to submit encounters in clean claim status within the applicable timeframes specified above will result in the denial of reinsurance. The association
of an encounter to a reinsurance case does not automatically qualify the encounter for reinsurance reimbursement.    The Contractor must void encounters for
any claims that are recouped in full. For recoupments that result in a reduced claim value or any adjustments that result in an increased claim value, replacement encounters must be submitted. See the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual for further
details .  The Contractor should refer to Section D, Paragraph 65, Encounter Data Reporting, for additional encounter reporting requirements.  
   Payment of Regular and Catastrophic Reinsurance Cases  : AHCCCS will reimburse a Contractor for costs incurred in excess of the applicable
deductible level, subject to coinsurance percentages and Medicare/TPL payment, less any applicable quick pay discounts, slow payment penalties and interest. Amounts in excess of the deductible level shall be paid based upon costs paid by the
Contractor, minus the coinsurance and Medicare/TPL payment, unless the costs are paid under a subcapitated arrangement. In subcapitated  

arrangements, AHCCCS shall base reimbursement of reinsurance encounters on the lower of the AHCCCS allowed amount or the reported health plan paid amount, minus the coinsurance and Medicare/TPL
payment and applicable quick pay discounts, slow payment penalties and interest.    When a member with an annual enrollment choice changes Contractors
within a contract year, for reinsurance purposes, costs incurred for that member do not follow the member to the receiving Contractor. Encounters from the Contractor the member is leaving (for dates of service within the current contract year) will
not be applied toward the receiving Contractor s deductible level. For further details regarding this policy and other reinsurance policies refer to the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual.  
     Payment of Transplant Reinsurance Cases    : Reinsurance benefits are based upon the lower of the AHCCCS contract amount or the
Contractor s paid amount, subject to coinsurance percentages. The Contractor is required to submit all supporting encounters for transplant services. Reinsurance payments are linked to transplant encounter submissions. In order to receive
reinsurance payment for transplant stages, billed amounts and health plan paid amounts for adjudicated encounters must agree with related claims and/or invoices. Timeliness for each stage payment will be calculated based on the latest adjudication
date for the complete set of encounters related to the stage. Refer to the AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual for the appropriate billing of transplant services.     
  Reinsurance Audits     AHCCCS may, at a later date, perform
medical audits on reinsurance cases. Terms of the audit process will be disclosed prior to implementation of the audits providing the Contractor with appropriate advance notice.  

58.  
  COORDINATION OF BENEFITS AND THIRD PARTY LIABILITY       AHCCCS is the payor of last resort unless
specifically prohibited by applicable State or Federal law. This means AHCCCS shall be used as a source of payment for covered services only after all other sources of payment have been exhausted. The Contractor shall take reasonable measures to
identify potentially legally liable third party sources.    If the Contractor discovers the probable existence of a liable third party that is not known to
AHCCCS, or identifies any change in coverage, the Contractor must report the information within 10 days of discovery, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies
specified in Section D, Paragraph 72, Sanctions. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor with a file of all other coverage information, for the purpose of updating the Contractor s files, as described in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines.
   The Contractor shall coordinate benefits in accordance with 42 CFR 433.135 et seq., A.R.S.  36-2903, and A.A.C. R9-22-1001 et seq., so that costs
for services otherwise payable by the Contractor are cost avoided or recovered from a liable third party [42 CFR 434.6(a)(9)]. The term  State  shall be interpreted to mean  Contractor  for purposes of complying with the Federal
regulations referenced above. The Contractor may require subcontractors to be responsible for coordination of benefits for services provided pursuant to this contract. The two methods used for coordination of benefits are cost avoidance and
post-payment recovery. The Contractor shall use these methods as described in A.A.C. R9-22-1001 et seq., Federal and State law, and AHCCCS Policy.  
  Cost Avoidance     The Contractor shall take reasonable
measures to determine all legally liable parties. This refers to any individual, entity or program that is or may be liable to pay all or part of the expenditures for covered services. The Contractor shall cost avoid a claim if it has established
the probable existence of a liable party at the time the claim is filed. For purposes of cost avoidance, establishing liability takes place when the Contractor receives confirmation that another party is, by statute, contract, or agreement, legally
responsible for the payment of a claim for a healthcare item or service delivered to a member. If the probable existence of a  

party s liability cannot be established, the Contractor must adjudicate the claim. The Contractor must then utilize post-payment recovery which is described in further detail below. If
AHCCCS determines that the Contractor is not actively engaged in cost avoidance activities, the Contractor shall be subject to sanctions.    If a third
party insurer other than Medicare requires the member to pay any copayment, coinsurance or deductible, the Contractor is responsible for making these payments in accordance with ACOM Policy 434.  
 Claims for inpatient stay for labor, delivery and postpartum care, including professional fees when there is no global OB package, must be cost avoided. [42
CFR 433.139]      Timely Filing  : The Contractor shall not deny a claim for timeliness if the untimely claim submission results from a
provider s efforts to determine the extent of liability.      Members Covered by both Medicare and Medicaid (Duals)  : See Section D,
Paragraph 60, Medicare Services and Cost Sharing.      Members with a CRS Condition  : Members under 21 years of age who are determined to have a
qualifying CRS condition will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor. Members with private insurance or Medicare may use their private insurance or Medicare provider networks to obtain services including those for the CRS condition. The CRS Contractor
is responsible for payment for services provided to its enrolled members according to CRS coverage type. See ACOM Policy 426 for CRS Contractor coverage responsibilities and coordination of benefits. If the member has Medicare coverage, ACOM Policy
201 shall apply.          Post-Payment Recoveries   
 Post-payment recovery is necessary in cases where the Contractor has not established the probable existence of a liable third party at the time services were
rendered or paid for, was unable to cost-avoid, or post-payment recovery is required. In these instances, the Contractor must adjudicate the claim and then utilize post-payment recovery processes which include: Pay and Chase, Retroactive Recoveries
Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources, and other third party liability recoveries. Refer to ACOM Policy 434 for further guidance.      Pay and
Chase  : The Contractor shall pay the full amount of the claim according to the AHCCCS Capped-Fee-For-Service Schedule or the contracted rate and then seek reimbursement from any third party if the claim is for the following:  

a. 
 Prenatal care for pregnant women, including services which are part of a global OB Package;        

b. 
 Preventive pediatric services, including Early and Periodic Screening Diagnosis and Treatment (EPSDT) and administration of vaccines to children under the Vaccines for Children (VFC) program;    

c. 
 Services covered by third party liability that are derived from an absent parent whose obligation to pay support is being enforced by the Division of Child Support Enforcement; or    

d. 
 Services for which the Contractor fails to establish the existence of a liable third party at the time the claim is filed.    
   Retroactive Recoveries Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources  : For a period of two years from the date of service, the Contractor shall
engage in retroactive third party recovery efforts for claims paid to determine if there are commercial insurance payor sources that were not known at the time of payment. In the event a commercial insurance payor source is identified, the
Contractor must seek recovery from the commercial insurance. The Contractor is prohibited from recouping related payments from providers, requiring providers to take action, or requiring the involvement of providers in any way.  
 The Contractor has two years from the date of service to recover payments for a particular claim, or to identify claims having a reasonable expectation of
recovery. A reasonable expectation of recovery is established when the Contractor has affirmatively identified a commercial insurance payor source and has begun the process of recovering payment. If AHCCCS determines that a Contractor is tagging
claims that do not meet these requirements, AHCCCS may impose sanctions. After two years from the date of service, AHCCCS will direct recovery efforts for any claims not tagged by the Contractor.  

AHCCCS will direct recovery efforts for retroactive recovery of claims not previously identified by the
Contractor as having a reasonable expectation of recovery. Any recoveries obtained by AHCCCS through its recovery efforts will be retained exclusively by AHCCCS and will not be shared with the Contractor.  
 The timeframe for submission of claims for recovery is limited to three years from the date of service consistent with A.R.S.  36-2923 and the Deficit
Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109-171).    See ACOM Policy 434 for details regarding encounter adjustments as a result of retroactive recoveries and the
processes for identifying claims that have a reasonable expectation of recovery.      Other Third Party Liability Recoveries  : The Contractor
shall identify the existence of potentially liable parties using a variety of methods, including referrals, and data mining through the use of trauma code edits, utilizing the codes provided by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall not pursue recovery in the
following circumstances, unless the case has been referred to the Contractor by AHCCCS or AHCCCS  authorized representative:      

Motor Vehicle Cases        

Other Casualty Cases        

Tort feasors        

Restitution Recoveries        

Worker s Compensation Cases      Upon identification of a potentially liable third party for any of the above
situations, the Contractor shall, within 10 business days, report the potentially liable third party to AHCCCS  TPL Contractor for determination of a mass tort, total plan case, or joint case, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of
Deliverables. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Section D, Paragraph 72, Sanctions. A mass tort case is a case where multiple plaintiffs or a class of plaintiffs have filed a lawsuit against the same tort
feasor(s) to recover damages arising from the same or similar set of circumstances (e.g. class action lawsuits) regardless of whether any reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payments are involved. A total plan case is a case where payments for services
rendered to the member are exclusively the responsibility of the Contractor; no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payments are involved. By contrast, a  joint  case is one where Fee-For-Service payments and/or reinsurance payments are
involved. The Contractor shall cooperate with AHCCCS  authorized representative in all collection efforts.     Total Plan Cases : In  total
plan  cases, the Contractor is responsible for performing all research, investigation, the mandatory filing of initial liens on cases that exceed $250, lien amendments, lien releases, and payment of other related costs in accordance with A.R.S.
 36-2915 and A.R.S.  36-2916. The Contractor shall use the AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery correspondence when filing liens and when corresponding to others in regard to casualty recovery. The Contractor may retain up to 100% of its
recovery collections if all of the following conditions exist:      

a. 
 Total collections received do not exceed the total amount of the Contractor s financial liability for the member;        

b. 
 There are no payments made by AHCCCS related to Fee-For-Service, reinsurance or administrative costs (i.e., lien filing , etc.); and,    

c. 
 Such recovery is not prohibited by State or Federal law.      Prior to negotiating a settlement on a total plan
case, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS or AHCCCS  authorized TPL Contractor to ensure that there is no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payment that has been made by AHCCCS. Failure to report these cases prior to negotiating a settlement amount
may result in one of the remedies specified in Section D, Paragraph 72, Sanctions.  

The Contractor shall report settlement information to AHCCCS, utilizing the AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery
Settlement Notification Form, within 10 business days from the settlement date or in an AHCCCS-approved monthly file, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies
specified in Section D, Paragraph 72, Sanctions.     Joint and Mass Tort Cases : AHCCCS  authorized representative is responsible for performing
all research, investigation and payment of lien-related costs, subsequent to the referral of any and all relevant case information to AHCCCS  authorized representative by the Contractor. In joint and mass tort cases, AHCCCS  authorized
representative is also responsible for negotiating and acting in the best interest of all parties to obtain a reasonable settlement and may compromise a settlement in order to maximize overall reimbursement, net of legal and other costs. The
Contractor is responsible for responding to requests from AHCCCS or AHCCCS  TPL contractor to provide a list of claims related to the joint or mass tort case within 10 business days of the request. The Contractor will be responsible for their
prorated share of the contingency fee. The Contractor s share of the contingency fee will be deducted from the settlement proceeds prior to AHCCCS remitting the settlement to the Contractor.  
  Other Reporting Requirements     All TPL reporting
requirements are subject to validation through periodic audits and/or operational reviews which may include Contractor submission of an electronic extract of the casualty cases, including open and closed cases. Data elements may include, but are not
limited to: the member s first and last name; AHCCCS ID; date of incident; claimed amount; paid/recovered amount; and case status. The AHCCCS TPL Section shall provide the format and reporting schedule for this information to the Contractor.
     Title XXI (KidsCare) and BCCTP  : Eligibility for KidsCare and BCCTP benefits require that the applicant/member not be enrolled with any
other creditable health insurance plan. If the Contractor becomes aware of any such coverage, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS immediately. AHCCCS will determine if the other insurance meets the creditable coverage definition in A.R.S.
 36-2982(G).      Cost Avoidance/Recovery Report  : The Contractor shall submit quarterly reports regarding cost avoidance/recovery
activities, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The report shall be submitted in a format as specified in the AHCCCS Program Integrity Reporting Guide.  
   Contract Termination  : Upon termination of this contract, the Contractor will complete the existing third party liability cases or make any
necessary arrangements to transfer the cases to AHCCCS  authorized TPL representative.      
   The Contractor is required to comply with A.A.C. R9-22-711, ACOM Policy 431 and other
directives by AHCCCS. Those populations exempt from copayments or subject to non-mandatory (also known as nominal or optional) copayments may not be denied services due to the inability to pay the copayment [42 CFR 438.108]. However, for those
populations subject to mandatory copayments services may be denied for the inability to pay the copayment.      

60.  
  MEDICARE SERVICES AND COST SHARING       The Contractor must pay most Medicare coinsurance and/or deductibles
for covered services provided to dual eligible members. However, there are different cost-sharing responsibilities that apply to dual members based on a variety of factors. The Contractor must limit their cost sharing responsibility according to
A.A.C. R9-29-301 and A.A.C. R9-29-302 and as further outlined in ACOM Policy 201. Refer to Section D, Paragraph 10, Scope of Services, for information regarding prescription medication for Medicare Part D.  

Dual members shall have choice of all providers in the network and shall not be restricted to those that
accept Medicare.    When a dual member is in a medical institution and that stay is funded by Medicaid for a full calendar month, the dual member is not
required to pay copayments for their Medicare covered prescription medications for the remainder of the calendar year. To ensure appropriate information is communicated for these members to CMS, the Contractor must notify AHCCCS pursuant to ACOM
Policy 201 and as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      
   The Contractor shall comply with all Federal and State provisions regarding marketing
including ACOM Policy 101 [42 CFR 438.104]. The Contractor shall submit all proposed marketing materials, activities, and participation in events that will involve the general public to the AHCCCS Marketing Committee as specified in Attachment F3,
Contractor Chart of Deliverables and as outlined in ACOM Policy 101. All marketing materials that have been approved by the Marketing Committee must be resubmitted every two years for re-approval.  

62.  
  CORPORATE COMPLIANCE        Corporate Compliance Program   
 The Contractor shall be in compliance with 42 CFR 438.608. The Contractor must have a mandatory Corporate Compliance Program, supported by other administrative
procedures including a Corporate Compliance Plan that is designed to guard against fraud, waste, and abuse. The Contractor shall have written criteria for selecting a Compliance Officer and the job description clearly outlining the responsibilities
and authority of the position. The Contractor s written Corporate Compliance Plan must adhere to Contract and ACOM Policy 103 and must be submitted annually to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  
 The compliance program shall be designed to both prevent and detect fraud, waste, and abuse. The compliance program must include:  

1. 
 Written policies, procedures, and standards of conduct that articulates the organization s commitment to and processes for complying with all applicable Federal and State rules, regulations, guidelines, and
standards.        

2. 
 The Compliance Officer must be an onsite management official who reports directly to the Contractor s top management. Any exceptions must be approved by AHCCCS.    

3. 
 Effective lines of communication between the compliance officer and the Contractor s employees.        

4. 
 Enforcement of standards through well-publicized disciplinary guidelines.        

5. 
 Provision for internal monitoring and auditing, as well as provisions for external monitoring and auditing of subcontractors. The Contractor shall provide the external auditing schedule and executive summary of all
audits to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.        

6. 
 Provision for prompt response to problems detected.        

7. 
 The written designation of a Compliance Committee who is accountable to the Contractor s top management. The Compliance Committee which shall be made up of, at a minimum, the Compliance Officer, a budgetary
official and other executive officials with the authority to commit resources. The Compliance Committee will assist the Compliance Officer in monitoring, reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of the compliance program and timeliness of
reporting.        

8. 
 Pursuant to the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (DRA), Contractors, as a condition for receiving payments shall establish written policies for employees detailing:    

a. 
 The Federal False Claims Act provisions;        

b. 
 The administrative remedies for false claims and statements;        

c. 
 Any State laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

d. 
 The whistleblower protections under such laws.    

9. 
 The Contractor must require, through documented policies and subsequent contract amendments, that subcontractors and providers train their staff on the following aspects of the Federal False Claims Act provisions:

a. 
 The administrative remedies for false claims and statements;        

b. 
 Any State laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

c. 
 The whistleblower protections under such laws.        

10. 
 The Contractor must establish a process for training existing staff and new hires on the compliance program and on the items in number 9 above. All training must be conducted in such a manner that can be verified by
AHCCCS.        

11. 
 The Contractor must notify AHCCCS, DHCM Data Analysis and Research, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables of any CMS compliance issues related to HIPAA transaction and code set complaints or
sanctions.        Fraud Waste, and Abuse  : In accordance with A.R.S.  36-2918.01,  36-2932,  36-2905.04 and ACOM
Policy 103, the Contractor, its subcontractors and providers are required to immediately notify the AHCCCS Office of Inspector General (AHCCCS-OIG) regarding all allegations of fraud, waste or abuse involving the AHCCCS Program. The Contractor shall
not conduct any investigation or review of the allegations of fraud, waste, or abuse involving the AHCCCS Program. Notification to AHCCCS-OIG shall be in accordance with ACOM Policy 103 and as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of
Deliverables. The Contractor must also report to AHCCCS, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, any credentialing denials including, but not limited to those which are the result of licensure issues, quality of care
concerns, excluded providers, and which are due to alleged fraud, waste or abuse. In accordance with 42 CFR 455.14, AHCCCS-OIG will then conduct a preliminary investigation to determine if there is sufficient basis to warrant a full investigation.
[42 CFR 455.17][42 CFR 455.1(a)(1)]. As stated in A.R.S.  13-2310, incorporated herein by reference, any person who knowingly obtains any benefit by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, promises, or material omissions is
guilty of a Class 2 felony.    The Contractor agrees to permit and cooperate with any onsite review. A review by the AHCCCS-OIG may be conducted without
notice and for the purpose of ensuring program compliance. The Contractor also agrees to respond to electronic, telephonic or written requests for information within the timeframe specified by AHCCCS. The Contractor agrees to provide documents,
including original documents, to representatives of the AHCCCS-OIG upon request and at no cost. The AHCCCS-OIG shall allow a reasonable time for the Contractor to copy the requested documents, not to exceed 20 business days from the date of the
AHCCCS-OIG request.    Once the Contractor has referred a case of alleged fraud, waste, or abuse to AHCCCS, the Contractor shall take no action to recoup or
otherwise offset any suspected overpayments. AHCCCS-OIG will notify the Contractor when the investigation concludes. If it is determined by AHCCCS-OIG to not be a fraud, waste, or abuse case, the Contractor shall adhere to the applicable AHCCCS
policy manuals for disposition.    In addition, the Contractor must furnish to AHCCCS or CMS within 35 days of receiving a request, full and complete
information, pertaining to business transactions [42 CFR 455.105]:      

The ownership of any subcontractor with whom the Contractor has had business transactions totaling more than $25,000 during the 12-month period ending on the date of request; and    

Any significant business transactions between the Contractor, any subcontractor, and wholly owned supplier, or between the Contractor and any subcontractor during the five year period ending on the date of the request.

Disclosure of Ownership and Control   [42 CFR 455.100 through 106](SMDL09-001)(Sections
1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act): xxiii     The Contractor must obtain
the following information regarding ownership and control [42 CFR 455.104]: xxiv       

1. 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Numbers of any  individual  with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor, including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined
direct/indirect ownership interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other obligation secured by the Contractor if that interest equals at least 5% of the value of the
Contractor s assets, is an officer or director of a Contractor organized as a corporation, or is a partner in a Contractor organized as a partnership (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR
455.100-104)        

2. 
 The Name, Address, and Tax Identification Number of any  corporation  with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor, including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined direct/indirect
ownership interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other obligation secured by the Contractor if that interest equals at least 5% of the value of the Contractor s assets,
is an officer or director of a Contractor organized as a corporation, or is a partner in a Contractor organized as a partnership (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR 455.100-104). The address for
corporate entities must include as applicable primary business address, every business location, and P.O. Box address.        

3. 
 Whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the Contractor as a spouse, parent, child,
or sibling; or whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the Contractor has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the
Contractor as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling        

4. 
 The name of any disclosing entity, other disclosing entity, fiscal agent or managed care entity, as defined in 42 CFR 455.101 in which an owner of the Contractor has an ownership or control interest    

5. 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Number of any agent or managing employee (including Key Staff personnel as noted in Section D, paragraph 16) of the Contractor as defined in 42 CFR 455.101
       Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes   [42 CFR 455.101 through 106; 455.436][SMDL09-001]:  
 The Contractor must do the following:      

1. 
 Confirm the identity and determine the exclusion status of any person with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor, and any person who is an agent or managing employee of the Contractor (including Key Staff
personnel as noted in Section D, Paragraph 16), through routine checks of Federal databases; and        

2. 
 Disclose the identity of any of these excluded persons, including those who have ever been convicted of a criminal offense related to that person s involvement in any program under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Title
XX services program since the inception of those programs.      The Contractor shall, on a monthly basis, confirm the identity and determine the
exclusion status through routine checks of:      

a. 
 The List of Excluded Individuals (LEIE)        

b. 
 The System of Award Management (SAM) formerly known as the Excluded Parties List (EPLS)        

c. 
 Any other databases directed by AHCCCS or CMS      The Contractor shall provide the above-listed disclosure
information to AHCCCS at any of the following times (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act, and 42 CFR 455.104(c)(3)): xxv   

1. 
 Upon the Contractor submitting the proposal in accordance with the State s procurement process;    

2. 
 Upon the Contractor executing the contract with the State;        

3. 
 Within 35 days after any change in ownership of the Contractor; and        

4. 
 Upon request by AHCCCS.      The results of the  Disclosure of Ownership and Control  and the  Disclosure
of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes  shall be held by the Contractor. Upon renewal or extension of the contract, the Contractor shall submit an annual attestation as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, that the
information has been obtained and verified by the Contractor, or upon request, provide this information to AHCCCS. Refer to ACOM Policy 103 for further information. xxvi   
  The Contractor must immediately notify AHCCCS-OIG of any person who has been excluded through these checks as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart
of Deliverables.     Federal Financial Participation (FFP) is not available for any amounts paid to a Contractor that could be excluded from
participation in Medicare or Medicaid for any of the following reasons: xxvii       

1. 
 The Contractor is controlled by a sanctioned individual        

2. 
 The Contractor has a contractual relationship that provides for the administration, management or provision of medical services, or the establishment of policies, or the provision of operational support for the
administration, management or provision of medical services, either directly or indirectly, with an individual convicted of certain crimes as described in Section 1128(b)(8)(B) of the Social Security Act.    

3. 
 The Contractor employs or contracts, directly or indirectly, for the furnishing of health care, utilization review, medical social work, or administrative services, with one of the following:    

a. 
 Any individual or entity excluded from participation in Federal health care programs        
   The Contractor shall require Administrative Services Subcontractors adhere to the requirements outlined above regarding
Disclosure of Ownership and Control and Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes as outlined in 42 CFR 455.101 through 106, 42 CFR 455.436 and SMDL09-001. Administrative Services Subcontractors shall disclose to AHCCCS-OIG the
identity of any excluded person.    In the event that AHCCCS-OIG, either through a civil monetary penalty or assessment, a global civil settlement or
judgment, or any other form of civil action, including recovery of an overpayment, receives a monetary recovery from an entity, the entirety of such monetary recovery belongs exclusively to AHCCCS and the Contractor has no claim to any portion of
this recovery.    In accordance with Section 1128A(a)(6) of the Act; and 42 CFR section 1003.102(a)(2)(3) civil monetary penalties may be imposed
against the Contractor, its subcontractors or providers who employ or enter into contracts with excluded individuals or entities to provide items or services to Medicaid recipients.  
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an
emergency room of a hospital) furnished under the plan by any individual or entity during any period when the individual or entity is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to Sections 1128, 1128A, 1156, or
1842(j)(2) and (1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(A)) of the Social Security Act. xxviii     The Contractor is
prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished at the medical direction or on the prescription of a physician, during
the period when such physician is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to section 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) of the Social Security Act and when the person furnishing such item or service knew, or had
reason to know, of the exclusion (after a reasonable time period after reasonable notice has been furnished to the person) (Sections 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(B)) of the Social Security Act). xxix 

The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not
including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished by an individual or entity to whom the state has failed to suspend payments during any period in which the state has notified the Contractor of a pending
investigation of a credible allegation of fraud against the individual or entity, unless the state determines there is good cause not to suspend such payments. (Section 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(C)) of the Social Security Act) xxx       
   The Contractor shall maintain records relating to covered services and expenditures
including reports to AHCCCS and documentation used in the preparation of reports to AHCCCS. The Contractor shall comply with all specifications for record keeping established by AHCCCS. All records shall be maintained to the extent and in such
detail as required by AHCCCS rules and policies. Records shall include but not be limited to financial statements, records relating to the quality of care, medical records, prescription files and other records specified by AHCCCS.  
 The Contractor agrees to make available, at all reasonable times during the term of this contract, any of its records for inspection, audit or reproduction by
any authorized representative of AHCCCS, State or Federal government. The Contractor shall be responsible for any costs associated with the reproduction of requested information.  
 The Contractor shall preserve and make available all records for a period of five years from the date of final payment under this contract unless a longer
period of time is required by law.    The Contractor shall comply with the record retention periods specified in HIPAA laws and regulations, including, but
not limited to, 45 CFR 164.530(j)(2).    The Contractor shall comply with the record keeping requirements delineated in 42 CFR 438.3(u) and retain such
records for a period of no less than 10 years.    For retention of patient medical records, the Contractor shall ensure compliance with A.R.S.  12-2297
which provides, in part, that a health care provider shall retain patient medical records according to the following:      

1. 
 If the patient is an adult, the provider shall retain the patient medical records for at least six years after the last date the adult patient received medical or health care services from that provider.

2. 
 If the patient is under 18 years of age, the provider shall retain the patient medical records either for at least three years after the child s eighteenth birthday or for at least six years after the last date the
child received medical or health care services from that provider, whichever date occurs later.      In addition, the Contractor shall comply
with the record retention periods specified in HIPAA laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, 45 CFR 164.530(j)(2).    If this Contract is
completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be preserved and made available for a period of five years from the date of any such termination. Records which relate to grievances, disputes, litigation or the
settlement of claims arising out of the performance of this Contract, or costs and expenses of this contract to which exception has been taken by AHCCCS, shall be retained by the Contractor for a period of five years after the date of final
disposition or resolution thereof.  

64.  
  SYSTEMS AND DATA EXCHANGE REQUIREMENTS       The Contractor is required to exchange data with AHCCCS relating
to the information requirements of this contract and as required to support the data elements to be provided to AHCCCS. All data exchanged must be in the formats prescribed by AHCCCS, which include those required/covered by the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Details for the formats may be found in the HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, Trading Partner Agreements, AHCCCS Encounter Manual, and in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines, available on the
AHCCCS website.    The information exchanged with AHCCCS shall be in accordance with all procedures, policies, rules, or statutes in effect during the term
of this contract. If any of these procedures, policies, rules, regulations or statutes are hereinafter changed, both parties agree to conform to these changes following notification by AHCCCS.  
   Electronic Transactions  : The Contractor is required to accept and generate all required HIPAA compliant electronic transactions from or to any
provider or their assigned representative interested in and capable of electronic submission of eligibility verifications, claims, claims status verifications or prior authorization requests; or the receipt of electronic remittance. The Contractor
must be able to make claims payments via electronic funds transfer and have the capability to accept electronic claims attachments.      Contractor Data
Exchange  : Before a Contractor may exchange data with AHCCCS, certain agreements, authorizations and control documents are required. The Contractor must have completed and submitted the EDI Trading Partner Agreement in order to exchange data
with AHCCCS.    Each Contractor is assigned a Transmission Submitter Number (TSN) for encounter submissions. The Contractor may elect to obtain additional
TSNs based upon processing or tracking needs.      Contractor Responsibilities  : The Contractor is responsible for any incorrect data, delayed
submission or payment (to the Contractor or its subcontractors), and/or penalty applied due to any error, omission, deletion, or incorrect data submitted by the Contractor. Any data that does not meet the standards required by AHCCCS shall not be
accepted by AHCCCS.    The Contractor is required to provide an attestation that any data transmitted is accurate and truthful, to the best of the
Contractor s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or designee s knowledge [42 CFR 438.606] as outlined by AHCCCS.    The Contractor
further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the State of Arizona and AHCCCS from any and all claims or liabilities, including but not limited to consequential damages, reimbursements or erroneous billings and reimbursements of attorney fees
incurred as a consequence of any error, omission, deletion or erroneous insert caused by the Contractor in the submitted input data. Neither the State of Arizona nor AHCCCS shall be responsible for any incorrect or delayed payment to the
Contractor s providers (subcontractors) resulting from such error, omission, deletion, or erroneous input data caused by the Contractor in the submission of AHCCCS claims.  
 The Contractor is also responsible for identifying any inconsistencies immediately upon receipt of data from AHCCCS. If any unreported inconsistencies are
subsequently discovered, the Contractor shall be responsible for the necessary adjustments to correct its records at its own expense.      Member
Data  : The Contractor shall accept from AHCCCS original evidence of eligibility and enrollment in the AHCCCS prescribed electronic data exchange formats. Upon request, the Contractor shall provide to AHCCCS PCP assignments in an AHCCCS
prescribed electronic data exchange format.      Claims Data  : This system must be capable of collecting, storing and producing information for
the purposes of financial, medical and operational management.  

The Contractor shall develop and maintain a HIPAA compliant claims processing and payment system capable of
processing, cost avoiding and paying claims in accordance with A.R.S.  36-2903 and 2904 and AHCCCS rules A.A.C. R9-22 Article 7. The system must be adaptable to updates in order to support future AHCCCS claims related policy requirements on a
timely basis as needed.    On a recurring basis (no less than quarterly based on adjudication date), AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor an electronic file
of claims and encounter data for members enrolled with the Contractor who have received services, during the member s enrollment period, from another contractor or through AHCCCS FFS for purposes of member care coordination. Data sharing will
comply with Federal privacy regulations.    In addition, the Contractor shall implement and meet the following milestones in order to make claims processing
and payment more efficient and timely:      

1. 
 Receive 60% of each claim type (professional, institutional and dental) based on volume of actual claims excluding claims processed by Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) electronically.    

2. 
 Produce and distribute 60% of remittances electronically.        

3. 
 Provide 60% of claims payments via EFT.        System Changes and Upgrades  : The costs of software
changes are included in administrative costs paid to the Contractor. There is no separate payment for software changes. A PMMIS systems contact will be assigned after contract award. AHCCCS will work with the Contractor as they evaluate Electronic
Data Interchange options.    The Contractor will ensure that changing or making major upgrades to the information systems affecting claims processing,
payment or any other major business component, will be accompanied by a plan which includes a timeline, milestones, and outlines adequate testing to be completed before implementation. The Contractor shall notify and provide the system change plan
to AHCCCS for review and comment as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.      Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act (HIPAA   ) : The Contractor shall comply with the Administrative Simplification requirements of 45 CFR Parts 160 and 162 that are applicable to the operations of the Contractor by the dates required by the implementing Federal
regulations as well as all subsequent requirements and regulations as published.      Data Security  : The Contractor is required to have a
security audit performed by an independent third party on an annual basis. The annual audit report must be submitted to AHCCCS as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  
 The audit must include, at a minimum, a review of Contractor compliance with all security requirements as outlined in the AHCCCS Security Rule Compliance
Summary Checklist, as specified in ACOM Policy 108. In addition, the audit must include a review of Contractor policies and procedures to verify that appropriate security requirements have been adequately incorporated into the Contractor s
business practices, and the production processing systems.    The audit must result in a findings report and as necessary a corrective action plan,
detailing all issues and discrepancies between the security requirements and the Contractor s policies, practices and systems. The corrective action plan must also include timelines for corrective actions related to all issues or discrepancies
identified. The annual report must include the findings and corrective action plan and must be submitted to AHCCCS for review and approval. AHCCCS will verify that the required audit has been completed and the approved remediation plans are in place
and being followed.      Health Information Exchange  : The Contractor is required to contract with Health Information Network of Arizona (HINAz)
as a data user.  

To further the integration of technology based solutions and the meaningful use of electronic health records
within the system of care, AHCCCS will increase opportunities for providers and Contractors to utilize technological functions for processes that are necessary to meet Medicaid requirements. Expanding the adoption may reduce total spending on health
care by diminishing the number of inappropriate tests and procedures, reducing paperwork and administrative overhead, and decreasing the number of adverse events resulting from medical errors. The Contractor will actively participate in offering
information and providing provider support and education to further expand provider adoption and use of health information technology. It is AHCCCS  expectation that the Contractor review operational processes to reduce provider hassle factors
by implementing technological solutions for those providers utilizing electronic health records and to incentivize providers to implement and meaningfully use health information technology as a standard of doing business with the AHCCCS program.
AHCCCS also anticipates establishing minimum standards, goals and requirements related to operational areas where improved efficiencies or effectiveness could be achieved. AHCCCS anticipates accelerating statewide Health Information Exchange (HIE)
participation for all Medicaid providers and Contractors by:      

Supporting care coordination between physical and behavioral health providers        

Launching an HIE onboarding program for high volume Medicaid hospitals, Federally Qualified Health Centers, Rural Health Clinics and Look-a-Likes    

Supporting the acceleration of electronic prescribing by Arizona Medicaid providers        

Joining the State level HIE for governance, policy making, and information technology service offerings        

Supporting increased Contractor use of the Network (State HIE) to improve health outcomes        

Identifying value-based purchasing opportunities that link with a providers adoption and use of Health IT      The
Contractor is expected to encourage that eligible hospitals and eligible professionals continue to move through the Meaningful Use continuum, accelerate provider statewide HIE participation, and increase use and support of the HIT/HIE. The
Contractor is expected to collaborate with AHCCCS and Arizona Health-e Connection and The Network to target efforts to specific areas where HIT and HIE can bring significant change and progress including efforts focused on:  

Behavioral health        

Partnerships for integrated care        

High need/high cost members        

Coordination with the American Indian Health Program        

Coordination with the Qualified Health Plans        

Justice system transitions        

Care coordination        

Pharmacy management        

Quality improvement        

65.  
  ENCOUNTER DATA REPORTING       Complete, accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is crucial to the
success of the AHCCCS program. AHCCCS uses encounter data to pay reinsurance benefits, set Fee-For-Service and capitation rates, determine reconciliation amounts, determine disproportionate share payments to hospitals, and to determine compliance
with performance standards. The Contractor shall submit encounter data to AHCCCS for all services for which the Contractor incurred a financial liability and claims for services eligible for processing by the Contractor where no financial liability
was incurred including services provided during prior period coverage. This requirement is a condition of the CMS grant award [42 CFR 438.242(b)(1)][42 CFR 455.1 (a)(2)].  

New Contractors must successfully exchange encounter data for all applicable form types with AHCCCS no later
than 120 days after the start of the contract or be subject to possible corrective actions up to and including sanctions and enrollment caps.  
   Encounter Submissions  : Encounters must be submitted in the format prescribed by AHCCCS. Encounter data must be provided to AHCCCS as outlined in
the HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, Trading Partner Agreements and the AHCCCS Encounter Manual, including, but not limited to, inclusion of data to identify the physician who delivers services to patients per Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xi)) of
the Social Security Act. xxxi     Professional, Institutional and Dental Encounters not involving
services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing should be received by AHCCCS no later than 240 days after the end of the month in which the service was rendered, or the effective date of the enrollment with the Contractor, whichever date is
later.    Covered outpatient drugs dispensed to individuals eligible for medical assistance who are enrolled with the Contractor shall be subject to the
same rebate requirements as the State is subject under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act; the State shall collect such rebates from manufacturers (Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006). xxxii  To ensure AHCCCS compliance with this requirement, pharmacy related encounter data and other encounters involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing must be provided to AHCCCS
no later than 30 days after the end of the quarter in which the pharmaceutical item was dispensed. The Contractor must report information on the total number of units of each dosage form and strength and package size by National Drug Code of each
covered outpatient drug dispensed (other than covered outpatient drugs that under subsection (j)(1) of Section 1927 of the Social Security Act [42 USCS   1396r-8] are not subject to the requirements of that section) and such other data as
required by AHCCCS (Section1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006). xxxiii   
 A Contractor shall prepare, review, verify, certify, and submit, encounters for consideration to AHCCCS. Upon submission, the Contractor must provide
attestation that the services listed were actually rendered.    The Contractor may be assessed sanctions for noncompliance with encounter submission
completeness, accuracy and timeliness requirements.      Encounter Reporting  : The Contractor must produce reports for the purposes of tracking,
trending, reporting process improvement and monitoring submissions and revisions of encounters. The Contractor will submit these reports to AHCCCS as required per the AHCCCS Encounter Manual or as directed by AHCCCS and as further specified in
Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.    On a monthly basis AHCCCS will produce encounter reconciliation files containing the prior 18 months of
approved, voided, plan-denied, pended and AHCCCS-denied encounters received and processed by AHCCCS. These files must be utilized to compare the encounter financial data reported with plan claims data, and to compare submitted encounters to
processed claims to validate completeness of encounter submissions.      Encounter Supporting Data Files  : AHCCCS provides the Contractor with
periodic (no less than twice monthly) full replacement files containing provider and medical coding information as stored in PMMIS. These files should be used by the Contractor to ensure accurate Encounter Reporting. Refer to the AHCCCS Encounter
Manual for further information regarding the content and layouts of these files.      Encounter Corrections  : The Contractor is required to
monitor and resolve pended encounters and encounters denied by AHCCCS.    The Contractor is further required to submit replacement or voided encounters in
the event that claims are subsequently corrected following the initial encounter submission. This includes corrections as a result of inaccuracies identified by fraud and abuse audits or investigations conducted by AHCCCS or the Contractor. The
Contractor must void encounters for claims that are recouped in full. For recoupments that result in a  

reduced claim value or adjustments that result in an increased claim value, replacement encounters must be submitted. Refer to the AHCCCS Encounter Manual for instructions regarding the
submission of corrected, replaced or voided encounters.        Encounter Performance Standards    : AHCCCS has established encounter
performance standards as detailed in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual   .    All encounters including approved, pended, denied and voided encounters, impact completeness, accuracy, and timeliness rates. Rates below the established
standards (pended encounters that have pended for more than 120 days for example), or poor encounter performance overall, may result in Corrective Action Plans and/or sanctions.     
   Encounter Validation Studies  : Per CMS requirements, AHCCCS will conduct encounter validation studies of the Contractor s encounter
submissions. These studies may result in sanctions of the Contractor and/or require a corrective action plan for noncompliance with related encounter submission requirements.  
 The purpose of encounter validation studies is to compare recorded utilization information from a medical record or other source with the Contractor s
submitted encounter data. Any and all covered services may be validated as part of these studies. The criteria used in encounter validation studies may include timeliness, correctness and omission of encounters. Refer to the AHCCCS Data Validation
Technical Document for further information.    AHCCCS may revise study methodology, timelines and sanction amounts based on agency review or as a result of
consultations with CMS. The Contractor will be notified in writing of any significant change in study methodology.      

66.  
  ENROLLMENT AND CAPITATION TRANSACTION UPDATES       AHCCCS produces daily enrollment transaction updates
identifying new members and changes to existing members  demographic, eligibility and enrollment data as outlined in the HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, Trading Partner Agreements, and the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines available on
the AHCCCS website. These files shall be utilized by the Contractor to update its member records on a timely and consistent basis. The daily enrollment transaction update, that is run immediately prior to the monthly enrollment and capitation
transaction, is referred to as the  last daily  and will contain all rate code changes made for the prospective month, as well as any new enrollments and disenrollments as of the first of the prospective month.  
 AHCCCS also produces a daily Manual Payment Transaction as outlined in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines ,  available on the AHCCCS website,
which identifies enrollment or disenrollment activity that was not included on the daily enrollment transaction update due to internal edits. The Contractor shall use the Manual Payment Transaction in addition to the daily enrollment transaction
update to update its member records.    A weekly capitation transaction as outlined in the HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, and Trading Partner
Agreements, will be produced to provide the Contractor with member-level capitation payment information. This file will show changes to the prospective capitation payments, as sent in the monthly file, resulting from enrollment changes that occur
after the monthly file is produced. This file will also identify mass adjustments to and/or manual capitation payments that occurred at AHCCCS after the monthly file is produced.  
 On a daily and monthly basis AHCCCS provides the Contractor with the Rate Code Summary electronic file as outlined in the AHCCCS Technical Interface
Guidelines, available on the AHCCCS website, which summarizes the capitation activity for the processing cycle.    The enrollment and capitation transaction
updates distributed monthly are generally produced two days before the end of every month. The update will identify the total active population for the Contractor as of the first day of the next month. These updates contain the information used by
AHCCCS to produce the monthly capitation payment for the next month. The Contractor must reconcile the member files (including the  

member s Medicare status, TPL information, etc.) with the AHCCCS monthly update. After reconciling the monthly update information, the Contractor will work to resolve any discrepancies and
record the results of the reconciliation. Results of the reconciliation will be made available to AHCCCS upon request. After completion of the reconciliation the Contractor will resume posting daily updates beginning with the last two days of the
month. The last two daily updates are different from the regular daily updates in that they pay and/or recoup capitation for the next month. If the Contractor detects an error through the monthly update process, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS,
Information Services Division.      

67.  
  PERIODIC REPORTING REQUIREMENTS       Under the terms and conditions of its CMS grant award, AHCCCS requires
periodic reports, encounter data and other information from the Contractor. The submission of late, inaccurate, or otherwise incomplete reports shall constitute failure to report subject to the penalty provisions described in Section D, Paragraph
72, Sanctions.    Standards applied for determining adequacy of required reports are as follows [42 CFR 438.242(b)(2)]:  

a. 
  Timeliness : Reports or other required data shall be received on or before scheduled due dates.        

b. 
  Accuracy : Reports or other required data shall be prepared in strict conformity with appropriate authoritative sources and/or AHCCCS defined standards.    

c. 
  Completeness : All required information shall be fully disclosed in a manner that is both responsive and pertinent to report intent with no material omissions.    
 The Contractor shall comply with all reporting requirements contained in this contract. AHCCCS requirements regarding reports, including but not limited to,
report content, report frequency, and report submission, are subject to change at any time during the term of the contract. The Contractor shall comply with all changes specified by AHCCCS, including those pertaining to subcontractor and provider
reporting requirements. The Contractor shall be responsible for continued reporting beyond the term of the contract.      

68.  
  REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION       AHCCCS may, at any time during the term of this contract, request financial or
other information from the Contractor. Responses shall fully disclose all financial or other information requested. Information may be designated as confidential but may not be withheld from AHCCCS as proprietary. Information designated as
confidential may not be disclosed by AHCCCS without the prior written consent of the Contractor except as required by law. Upon receipt of such requests for information from AHCCCS, the Contractor shall provide complete information to AHCCCS as
requested no later than 20 days after the receipt of the request unless otherwise specified in the request itself.    If the Contractor believes the
requested information is confidential and may not be disclosed to third parties, the Contractor shall provide a detailed legal analysis to AHCCCS, within the timeframe designated by AHCCCS, setting forth the specific reasons why the information is
confidential and describing the specific harm or injury that would result from disclosure. In the event that AHCCCS withholds information from a third party as a result of the Contractor s statement, the Contractor shall be responsible for all
costs associated with the nondisclosure, including but not limited to legal fees and costs.      

69.  
  DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION       Upon request, the Contractor shall disseminate information prepared by
AHCCCS or the Federal government to its members and all costs shall be the responsibility of the Contractor. All advertisements, publications and printed materials that are produced by the Contractor and refer to covered services shall state that
such services are funded under contract with AHCCCS.  

70.  
  OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL READINESS REVIEWS       AHCCCS will conduct an Operational and Financial Readiness
Review of the Contractor and will, subject to the availability of resources, provide technical assistance as appropriate. The Readiness Review will be conducted prior to the start of business. The purpose of a Readiness Review is to assess the
Contractor s operational readiness and its ability to provide covered services to members at the start of the contract year. The Contractor will be permitted to commence operations only if the Readiness Review factors are met to AHCCCS 
satisfaction.      

71.  
  MONITORING AND OPERATIONAL REVIEWS       The Contractor shall comply with all reporting requirements
contained in this Contract and AHCCCS policy. In accordance with CMS requirements, AHCCCS has in effect procedures for monitoring the Contractors  operations to ensure program compliance and identify best practices, including, but not limited
to, evaluation of submitted deliverables, ad hoc reporting, and periodic focused and operational reviews. xxxiv   
 These monitoring procedures will include, but are not limited to, operations related to the
following: xxxv       

a. 
 Member enrollment and disenrollment;        

b. 
 Processing grievances and appeals;        

c. 
 Violations subject to intermediate sanctions, as set forth in Subpart I of 42 CFR 438;        

d. 
 Violations of the conditions for receiving federal financial participation, as set forth in Subpart J of 42 CFR 438; and        
     Operational Reviews  :
In accordance with CMS requirements [42 CFR 434.6(a)(5)] and Arizona Administrative Code [Title 9, A.A.C. Chapter 22 Article 5], AHCCCS, or an independent agent, will conduct periodic Operational Reviews to ensure program compliance and identify
best practices [42 CFR 438.204].    The reviews will identify and make recommendations for areas of improvement, monitor the Contractor s progress
towards implementing mandated programs or operational enhancements, and provide the Contractor with technical assistance when necessary. The type and duration of the review will be solely at the discretion of AHCCCS.  
 Except in cases where advance notice is not possible or advance notice may render the review less useful, AHCCCS will give the Contractor at least three weeks
advance notice of the date of the scheduled Operational Review. AHCCCS reserves the right to conduct reviews without notice to monitor contractual requirements and performance as needed.  
 AHCCCS may request, at the expense of the Contractor, to conduct on-site reviews of functions performed at out of State locations and will coordinate travel
arrangements and accommodations with the Contractor.    In preparation for the reviews, the Contractor shall cooperate with AHCCCS by forwarding in advance
policies, procedures, job descriptions, contracts, records, logs and other material upon request. Documents not requested in advance shall be made available during the course of the review. Contractor personnel shall be available at all times during
review activities. The Contractor shall provide an appropriate private workspace and internet access.    The Contractor will be furnished a copy of the
draft Operational Review report and given an opportunity to comment on any review findings prior to AHCCCS issuing the final report. The Contractor must develop corrective action plans based on these recommendations. The corrective action plans and
modifications to the corrective action plans must be approved by AHCCCS. Unannounced follow-up reviews may be conducted at any time after the initial Operational Review to determine the Contractor s progress in implementing recommendations and
achieving compliance.  

The Contractor shall not distribute or otherwise make available the Operational Review Tool, draft
Operational Review Report or final report to other Contractors.      
   In accordance with applicable Federal and State regulations, A.A.C. R9-22-606, ACOM Policy
408 and the terms of this contract, AHCCCS may impose sanctions for failure to comply with any provision of this contract. Written notice will be provided to the Contractor specifying the sanction to be imposed, the grounds for such sanction and
either the length of suspension or the amount of capitation to be withheld. The Contractor may dispute the decision to impose a sanction in accordance with the process outlined in A.A.C. R9-34-401 et seq.  
   Cure Notice Process  : AHCCCS may provide a written cure notice to the Contractor regarding the details of the non-compliance. If a notice to cure
is provided to the Contractor, the cure notice will specify the period of time during which the Contractor must bring its performance back into compliance with contract requirements. If, at the end of the specified time period, the Contractor has
complied with the cure notice requirements, AHCCCS will not impose a sanction.  

AHCCCS may impose sanctions including but not limited to:  

1. 
 Civil monetary penalties.        

4. 
 Suspension of all new enrollments, including auto assignments after the effective date of the sanction.        

5. 
 Suspension of payment for recipients enrolled after the effective date of the sanction until CMS or AHCCCS is satisfied that the reason for imposition of the sanction no longer exists and is not likely to recur.

6. 
 Additional sanctions allowed under statute or regulation that address areas of noncompliance.      Refer to ACOM
Policy 408 for details.    For Technical Assistance the Contractor shall note the following Technical Assistance Provisions:  

1. 
 Recognize AHCCCS  technical assistance to help the Contractor achieve compliance with any relevant contract terms or contract subject matter issues does not relieve the Contractor of its obligation to fully comply
with contract requirements or any and all other terms in this Contract.        

2. 
 Recognize that the Contractor s acceptance of AHCCCS  offer or provision of technical assistance shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in a contract enforcement action in which compliance
with contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

3. 
 Recognize that AHCCCS not providing technical assistance to the Contractor as it relates to compliance with a contract requirement or any and all other terms, shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in
a contract enforcement action in which compliance with contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

4. 
 Should a subcontractor to the Contractor participate in the technical assistance matter, in full or in part, the subcontractor participation does not relieve the Contractor of its contractual duties nor modify the
Contractor contractual obligations.        

73.  
  BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND RECOVERY PLAN       The Contractor shall develop a Business Continuity and Recovery
Plan as detailed in ACOM Policy 104 ,  to deal with unexpected events that may affect its ability to adequately serve members. All staff shall be trained on, and familiar with, the Plan. This Plan shall, at a minimum, include planning and
training for:      

Electronic/telephonic failure at the Contractor s main place of business        

Complete loss of use of the main site and satellite offices out of State        

Loss of primary computer system/records        

Communication between the Contractor and AHCCCS in the event of a business disruption        

Periodic Testing (at least annually)      The Business Continuity and Recovery Plan shall be updated annually. The
Contractor shall submit a summary of the Plan to AHCCCS as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables.  

74.  
  MEDICARE REQUIREMENTS        Medicare Coordination for Dual Eligible Members   
   Background Information  : In an effort to improve care coordination for AHCCCS dual eligible members, AHCCCS requires the Contractor, or its
corporate affiliate, to be a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) in all GSAs in which they hold a contract. To match the population served, the D-SNP Type must be a dual eligbile subset non-zero cost share that matches this
contract.      Medicare Structure  : As required by A.R.S.  36-2906.01, the awarded Contractor must establish a separate corporation whose
only authorized business is to provide services under this contract or other contracts with AHCCCS and the Medicare product to the extent necessary to ensure integration of AHCCCS and Medicare services for persons enrolled with the Contractor for
both programs. The Contractor must have, and assure AHCCCS it has, the legal and actual authority to direct, manage, and control the operations of both the corporation established under this contract and the Medicare product to the extent necessary
to ensure integration of AHCCCS and Medicare services for persons enrolled with the Contractor for both programs. The Contractor must ensure the integration of Medicare and Medicaid services within the following key functional areas of the
organization or when utilizing administrative services subcontracts:      

Network Management/Provider Relations;        

Member Services;        

Quality Management;        

Medical Management;        

Corporate Compliance; and        

Grievance and Appeal System.        Medicare Branding  : The Contractor must establish branding for the
Medicare product that ensures it is easily identifiable to members and providers as an integrated plan for both Medicare and Medicaid.      Medicare
State Certification  : Medicare Advantage plans are required to be licensed under State law. As outlined in A.R.S  36-2903(B)(2) AHCCCS has the authority to certify its Contractors for Medicare purposes. Contractors are able to apply for
certification through AHCCCS or apply and receive licensure through the Arizona Department of Insurance. The AHCCCS certification process is detailed in ACOM 313.  
   State Contracting with D-SNPs  : Per ACOM Policy 107, AHCCCS will not contract with any D-SNP to serve the Acute Care Medicaid population outside
of awarded Acute Care contracts. Detailed D-SNP responsibilities are outlined in  Medicare Advantage D SNP Health Plan Agreement .      Alignment
Efforts  : Dual eligible members may be assigned to a Medicaid plan based on their Medicare D-SNP enrollment. Aligning Medicare and Medicaid plans ensures a more coordinated process for members and providers. AHCCCS will continue to pursue
policies and practices which improve the system for dual eligible members including, but not limited to:      

On an ongoing basis, aligning Medicaid enrollment with Medicare;        

Working with community stakeholders for outreach and education;        

Conducting state sponsored outreach and education;        

Requiring plan outreach and education.      Effective October 1, 2015, Acute Care Contractors are responsible
for the provision and coordination of general mental health and substance abuse behavioral health services for adult members in any Medicare arrangement who are age 18 and older.  
 The Contractor shall provide seamless conversion enrollment of newly Medicare eligible individuals who are currently enrolled with the Contractor for Medicaid
only, into the Contractor s companion D-SNP, subject to CMS approval. This directive is based on CMS guidance provided in the Medicare Managed Care Manual, Chapter 2, Section 40.1.4 and will include individuals who have aged-in to Medicare
as well as those qualified for Medicare upon the completion of the 24 month waiting period due to a disability.  

The following constitute pending items that may be resolved after the issuance of this
Contract or any Contract amendment. Any program changes due to the resolution of the issues will be reflected in future amendments to the Contract. Capitation rates may also be adjusted to reflect the financial impact of program changes. The items
in this paragraph are subject to change and should not be considered all-inclusive.    AHCCCS and its Contractors are subject to legislative mandates,
directives, regulatory changes, executive and court orders related to any term in this Contract that may result in changes to the program. AHCCCS will either amend the contract or incorporate changes in policies incorporated in the contract by
reference.      Managed Care Regulations  : On May 6, 2016 the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services (CMS) published final rules
focused on advancing delivery system reform, strengthening quality and consumer protections, promoting accountability, and aligning Medicaid managed care rules with other health insurance coverage programs. The provisions of the rule will be
implemented in phases throughout years 2016, 2017, and 2018.    The final rule provisions include significant operational changes to numerous areas of the
Medicaid Program, including but not limited to the following:      

1. 
 Requirements for Long Term Services and Supports        

2. 
 Network development standards        

3. 
 Grievance and appeal systems        

4. 
 Enrollee rights        

5. 
 Member information        

6. 
 Quality improvement        

7. 
 Capitation rate development        

8. 
 Limitations on capitation payments for services provided to persons age 21-64 receiving services in an Institution for Mental Disease (IMD)    
   Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act  : On March 30, 2016 final rules were published providing that financial and treatment
limitations on mental health and substance use disorder benefits may be no more restrictive and applied no more stringently than to medical/surgical benefits. On or before October 1, 2017, the Contractor shall demonstrate that services are
delivered in compliance with mental health parity consistent with 42 CFR 438.900 et seq. Future information will be provided regarding deliverables and timelines to ensure compliance.  
     Section 1115 Waiver Demonstration    : As of the writing of this Contract, the Section 1115 Waiver Demonstration for the
period October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2021, is not yet approved by CMS. Therefore the Waiver approval may necessitate changes to the terms of this Contract which will be executed through a Contract amendment.     
   Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act  : Pursuant to 45 CFR Part 92, the Contractor is prohibited from discrimination on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, age, or disability in health programs and activities, any part of which receives federal funding. Under the proposed rule, sex discrimination includes, but is not limited to, discrimination on the basis of pregnancy, sex
stereotyping, and gender identity. AHCCCS is reviewing existing policies and system edits to implement necessary changes to conform to the law. The Contractor shall be required to adopt any such changes.  
   Administrative Simplification  : Arizona Laws 2015, Chapter 19, Section 9 (SB 1480) enacts that from and after June 30, 2016, the
provision of behavioral health services under the Division of Behavioral Health Services (DBHS) in the Department of Health Services is transferred to and shall be administered by the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS). From and
after June 30, 2016, the AHCCCS administration succeeds to the authority, powers, duties and responsibilities of DBHS with the exception of the Arizona State Hospital. This act does not alter the effect of any actions or impair the valid
obligations of  

DBHS taken before July 1, 2016. Administrative rules and orders that were adopted by DBHS continue in
effect until superseded by administrative action by AHCCCS. Until administrative action is taken by AHCCCS, any reference to DBHS in rules and orders is considered to refer to AHCCCS. All administrative matters, contracts and judicial and
quasi-judicial actions, whether completed, pending or in process, of DBHS on July 1, 2016 are transferred to and retain the same status with AHCCCS. AHCCCS and DBHS will work to administratively streamline contractual oversight and monitoring
of the Tribal and Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (T/RBHAs) throughout Arizona, pursue continuous quality improvement, and reduce fragmentation in healthcare delivery to develop an integrated system of healthcare. This merger will not impact
what services are offered to members or how services are delivered.      

76.  
  VALUE-BASED PURCHASING       Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) is a cornerstone of AHCCCS  strategy to bend
the upward trajectory of health care costs. AHCCCS is implementing initiatives to leverage the managed care model toward value based health care systems where members  experience and population health are improved, per-capita health care cost
is limited to the rate of general inflation through aligned incentives with managed care organization and provider partners, and there is a commitment to continuous quality improvement and learning. The Contractor shall participate in payment VBP
efforts.      Value-Based Purchasing Initiative  : The purpose of the VBP initiative is to encourage Contractor activity in the area of quality
improvement by aligning the incentives of the Contractor and provider through VBP strategies, as delineated by ACOM Policy 315 CYE 16 and as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. Quality distributions to Contractors will be
funded by assessing 1 percent from Prospective Gross Capitation (Quality Contribution) exclusive of Delivery Supplemental, KidsCare and State Only Transplant payments. One hundred percent (100%) of the Quality Contributions will be distributed
to one or more Contractors according to the Contractors  performance on selected Quality Management Performance Measures relative to minimum performance standards established by CQM and the Contractors  ranking on QMPMs. Quality
contributions and quality distributions will be settled through a reconciliation performed annually on a contract year basis.      Value-Based
Providers  : The Contractor shall develop strategies that ensure that members are directed to providers who participate in VBP initiatives and who offer value as determined by measureable outcomes. The Contractor shall submit annually to
AHCCCS, DHCM a Value Based Providers/Centers of Excellence Report as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, describing its strategies to direct members to valued providers. See below for report details.  
   Centers of Excellence  : Centers of Excellence are facilities that are recognized as providing the highest levels of leadership, quality, and
service. Centers of Excellence align physicians and other providers to achieve higher value through greater focus on appropriateness of care, clinical excellence, and patient satisfaction. Identification of a Center of Excellence should be based on
criteria such as procedure volumes, clinical outcomes, and treatment planning and coordination. Identification of appropriate conditions and/or procedures most suitable to a relationship with a Center of Excellence should be based on analysis of the
Contactor s data which demonstrates a high degree of variance in cost and/or outcomes. To encourage Contractor activity which incentivizes utilization of the best value providers for select, evidenced based, high volume procedures or
conditions, the Contractor shall submit a Value Based Providers/Centers of Excellence Report annually to AHCCCS, DHCM, as specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. The report shall incorporate the CYE 17 implementation of one to
two contracts with either the Centers of Excellence identified in the CYE 16 Executive Summary and/or other existing Centers of Excellence based on the criteria above. The Contractor shall identify the Centers of Excellence under contract in CYE 17
and, if different from those identified in the CYE 16 Executive Summary, shall include a description as to how these Centers were selected.  

Value Based Providers/Centers of Excellence Report   
 The Value Based Providers/Centers of Excellence Report shall outline the Contractor s process to develop, maintain and monitor activities
for both high value providers and Centers of Excellence and include at a minimum:      

Thorough description of the Contractor s initiatives to encourage member utilization        

Goals and outcome measures for the contract year        

Description of monitoring activities to occur throughout the year        

Evaluation of the effectiveness of the previous year s initiatives        

Summary of lessons learned and any implemented changes        

Description of the most significant barriers        

Plans to encourage providers determined to offer high value but not participating in VBP arrangements, if any, to participate in VBP contracts    

Plan for next contract year        E-Prescribing  : E-Prescribing is an effective tool to improve
members  health outcomes and reduce costs as delineated in ACOM Policy 321. Benefits afforded by the electronic transmission of prescription-related information include, but are not limited to: reduced medication errors, reductions of drug and
allergy interactions and therapeutic duplication, and increased prescription accuracy. The Contractor shall increase its E-Prescribing rate of original prescriptions in accordance with ACOM Policy 321.  
 The NCPDP Prescription Origin Code and Fill Number (Original or Refill Dispensing) must be submitted on all pharmacy encounter records, as outlined in the
AHCCCS NCPDP Post Adjudicated History Transaction Companion Guide, in order for AHCCCS to measure the Contractor s success.      VBP Differential
Adjusted Payments  : AHCCCS has introduced multiple VBP Differential Adjusted Fee Schedules to distinguish providers who have committed to supporting designated actions that improve patients  care experience, improve members  health,
and reduce cost of care growth. The Contractor shall adjust payments for specific providers and provider types as described below:  
  Nursing Facility : For CYE17, for qualified AHCCCS-registered Arizona Nursing Facility providers meeting criteria as set forth below, the
Contractor is required to pass through an additional 1.0% increase in payments above the rates that the Contractor would otherwise pay, inclusive of any AHCCCS fee for service rate changes adopted by the Contractor, to the qualified provider.  
  Criteria : Nursing Facilities that meet or exceed the Medicare Nursing Home Compare Arizona Average for the pneumococcal vaccine measure
qualify for the VBP Differential Adjusted Payment increase.      

The pneumococcal vaccine measure is the percent of long-stay residents assessed and appropriately given the vaccine        

The facility s results on Medicare Nursing Home Compare for this quality measure will be compared to the accompanying Arizona Average results for the measure, for the most recently published rate as of June 1,
2016       Hospital : For CYE17, for both inpatient and outpatient services for qualified AHCCCS-registered Arizona Hospital
providers (provider type 02) meeting criteria as set forth below, the Contractor is required to pass through an additional 0.5% increase in payments above the rates that the Contractor would otherwise pay, inclusive of any AHCCCS fee for service
rate changes adopted by the Contractor, to the qualified provider.     Criteria :  

Integrated Clinic : For CYE17, for qualified AHCCCS-registered Integrated Clinics (ICs)
meeting criteria as set forth below, the Contractor is required to pass through an additional 10% increase in payments above the rates that the Contractor would otherwise pay for select physical health services, inclusive of any AHCCCS fee for
service rate changes adopted by the Contractor, to the qualified provider.     Criteria :  

Providers registered with AHCCCS as Integrated Clinics and licensed by the Arizona Department of Health Services as Outpatient Treatment Center which provide both behavioral health services and physical health services

The provider qualifies at any time during CYE17 for those dates of service in CYE17 that coincide with the provider s registration as an IC    

Physical health services which qualify for the increase include Evaluation and Management (E M) codes, vaccine administration codes, and a global obstetric code    
 [END OF SECTION D]  

SECTION E: CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS       

1.  
  ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION OF CONTRACT       The Contractor shall not advertise or publish information for
commercial benefit concerning this contract without the prior written approval of the Contracting Officer.      

2.  
  APPLICABLE LAW       Arizona Law - The law of Arizona applies to this contract including, where applicable,
the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted in the State of Arizona.    Implied Contract Terms - Each provision of law and any terms required by law to be in
this contract are a part of this contract as if fully stated in it.      

3.  
  ARBITRATION       The parties to this contract agree to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to
this contract through arbitration, after exhausting applicable administrative review, to the extent required by A.R.S.  12-1518 except as may be required by other applicable statutes.  

4.  
  ASSIGNMENT AND DELEGATION       The Contractor shall not assign any rights nor delegate all of the duties
under this contract. Delegation of less than all of the duties of this contract must conform to the requirements of Section D, Subcontracts.      

5.  
  ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACT AND BANKRUPTCY       This contract is voidable and subject to immediate cancellation
by AHCCCS upon the Contractor becoming insolvent or filing proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization under the United States Code, or assigning rights or obligations under this contract without the prior written consent of AHCCCS.  

6.  
  AUDITS AND INSPECTIONS       The Contractor shall comply with all provisions specified in applicable A.R.S.
 35-214 and  35-215 and AHCCCS rules and policies and procedures relating to the audit of the Contractor s records and the inspection of the Contractor s facilities. The Contractor shall fully cooperate with AHCCCS staff and
allow them reasonable access to the Contractor s staff, subcontractors, members, and records [42 CFR 438.6(g)].    At any time during the term of this
contract, and five (5) years thereafter unless a longer time is otherwise required by law, the Contractor s or any subcontractor s books and records shall be subject to audit by AHCCCS and, where applicable, the Federal government, to
the extent that the books and records relate to the performance of the contract or subcontracts [42 CFR 438.242(b)(3)].    AHCCCS, or its duly authorized
agents, and the Federal government may evaluate through on-site inspection or other means, the quality, appropriateness and timeliness of services performed under this contract.  

7.  
  AUTHORITY       This contract is issued under the authority of the Contracting Officer who signed this
contract. Changes to the contract, including the addition of work or materials, the revision of payment terms, or the substitution of work or materials, directed by an unauthorized state employee or made unilaterally by the Contractor are violations
of the contract and of applicable law. Such changes, including unauthorized written contract amendments, shall be void and without effect, and the Contractor shall not be entitled to any claim under this contract based on those changes.  
      
   AHCCCS may at any time, by written notice to the Contractor, make changes within the general
scope of this contract. If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, performance of any part of the work under this contract, the Contractor may assert its right to an adjustment in

compensation paid under this contract. The Contractor must assert its right to such adjustment within 30 days from the date of receipt of the change notice. Any dispute or disagreement caused by
such notice shall constitute a dispute within the meaning of Section E, Disputes, and be administered accordingly.    Contract amendments are subject to
approval by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), and approval is withheld until all amendments are signed by the Contractor. When AHCCCS issues an amendment to modify the contract, the Contractor shall ensure contract amendments are
signed and submitted to AHCCCS by the date specified by AHCCCS. The provisions of such amendment will be deemed to have been accepted on the day following the date AHCCCS requires an executed amendment, even if the amendment has not been signed by
the Contractor, unless within that time the Contractor notifies AHCCCS in writing that it refuses to sign the amendment. If the Contractor provides such notification, AHCCCS will initiate termination proceedings.  

9.  
  CHOICE OF FORUM       The parties agree that jurisdiction over any action arising out of or relating to this
contract shall be brought or filed in a court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of Arizona.      

10.  
  COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS       The Contractor shall comply with all applicable
Federal and State laws and regulations including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (regarding education programs and activities); the Age Discrimination Act of 1975; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
(regarding education programs and activities), and the Americans with Disabilities Act; EEO provisions; Copeland Anti-Kickback Act; Davis-Bacon Act; Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards; Rights to Inventions Made Under a Contract or Agreement;
Clean Air Act and Federal Water Pollution Control Act; Byrd Anti-Lobbying Amendment. The Contractor shall maintain all applicable licenses and permits.      

11.  
  CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION       The Contractor shall safeguard confidential
information in accordance with Federal and State laws and regulations, including but not limited to, 42 CFR 431, Subpart F, A.R.S.  36-107,  36-2903 (for Acute),  36-2932 (for ALTCS),  41-1959 and  46-135, the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (Public Law 107-191 Statutes 1936), 45 CFR parts 160 and 164, and AHCCCS Rules.    The Contractor shall
establish and maintain procedures and controls that are acceptable to AHCCCS for the purpose of assuring that no information contained in its records or obtained from AHCCCS or others carrying out its functions under the contract shall be used or
disclosed by its agents, officers or employees, except as required to efficiently perform duties under the contract. Except as required or permitted by law, the Contractor also agrees that any information pertaining to individual persons shall not
be divulged other than to employees or officers of the Contractor as needed for the performance of duties under the contract, unless otherwise agreed to, in writing, by AHCCCS.  
 The Contractor shall not, without prior written approval from AHCCCS, either during or after the performance of the services required by this contract, use,
other than for such performance, or disclose to any person other than AHCCCS personnel with a need to know, any information, data, material, or exhibits created, developed, produced, or otherwise obtained during the course of the work required by
this contract. This nondisclosure requirement shall also pertain to any information contained in reports, documents, or other records furnished to the Contractor by AHCCCS.      

12.  
  CONFLICT OF INTEREST       The Contractor shall not undertake any work that represents a potential conflict
of interest, or which is not in the best interest of AHCCCS or the State without prior written approval by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall fully and completely disclose any situation that may present a conflict of interest. If the Contractor is now
performing or elects to perform during the term of this contract any services for any AHCCCS health plan, provider or Contractor or an entity owning or controlling same, the Contractor shall disclose this relationship prior to accepting any
assignment involving such party.  

13.  
  CONTINUATION OF PERFORMANCE THROUGH TERMINATION       The Contractor shall continue to perform, in accordance
with the requirements of the contract, up to the date of termination and as directed in the termination notice.      
   The Contract between AHCCCS and the Contractor shall include: 1) the Request for Proposal
(RFP) including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference as part of the RFP, 2) the proposal submitted by the Contractor in response to the RFP including any Best and Final Offers, and 3) any Contract amendments. In the event of a
conflict in language between the proposal (including any Best and Final Offers) and the RFP (including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference), the provisions and requirements set forth and/or referenced in the RFP (including
AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference) shall govern.    The Contract shall be construed according to the laws of the State of Arizona.
The State of Arizona is not obligated for the expenditures under the contract until funds have been encumbered.      

15.  
  CONTRACT INTERPRETATION AND AMENDMENT        No Parol Evidence  - This contract is intended by the
parties as a final and complete expression of their agreement. No course of prior dealings between the parties and no usage of the trade shall supplement or explain any term used in this contract.  
  No Waiver  - Either party s failure to insist on strict performance of any term or condition of the contract shall not be deemed a waiver of that
term or condition even if the party accepting or acquiescing in the nonconforming performance knows of the nature of the performance and fails to object to it.  
  Written Contract Amendments  - The contract shall be modified only through a written contract amendment within the scope of the contract signed by the
procurement officer on behalf of the State and signed by a duly authorized representative of the Contractor.      

16.  
  COOPERATION WITH OTHER CONTRACTORS       AHCCCS may award other contracts for additional work related to this
contract and Contractor shall fully cooperate with such other contractors and AHCCCS employees or designated agents. The Contractor shall not commit or permit any act which will interfere with the performance of work by any other Contractor or by
AHCCCS employees.      

17.  
  COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES       The Contractor warrants that no person or agency has been employed or
retained to solicit or secure this contract upon an agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage or contingent fee. For violation of this warranty, AHCCCS shall have the right to annul this contract without liability.  
   
   The Contractor shall certify that financial and encounter data submitted to AHCCCS
is complete, accurate and truthful. Certification of financial and encounter data must be submitted concurrently with the data. Certification may be provided by the Contractor CEO, CFO or an individual who is delegated authority to sign for, and who
reports directly to the CEO or CFO [42 CFR 438.604 et seq.].  

Contract claims and disputes shall be adjudicated in accordance with State Law, AHCCCS Rules
and this contract.    Except as provided by 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6, the exclusive manner for the Contractor to assert any dispute against AHCCCS
shall be in accordance with the process outlined in 9 A.A.C. Chapter 34 and A.R.S.  36-2932. All disputes except as provided under 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6 shall be filed in writing and be received by AHCCCS no later than 60 days from the
date of the disputed notice. All disputes shall state the factual and legal basis for the dispute. Pending the final resolution of any disputes involving this contract, the Contractor shall proceed with performance of this contract in accordance
with AHCCCS  instructions, unless AHCCCS specifically, in writing, requests termination or a temporary suspension of performance.      

20.  
  E-VERIFY REQUIREMENTS       In accordance with A.R.S  41-4401, the Contractor warrants compliance with
all Federal immigration laws and regulations relating to employees and warrants its compliance with Section A.R.S.  23-214, Subsection A.      
   The effective date of this contract shall be the Offer and Acceptance date referenced on
page 1 of this contract.      

22.  
  EMPLOYEES OF THE CONTRACTOR       All employees of the Contractor employed in the performance of work under
the Contract shall be considered employees of the Contractor at all times, and not employees of AHCCCS or the State. The Contractor shall comply with the Social Security Act, Workman s Compensation laws and Unemployment laws of the State of
Arizona and all State, local and Federal legislation relevant to the Contractor s business.      

23.  
  FEDERAL IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT       The Contractor shall comply with all Federal, State and local
immigration laws and regulations relating to the immigration status of their employees during the term of the contract. Further, the Contractor shall flow down this requirement to all subcontractors utilized during the term of the contract. The
State shall retain the right to perform random audits of Contractor and subcontractor records or to inspect papers of any employee thereof to ensure compliance. Should the State determine that the Contractor and/or any subcontractors be found
noncompliant, the State may pursue all remedies allowed by law, including, but not limited to; suspension of work, termination of the contract for default and suspension and/or debarment of the Contractor.  
   
   AHCCCS may, by written notice to the Contractor, immediately terminate this contract if it
determines that employment or a gratuity was offered or made by the Contractor or a representative of the Contractor to any officer or employee of the State for the purpose of influencing the outcome of the procurement or securing the contract, an
amendment to the contract, or favorable treatment concerning the contract, including the making of any determination or decision about contract performance. AHCCCS, in addition to any other rights or remedies, shall be entitled to recover exemplary
damages in the amount of three times the value of the gratuity offered by the Contractor.      

25.  
  INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE       This solicitation and all attachments and amendments, the Contractor s
proposal, best and final offer accepted by AHCCCS, and any approved subcontracts are hereby incorporated by reference into the contract.     
   
    Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Not Public Agency):   
 The parties to this contract agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be indemnified and held harmless by the
Contractor for the vicarious liability of the State as a result of entering into this contract. The Contractor agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the State from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs, and expenses,
including attorney s fees and costs, arising out  

of litigation against AHCCCS including, but not limited to, class action lawsuits challenging actions by the Contractor. The requirement for indemnification applies irrespective of whether or not
the Contractor is a party to the lawsuit. Each Contractor shall indemnify the State, on a pro rata basis based on population, attorney s fees and costs awarded against the State as well as the attorney s fees and costs incurred by the
State in defending the lawsuit. The Contractor shall also indemnify AHCCCS, on a pro rata basis based on population, the administrative expenses incurred by AHCCCS to address Contractor deficiencies arising out of the litigation. The parties further
agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be responsible for its own negligence and/or willful misconduct. Each party to this contract is responsible for its own negligence and/or willful misconduct.
    Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Public Agency) :  
 Each party ( as indemnitor ) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party ( as indemnitee ) from and against any and all
claims, losses, liability, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) (hereinafter collectively referred to as  claims ) arising out of bodily injury of any person (including death) or property damage but only to the
extent that such claims which result in vicarious/derivative liability to the indemnitee, are caused by the act, omission, negligence, misconduct, or other fault of the indemnitor, its officers, officials, agents, employees, or volunteers.  

27.  
  INDEMNIFICATION - PATENT AND COPYRIGHT       To the extent permitted by applicable law the Contractor shall
defend, indemnify and hold harmless the State against any liability including costs and expenses for infringement of any patent, trademark or copyright arising out of contract performance or use by the State of materials furnished or work performed
under this contract. The State shall reasonably notify the Contractor of any claim for which it may be liable under this paragraph.      
   The Contractor is required to maintain insurance, at a minimum, as specified in Attachment
E-1 Standard Professional Service Contracts. For policies for insurance for professional service contracts working with children or vulnerable adults, the policy may be endorsed to include coverage for sexual abuse and molestation.  

ATTACHMENT E-1   
   STANDARD PROFESSIONAL SERVICE CONTRACT    
   INDEMNIFICATION CLAUSE :     To the fullest extent
permitted by law, Contractor shall defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees (hereinafter referred to as
 Indemnitee ) from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses (including court costs, attorneys  fees, and costs of claim processing, investigation and litigation) (hereinafter referred to as
 Claims ) for bodily injury or personal injury (including death), or loss or damage to tangible or intangible property caused, or alleged to be caused, in whole or in part, by the negligent or willful acts or omissions of Contractor or any
of its owners, officers, directors, agents, employees or subcontractors. This indemnity includes any claim or amount arising out of or recovered under the Workers  Compensation Law or arising out of the failure of such Contractor to conform to
any Federal, State or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or court decree. It is the specific intention of the parties that the Indemnitee shall, in all instances, except for Claims arising solely from the negligent or willful acts or
omissions of the Indemnitee, be indemnified by Contractor from and against any and all claims. It is agreed that Contractor will be responsible for primary loss investigation, defense and judgment costs where this indemnification is applicable. In
consideration of the award of this contract, the Contractor agrees to waive all rights of subrogation against the State of Arizona, its officers, officials, agents and employees for losses arising from the work performed by the Contractor for the
State of Arizona.     This indemnity shall not apply if the Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are an agency, board, commission or university of the State
of Arizona.       INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS :   
 Contractors shall procure and maintain until all of their obligations have been discharged, including any warranty periods under this Contract, insurance
against claims for injury to persons or damage to property arising from or in connection with the performance of the work hereunder by the Contractor, its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors.  
 The  insurance requirements  herein are minimum requirements for this Contract and in no way limit the indemnity covenants contained in this Contract.
The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the minimum limits contained herein are sufficient to protect the Contractor from liabilities that arise out of the performance of the work under this contract by the Contractor, its agents,
representatives, employees or subcontractors, and the Contractor is free to purchase additional insurance.      

A. 
   MINIMUM SCOPE AND LIMITS OF INSURANCE :  Contractor shall provide coverage with limits of liability not less than those stated below.    

1. 
  Commercial General Liability (CGL)   Occurrence Form       Policy shall include bodily
injury, property damage, and broad form contractual liability coverage.      

a. 
 The policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees as
additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.    

2. 
  Business Automobile Liability       Bodily Injury and Property Damage for any owned, hired,
and/or non-owned vehicles used in the performance of this Contract.      

a. 
 Policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees as
additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor, involving automobiles owned, leased, hired, and/or non-owned by the Contractor.    

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

c. 
 Policy shall contain a severability of interest provision.        

3. 
  Worker s Compensation and Employers  Liability         

Workers  Compensation Statutory        

Employers  Liability        

a. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 This requirement shall not apply to each Contractor or subcontractor that is exempt under A.R.S.  23-901, and when such Contractor or subcontractor executes the appropriate waiver form (Sole Proprietor or
Independent Contractor).        

4. 
  Professional Liability (Errors and Omissions Liability)          

a. 
 In the event that the Professional Liability insurance required by this Contract is written on a claims-made basis, Contractor warrants that any retroactive date under the policy shall precede the effective date of this
Contract; and either continuous coverage will be maintained or an extended discovery period will be exercised for a period of two (2) years beginning at the time work under this Contract is completed.    

b. 
 The policy shall cover professional misconduct or negligent acts for those positions defined in the Scope of Work of this Contract.    

B. 
   ADDITIONAL INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS :  The policies shall include, or be endorsed to include, as required by this written agreement, the following provisions:    

1. 
 The Contractor s policies shall stipulate that the insurance afforded the Contractor shall be primary and that any insurance carried by AHCCCS, its agents, officials, employees or the State of Arizona shall be
excess and not contributory insurance, as provided by A.R.S.  41-621 (E).        

2. 
 Insurance provided by the Contractor shall not limit the Contractor s liability assumed under the indemnification provisions of this Contract.    

C. 
   NOTICE OF CANCELLATION :  For each insurance policy required by the insurance provisions of this Contract, the Contractor must provide to the State of Arizona, within two (2) business days of receipt, a
notice if a policy is suspended, voided, or cancelled for any reason. Such notice shall be sent to AHCCCS Contracts Unit, Mail Drop 5700, Division of Business and Finance, 701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034.    

D. 
   ACCEPTABILITY OF INSURERS :  Contractor s insurance shall be placed with companies licensed in the State of Arizona or hold approved non-admitted status on the Arizona Department of Insurance List of
Qualified Unauthorized Insurers. Insurers shall have an  A.M. Best  rating of not less than A- VII. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the above-required minimum insurer rating is sufficient to protect the Contractor from
potential insurer insolvency.        

E. 
   VERIFICATION OF COVERAGE :  Contractor shall furnish the State of Arizona with certificates of insurance (valid ACORD form or equivalent approved by the State of Arizona) as required by this Contract and as
specified in Attachment F3, Contractor Chart of Deliverables. An authorized representative of the insurer shall sign the certificates .     
 All certificates and endorsements, as required by this written agreement, are to be received and approved by the State of Arizona before work
commences. Each insurance policy required by this Contract must be in effect at or prior to commencement of work under this Contract. Failure to maintain the insurance policies as required by this Contract, or to provide evidence of renewal, is a
material breach of Contract.    All certificates required by this Contract shall be sent directly to AHCCCS Contracts Unit, Mail Drop 5700,
Division of Business and Finance, 701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034. All subcontractors are required to maintain insurance and to provide verification upon request. The AHCCCS project/contract number and project description shall be noted on
the certificate of insurance. The State of Arizona and AHCCCS reserves the right to require complete, certified copies of all insurance policies required by this Contract at any time .   

F. 
   SUBCONTRACTORS :  Contractors  certificate(s) shall include all subcontractors as insureds under its policies or Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring and/or verifying that all subcontractors
have valid and collectable insurance as evidenced by the certificates of insurance and endorsements for each subcontractor. All coverages for subcontractors shall be subject to the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions located on the AHCCCS website.
AHCCCS reserves the right to require, at any time throughout the life of this contract, proof from the Contractor that its subcontractors have the required coverage.    

G. 
   APPROVAL AND MODIFICATIONS :  AHCCCS, in consultation with State Risk, reserves the right to review or make modifications to the insurance limits, required coverages, or endorsements throughout the life of
this contract, as deemed necessary. Such action will not require a formal contract amendment but may be made by administrative action.        

H. 
   EXCEPTIONS :  In the event the Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are a public entity, then the Insurance Requirements shall not apply. Such public entity shall provide a certificate of self-insurance. If the
Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are a State of Arizona agency, board, commission, or university, none of the above shall apply.    

[END OF ATTACHMENT E-1]  

In order to receive payment under any resulting contract, the Contractor shall have a
current IRS W9 Form on file with the State of Arizona.      

30.  
  LIMITATIONS ON BILLING AND COLLECTION PRACTICES       Except as provided in Federal and State Law and
regulations, the Contractor shall not bill, nor attempt to collect payment directly or through a collection agency from a person who was AHCCCS eligible at the time the covered service(s) were rendered, or from the financially responsible relative
or representative for covered services that were paid or could have been paid by the system.      
   No funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS, or interest earned thereon, shall be used for the
purpose of influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any Federal or State agency, a member of the United States Congress or State Legislature, an officer or employee of a member of the United States Congress or State
Legislature in connection with awarding of any Federal or State contract, the making of any Federal or State grant, the making of any Federal or State loan, the entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment or modification of any Federal or State contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement. The Contractor shall disclose if any funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS have been used or will be used to influence the persons and entities
indicated above and will assist AHCCCS in making such disclosures to CMS.      

32.  
  NO GUARANTEED QUANTITIES       AHCCCS does not guarantee the Contractor any minimum or maximum quantity of
services or goods to be provided under this contract.      
   In accordance with A.R.S.  41-1461 et seq. and Executive Order 2009-09, the
Contractor shall provide equal employment opportunities for all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, disability or political affiliation. The Contractor shall comply with the Americans with Disabilities
Act.      

34.  
  NON-EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES       The rights and the remedies of AHCCCS under this contract are not exclusive.

35.  
  OFF-SHORE PERFORMANCE OF WORK PROHIBITED       Any services that are described in the specifications or scope
of work that directly serve the State of Arizona or its clients and involve access to secure or sensitive data or personal client data shall be performed within the defined territories of the United States. Unless specifically stated otherwise in
the specifications, this paragraph does not apply to indirect or  overhead  services, redundant back-up services or services that are incidental to the performance of the contract. This provision applies to work performed by subcontractors
at all tiers.      
   The parties to this contract shall be bound by all terms and conditions contained
herein. For interpreting such terms and conditions the following sources shall have precedence in descending order: The Constitution and laws of the United States and applicable Federal regulations; the terms of the CMS 1115 waiver for the State of
Arizona; the Constitution and laws of Arizona, and applicable State Rules; the terms of this contract which consists of the RFP, the proposal of the successful Offeror, and any Best and Final Offer including any attachments, executed amendments and
modifications; and AHCCCS policies and procedures.  

37.  
  OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION AND DATA       Materials, reports and other deliverables created under this contract
are the sole property of AHCCCS. The Contractor is not entitled to any rights to those materials and may not transfer any rights to anyone else. Except as necessary to carry out the requirements of this contract, as otherwise allowed under this
contract, or as required by law, the Contractor shall not use or release data, information or materials, reports, or deliverables derived from that data or information without the prior written consent of AHCCCS. Data, information and reports
collected or prepared by the Contractor in the course of performing its duties and obligations under this contract shall not be used by the Contractor for any independent project of the Contractor or publicized by the Contractor without the prior
written permission of AHCCCS. Subject to applicable state and Federal laws and regulations, AHCCCS shall have full and complete rights to reproduce, duplicate, disclose and otherwise use all such information.  
 At the termination of the contract, the Contractor shall make available all such data to AHCCCS within 30 days following termination of the contract or such
longer period as approved by AHCCCS, Office of the Director. For purposes of this subsection, the term  data  shall not include member medical records.  
 Except as otherwise provided in this section, if any copyrightable or patentable material is developed by the Contractor in the course of performance of this
contract, the Federal government, AHCCCS and the State of Arizona shall have a royalty-free, nonexclusive, and irrevocable right to reproduce, publish, or otherwise use, and to authorize others to use, the work for state or Federal government
purposes. The Contractor shall additionally be subject to the applicable provisions of 45 CFR Part 74.      

39.  
  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES       The Contractor under this contract is an independent Contractor. Neither party
to this contract shall be deemed to be the employee or agent of the other party to the contract.      
   AHCCCS shall be entitled to offset against any sums due the Contractor any expenses or
costs incurred by AHCCCS or damages assessed by AHCCCS concerning the Contractor s non-conforming performance or failure to perform the contract, including but not limited to expenses, costs and damages.  
   
   If AHCCCS, in good faith, has reason to believe that the Contractor does not intend
to perform or is unable to continue to perform this contract, the procurement officer may demand in writing that the Contractor give a written assurance of intent to perform. The demand shall be sent to the Contractor by certified mail, return
receipt required. Failure by the Contractor to provide written assurance within the number of days specified in the demand may, at the State s option, be the basis for terminating the contract.  

40.  
  RIGHT TO INSPECT PLANT OR PLACE OF BUSINESS       AHCCCS may, at reasonable times, inspect the part of the
plant or place of business of the Contractor or subcontractor that is related to the performance of this contract, in accordance with A.R.S.  41-2547.      

The provisions of this contract are severable. Any term or condition deemed illegal or
invalid shall not affect any other term or condition of the contract.      

43.  
  SUSPENSION OR DEBARMENT       The Contractor shall not employ, consult, subcontract or enter into any
agreement for Title XIX services with any person or entity who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity or from participating in non-procurement activities under regulations issued under Executive Order 12549
[42 CFR 438.610(a)(b)] or under guidelines implementing Executive Order 12549. This prohibition extends to any entity which employs, consults, subcontracts with or otherwise reimburses for services any person substantially involved in the management
of another entity which is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity. The Contractor is obligated to screen all employees and contractors to determine whether any of them have been excluded from participation in
Federal health care programs. The Contractor can search the HHS-OIG website by the names of any individuals. The database can be accessed at http://www.oig.hhs.gov/fraud/exclusions.asp.  
 The Contractor shall not retain as a director, officer, partner or owner of 5% or more of the Contractor entity, any person, or affiliate of such a person,
who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity.    AHCCCS may, by written notice to the Contractor, immediately
terminate this contract if it determines that the Contractor has been debarred, suspended or otherwise lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity.  

44.  
  TEMPORARY MANAGEMENT/OPERATION OF A CONTRACTOR        Temporary Management/Operation by AHCCCS :
Pursuant to the Medicaid Managed Care Regulations, 42 CFR 438.700 et seq. and State Law A.R.S.  36-2903, AHCCCS is authorized to impose temporary management for a Contractor under certain conditions. Under Federal law, temporary management may
be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is continued egregious behavior by the Contractor, including but not limited to the following: substantial failure to provide medically necessary services the Contractor is required to provide; imposition
on enrollees premiums or charges that exceed those permitted by AHCCCS, discrimination among enrollees on the basis of health status or need for health care services; misrepresentation or falsification of information to AHCCCS or CMS;
misrepresentation or falsification of information furnished to an enrollee or provider; distribution of marketing materials that have not been approved by AHCCCS or that are false or misleading; or behavior contrary to any requirements of Sections
1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Temporary management may also be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is substantial risk to enrollees  health or that temporary management is necessary to ensure the health of enrollees while the
Contractor is correcting the deficiencies noted above or until there is an orderly transition or reorganization of the Contractor. Under Federal law, temporary management is mandatory if AHCCCS determines that the Contractor has repeatedly failed to
meet substantive requirements in Sections 1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Pursuant to 42 CFR 438.706, AHCCCS shall not delay imposition of temporary management to provide a hearing before imposing this sanction.  
 If AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor, AHCCCS, through designees appointed by the Director, shall be vested with full and exclusive power of
management and control of the Contractor as necessary to ensure the uninterrupted care to persons and accomplish the orderly transition of persons to a new or existing Contractor, or until the Contractor corrects the contract performance failure to
the satisfaction of AHCCCS. AHCCCS shall have the power to employ any necessary assistants, to execute any instrument in the name of the Contractor, to commence, defend and conduct in its name any action or proceeding in which the Contractor may be
a party; such powers shall only apply with respect to activities occurring after AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor in connection with this Section.  

All reasonable expenses of AHCCCS related to the direct operation of the Contractor, including attorney fees,
cost of preliminary or other audits of the Contractor and expenses related to the management of any office or other assets of the Contractor, shall be paid by the Contractor or withheld from payment due from AHCCCS to the Contractor.  

45.  
  TERM OF CONTRACT AND OPTION TO RENEW       The initial term of this contract shall be for three
(3) initial years, with two (2) one-year options to extend, not to exceed a total contracting period of five (5) years. The contract cycle is October 1 through September 30 with an annual October 1 renewal. The terms
and conditions of any such contract extension shall remain the same as the original contract, as amended. Any contract extension shall be through contract amendment, and shall be at the sole option of AHCCCS.  
 If the Contractor has been awarded a contract in more than one GSA, each such contract will be considered separately renewable. AHCCCS may renew the
Contractor s contract in one GSA, but not in another. In the event AHCCCS determines there are issues of noncompliance by the Contractor in one GSA, AHCCCS may request an enrollment cap for the Contractor s contracts in all other GSAs.
Further, AHCCCS may require the Contractor to renew all currently awarded GSAs, or may terminate the contract if the Contractor does not agree to renew all currently awarded GSAs.  
 When the Contracting Officer issues an amendment to extend the contract, the provisions of such extension will be deemed to have been accepted 30 days after
the date of mailing by the Contracting Officer, unless a different time period is specified by AHCCCS, even if the extension amendment has not been signed by the Contractor, unless within that time the Contractor notifies the Contracting Officer in
writing that it refuses to sign the extension amendment. Failure of an existing Contractor to accept an amendment (or renew) may result in immediate suspension/termination of member assignment. If the Contractor provides such notification, the
Contracting Officer will initiate contract termination proceedings.    If the Contractor chooses not to renew this contract, the Contractor may be liable
for certain costs associated with the transition of its members to a different Contractor. The Contractor is required to provide 180 days advance written notice to the Contracts and Purchasing Administrator of its intent not to renew the contract.
If the Contractor provides the Contracts and Purchasing Administrator written notice of its intent not to renew this contract at least 180 days before its expiration, this liability for transition costs may be waived by the Contracting Officer.  
   
   AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate this contract in whole or in part by reason of force
majeure, due to the failure of the Contractor to comply with any term or condition of the contract, including, but not limited to, circumstances which present risk to member health or safety, and as authorized by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and
42 CFR 438.708. The term force majeure means an occurrence that is beyond the control of AHCCCS and occurs without its fault or negligence. Force majeure includes acts of God and other similar occurrences beyond the control of AHCCCS which it is
unable to prevent by exercising reasonable diligence.    If the Contractor is providing services under more than one contract with AHCCCS, AHCCCS may deem
unsatisfactory performance under one contract to be cause to require the Contractor to provide assurance of performance under any and all other contracts. In such situations, AHCCCS reserves the right to seek remedies under both actual and
anticipatory breaches of contract if adequate assurance of performance is not received. The Contracting Officer shall mail written notice of the termination and the reason(s) for it to the Contractor by certified mail, return receipt requested.
Pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and 42 CFR 438.708, AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor with a pre-termination hearing before termination of the contract.  
 Upon termination, all documents, data, and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be delivered to AHCCCS
immediately on demand.  

AHCCCS may, upon termination of this contract, procure on terms and in the manner that it deems appropriate,
materials or services to replace those under this contract. The Contractor shall be liable for any excess costs incurred by AHCCCS in re-procuring the materials or services.      

47.  
  TERMINATION - AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS       Funds are not presently available for performance under this
contract beyond the current fiscal year. No legal liability on the part of AHCCCS for any payment may arise under this contract until funds are made available for performance of this contract.  
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by Contractor, if, for any reason, there are not sufficient
appropriated and available monies for the purpose of maintaining this Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Contractor shall have no further obligation to AHCCCS.      

48.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONFLICT OF INTEREST       AHCCCS may cancel this contract without penalty or further
obligation if any person significantly involved in initiating, negotiating, securing, drafting or creating the contract on behalf of AHCCCS is, or becomes at any time while the contract or any extension of the contract is in effect, an employee of,
or a consultant to, any other party to this contract with respect to the subject matter of the contract. The cancellation shall be effective when the Contractor receives written notice of the cancellation unless the notice specifies a later time.
   If the Contractor is a political subdivision of the State, it may also cancel this contract as provided by A.R.S.  38-511.  

49.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE       AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate the contract in whole or in part at
any time for the convenience of the State without penalty or recourse. The Contracting Officer shall give written notice by certified mail, of the termination at least 90 days before the effective date of the termination. Upon receipt of written
notice, the Contractor shall stop all work, as directed in the notice, notify all subcontractors of the effective date of the termination and minimize all further costs to the State. In the event of termination under this paragraph, all documents,
data and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be delivered to AHCCCS immediately upon demand. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive just and equitable compensation for work in progress, work
completed and materials accepted before the effective date of the termination.      

50.  
  THIRD PARTY ANTITRUST VIOLATIONS       The Contractor assigns to the State any claim for overcharges
resulting from antitrust violations to the extent that those violations concern materials or services supplied by third parties to the Contractor toward fulfillment of this contract.  
   
   Fixed-Price, stated as capitated per member per month, except as otherwise provided.

52.  
  WARRANTY OF SERVICES       The Contractor warrants that all services provided under this contract will
conform to the requirements stated herein. AHCCCS  acceptance of services provided by the Contractor shall not relieve the Contractor from its obligations under this warranty. In addition to its other remedies, AHCCCS may, at the
Contractor s expense, require prompt correction of any services failing to meet the Contractor s warranty herein. Services corrected by the Contractor shall be subject to all of the provisions of this contract in the manner and to the same
extent as the services originally furnished.  

[END OF SECTION E]  

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
    ATTACHMENT F1:     ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND
APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS   
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         
       
  SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS      ATTACHMENT F1.
ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS     The Contractor shall have a written policy delineating its Grievance and Appeal System which shall be
in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including, but not limited to 42 CFR Part 438 Subpart F. The Contractor shall furnish Grievance and Appeal System information to enrollees no later than 12 days after
the Contractor receives notice of the enrollment and annually thereafter. The Contractor shall also provide this information to all providers and subcontractors at the time of contract. Additionally, the Contractor shall provide written notification
of any significant change in this policy at least 30 days before the intended effective date of the change.    The written information provided to enrollees
describing the Grievance and Appeal System including the grievance process, the appeals process, enrollee rights, the Grievance and Appeal System requirements and timeframes, shall be in each prevalent non-English language occurring within the
Contractor s service area and in an easily understood language and format.    Written documents, including but not limited to, the Notice of Action,
the Notice of Extension of Notice of Action, the Notice of Appeal Resolution and Notice of Extension for Resolution, shall contain information in the prevalent non-English language(s), prominently displayed in large bold print on the first page of
the document The information shall advise the enrollee that the written document is available in the prevalent non-English language(s) and in alternative formats along with an explanation of how enrollees may obtain this written information in the
prevalent non-English language(s) and alternative formats. However, if prior to issuing a document in English, the Contractor receives information orally or in writing that the enrollee has a limited English proficiency in a prevalent non-English
language, the Contractor shall translate the document in the applicable prevalent non-English language before providing it to the enrollee.    The
Contractor shall also inform enrollees that oral interpretation services are available in any language, and alternative communication formats are available for enrollees who have hearing or vision impairment.  
   For additional information regarding the enrollee Notice of Action process, the Contractor should refer to ACOM Policy 414 and 42 CFR Part 438. 
Failure to comply with any of these provisions may result in an imposition of sanctions.     At a minimum, the Contractor s Grievance and Appeal
System Standards and Policy shall specify:      

1. 
 That the Contractor shall maintain records of all grievances, appeals and requests for hearing.        

2. 
 That the Contractor has a mechanism for tracking receipt, acknowledgement, investigation and resolution of grievances, appeals and requests for hearing within the required timeframes.    

3. 
 Information explaining the grievance, appeal, and fair hearing procedures and timeframes. This information shall include a description of the circumstances when there is a right to a hearing, the method for obtaining a
hearing, the requirements which govern representation at the hearing, the right to file grievance and appeals and the requirements and timeframes for filing a grievance, appeal, or request for hearing.    

4. 
 The availability of assistance in the filing process and the Contractor s toll-free numbers that an enrollee can use to file a grievance or appeal by phone.    

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
    ATTACHMENT F1:     ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND
APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS   
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

5. 
 That the Contractor shall acknowledge receipt of each grievance and appeal. For grievances, the Contractor is not required to acknowledge receipt of the Grievance in writing, however, if the enrollee requests written
acknowledgement, the acknowledgement must be made within five business days of receipt of the request. For Appeals, the Contractor shall acknowledge receipt of standard appeals in writing within five business days of receipt and within one business
day of receipt of expedited appeals.        

6. 
 That the Contractor shall permit both oral and written appeals and grievances and that oral inquiries appealing an action are treated as appeals.    

7. 
 The definition of action [42 CFR 438.400(b)] and that an enrollee, or their designated representative, may file an appeal of an action taken by the Contractor. Actions include:    

a. 
 Denial or limited authorization of a requested service, including the type or level of service;        

b. 
 Reduction, suspension, or termination of a previously authorized service;        

c. 
 Denial, in whole or in part, of payment for a service;        

d. 
 Failure to provide services in a timely manner, as defined by the State;        

e. 
 Failure to act within the timeframes provided in 42 CFR 438.408(b) required for standard and expedited resolution of appeals and standard disposition of grievances; or    

f. 
 Denial of a rural enrollee s request to obtain services outside the Contractor s network under 42 CFR 438.52(b)(2)(ii), when the Contractor is the only Contractor in the rural area.    

9. 
 That the Contractor shall ensure that individuals who make decisions regarding grievances and appeals are individuals not involved in any previous level of review or decision making and that individuals who make
decisions regarding: 1) appeals of denials based on lack of medical necessity, 2) a grievance regarding denial of expedited resolution of an appeal or 3) grievances or appeals involving clinical issues are health care professionals as defined in 42
CFR 438.2 with the appropriate clinical expertise in treating the enrollee s condition or disease.        

10. 
 The definition of grievance as a member s expression of dissatisfaction with any aspect of their care, other than the appeal of actions. There are no time limits for filing an enrollee grievance.    

11. 
 That an enrollee must file a grievance with the Contractor and that the enrollee is not permitted to file a grievance directly with AHCCCS.    

12. 
 That the Contractor shall not delegate the Grievance and Appeal System requirements to its providers.        

13. 
 That the Contractor shall address identified issues as expeditiously as the person s condition requires and must resolve each grievance within 10 business days of receipt, absent extraordinary circumstances.
However, no grievances shall exceed 90 days for resolution. Contractor decisions on enrollee grievances cannot be appealed.        

14. 
 That the Contractor responds in writing, if an enrollee requests a written explanation of the resolution, and the response must be mailed within 10 business days of resolution of the grievance.    

15. 
 That an enrollee shall be given 60 days from the date of the Contractor s Notice of Action to file an appeal.        

16. 
 Information explaining that a provider acting on behalf of an enrollee and with the enrollee s written consent, may file an appeal.    

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
    ATTACHMENT F1:     ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND
APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS   
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

17. 
 That the Contractor include, as parties to the appeal, the enrollee, the enrollee s legal representative, or the legal representative of a deceased enrollee s estate.    

18. 
 That the Contractor must ensure that punitive action is not taken against a provider who either requests an expedited resolution or supports an enrollee s appeal.    

19. 
 The resolution timeframes for standard appeals and expedited appeals may be extended up to 14 days if the enrollee requests the extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional information and that the
delay is in the enrollee s interest.        

20. 
 That if the Contractor extends the timeframe for resolution of an appeal when not requested by the enrollee, the Contractor shall provide the enrollee with written notice of the reason for the delay.    

21. 
 The definition of a service authorization request as an enrollee s request for the provision of a service [42 CFR 431.201].        

22. 
 The definition of a standard authorization request. For standard authorization decisions, the Contractor must provide a Notice of Action to the enrollee as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires,
but not later than 14 days following the receipt of the authorization request with a possible extension of up to 14 days if the enrollee or provider requests an extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional information and delay
is in the enrollee s best interest [42 CFR 438.210(d)(1)]. The Notice of Action must comply with the advance notice requirements when there is a termination or reduction of a previously authorized service OR when there is a denial of an
authorization request and the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment is a necessary continuation of a previously authorized service.        

23. 
 The definition of an expedited authorization request. For expedited authorization decisions, the Contractor must provide a Notice of Action to the enrollee as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition
requires, but not later than three business days following the receipt of the authorization request with a possible extension of up to 14 days if the enrollee or provider requests an extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional
information and delay is in the enrollee s interest [42 CFR 438.210(d)(2)].        

24. 
 That the Notice of Action for a service authorization decision not made within the standard or expedited timeframes, whichever is applicable, will be made on the date that the timeframes expire. If the Contractor
extends the timeframe to make a standard or expedited authorization decision, the Contractor must give the enrollee written notice of the reason to extend the timeframe and inform the enrollee of the right to file a grievance if the enrollee
disagrees with the decision. The Contractor must issue and carry out its decision as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires and no later than the date the extension expires.    

25. 
 That the Contractor shall notify the requesting provider of the decision to deny or reduce a service authorization request. The notice to the provider must be written.    

26. 
 That the Contractor shall mail a Notice of Action: 1) at least 10 days before the date of a termination, suspension or reduction of previously authorized AHCCCS services, except as provided in (a)-(e) below; 2) at
least five days before the date of action in the case of suspected fraud; 3) at the time of any action affecting the claim when there has been a denial of payment for a service, in whole or in part; 4) within 14 days from receipt of a standard
service authorization request and within three business days from receipt of an expedited service authorization request, unless an extension is in effect. For service authorization decisions, the Contractor shall also ensure that the Notice of
Action provides the enrollee with advance notice and the right to request continued benefits for all terminations and reductions of a previously authorized service and for denials when the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment which
has been denied is a necessary continuation of a previously authorized service. As described below, the Contractor may elect to mail a Notice of Action no later than the date of action when:    

a. 
 The Contractor receives notification of the death of an enrollee    

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
    ATTACHMENT F1:     ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND
APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS   
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

b. 
 The enrollee signs a written statement requesting service termination or gives information requiring termination or reduction of services (which indicates understanding that the termination or reduction will be the
result of supplying that information)        

c. 
 The enrollee is admitted to an institution where he is ineligible for further services        

d. 
 The enrollee s address is unknown and mail directed to the enrollee has no forwarding address        

e. 
 The enrollee has been accepted for Medicaid in another local jurisdiction        

27. 
 That the Notice of Action must explain: 1) the action the Contractor has taken or intends to take, 2) the reasons for the action, 3) the enrollee s right to file an appeal with the Contractor, 4) the procedures for
exercising these rights, 5) circumstances when expedited resolution is available and how to request it and 6) the enrollee s right to receive continued benefits pending resolution of the appeal, how to request continued benefits and the
circumstances under which the enrollee may be required to pay for the cost of these services. The Notice of Action shall comply with ACOM Policy 414.        

28. 
 The definition of a standard appeal and that the Contractor shall resolve standard appeals no later than 30 days from the date of receipt of the appeal unless an extension is in effect. If a Notice of Appeal Resolution
is not completed when the timeframe expires, the member s appeal shall be considered to be denied by the Contractor, and the member can file a request for hearing.    

29. 
 The definition of an expedited appeal and that the Contractor shall resolve all expedited appeals no later than three business days from the date the Contractor receives the appeal (unless an extension is in effect)
where the Contractor determines (for a request from the enrollee), or the provider (in making the request on the enrollee s behalf indicates) that the standard resolution timeframe could seriously jeopardize the enrollee s life or health
or ability to attain, maintain or regain maximum function. The Contractor shall make reasonable efforts to provide oral notice to an enrollee regarding an expedited resolution appeal. If a Notice of Appeal Resolution is not completed when the
timeframe expires, the member s appeal shall be considered to be denied by the Contractor, and the member can file a request for hearing.        

30. 
 That if the Contractor denies a request for expedited resolution, it must transfer the appeal to the 30-day timeframe for a standard appeal. The Contractor must make reasonable efforts to give the enrollee prompt oral
notice and follow-up within two days with a written notice of the denial of expedited resolution.        

31. 
 That benefits shall continue until a hearing decision is rendered if: 1) the enrollee files an appeal before the later of a) 10 days from the mailing of the Notice of Action or b) the intended date of the
Contractor s action, 2) a) the appeal involves the termination, suspension, or reduction of a previously authorized course of treatment or b) the appeal involves a denial and the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment is a
necessary continuation of a previously authorized service, 3) the services were ordered by an authorized provider and 4) the enrollee requests a continuation of benefits.    
 For purposes of this paragraph, benefits shall be continued based on the authorization which was in place prior to the denial, termination,
reduction, or suspension which has been appealed.      

32. 
 That the Contractor continues extended benefits originally provided to the enrollee until any of the following occurs: 1) the enrollee withdraws the appeal, 2) the enrollee has not specifically requested continued
benefits pending a hearing decision within 10 days of the Contractor mailing of the appeal resolution notice, or 3) AHCCCS issues a state fair hearing decision adverse to the enrollee.    

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
    ATTACHMENT F1:     ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND
APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS   
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

33. 
 That for appeals, the Contractor provides the enrollee a reasonable opportunity to present evidence and allegations of fact or law in person and in writing and that the Contractor informs the enrollee of the limited
time available in cases involving expedited resolution.        

34. 
 That for appeals, the Contractor provides the enrollee and his representative the opportunity before and during the appeals process to examine the enrollee s case file including medical records and other documents
considered during the appeals process.        

35. 
 That the Contractor shall provide written Notice of Appeal Resolution to the enrollee and the enrollee s representative or the representative of the deceased enrollee s estate which must contain: 1) the
results of the resolution process, including the legal citations or authorities supporting the determination, and the date it was completed, and 2) for appeals not resolved wholly in favor of enrollees: a) the enrollee s right to request a
State fair hearing (including the requirement that the enrollee must file the request for a hearing in writing) no later than 30 days after the date the enrollee receives the Contractor s notice of appeal resolution and how to do so, b) the
right to receive continued benefits pending the hearing and how to request continuation of benefits and c) information explaining that the enrollee may be held liable for the cost of benefits if the hearing decision upholds the Contractor.

36. 
 That if the enrollee files a request for hearing the Contractor must ensure that the case file and all supporting documentation is received by the AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS) as specified by
OALS. The file provided by the Contractor must contain a cover letter that includes:        

a. 
 Enrollee s name        

b. 
 Enrollee s AHCCCS I.D. number        

c. 
 Enrollee s address        

d. 
 Enrollee s phone number (if applicable)        

e. 
 Date of receipt of the appeal        

f. 
 Summary of the Contractor s actions undertaken to resolve the appeal and summary of the appeal resolution        

37. 
 The following material shall be included in the file sent by the Contractor:        

a. 
 The Enrollee s written request for hearing        

b. 
 Copies of the entire appeal file which includes all supporting documentation including pertinent findings and medical records        

c. 
 The Contractor s Notice of Appeal Resolution        

d. 
 Other information relevant to the resolution of the appeal        

38. 
 That if the Contractor or the State fair hearing decision reverses a decision to deny, limit or delay services not furnished during the appeal or the pendency of the hearing process, the Contractor shall authorize or
provide the services promptly and as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires irrespective of whether the Contractor contests the decision.        

39. 
 That if the Contractor or State fair hearing decision reverses a decision to deny authorization of services and the disputed services were received pending appeal, the Contractor shall pay for those services, as
specified in policy and/or regulation.        

40. 
   That if the Contractor or the Director s Decision reverses a decision to deny, limit, or delay authorization
of services, and the member received the disputed services while the appeal was pending, the Contractor shall process a claim for payment from the provider in a manner consistent with the Contractor s or Director s Decision and applicable
statutes, Rules, policies, and contract terms. The provider shall have 90 days from the date of the reversed decision to submit a clean claim to the Contractor for payment. For all     

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
    ATTACHMENT F1:     ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND
APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS   
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision, the Contractor is prohibited from denying claims for un-timeliness if they are submitted within the 90 day timeframe. The Contractor is also
prohibited from denying claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision because the member failed to request continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process: a member s failure to request continuation of services during the
appeals/hearing process is not a valid basis to deny the claim.        

41. 
 That if the Contractor or State fair hearing decision upholds a decision to deny authorization of services and the disputed services were received pending appeal, the Contractor may recover the cost of those services
from the enrollee.        

42. 
 That the Contractor shall track and trend Grievance and Appeal System information as a source of information for quality improvement.    
 [END OF ATTACHMENT F1]  

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F2 PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         
       
  ATTACHMENT F2. PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS   
 The Contractor shall have in place a written claim dispute policy for its subcontractors and non-contracted providers. The policy shall be in accordance with
applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies.  Failure to comply with any of these provisions may result in the imposition of sanctions.   
 The claim dispute policy shall include the following provisions:      

1. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy shall stipulate that all claim disputes must be adjudicated in Arizona, including those claim disputes arising from claims processed by an Administrative Services Subcontractor.

2. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy shall be provided to all subcontractors at the time of contract. For providers without a contract, the claim dispute policy may be mailed with a remittance advice, provided the
remittance is sent within 45 days of receipt of a claim.        

3. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy must specify that all claim disputes challenging claim payments, denials or recoupments must be filed in writing with the Contractor no later than 12 months from the date of
service, 12 months after the date of eligibility posting or within 60 days after the payment, denial or recoupment of a timely claim submission, whichever is later.    

4. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy must specify a physical local address in Arizona for the submission of all provider claim disputes and hearing requests.    

5. 
 That specific individuals are appointed with authority to require corrective action and with requisite experience to administer the claim dispute process.    

6. 
 That the Contractor shall develop and maintain a tracking log for all claim disputes containing sufficient information to identify the Complainant, date of receipt, nature of the claim dispute, resolution of the claim
dispute and the date of resolution.        

7. 
 That claim disputes are acknowledged in writing and within five business days of receipt.        

8. 
 Claim disputes are thoroughly investigated using the applicable statutory, regulatory, contractual and policy provisions, ensuring that relevant facts are obtained from all parties.    

9. 
 All documentation received by the Contractor during the claim dispute process is dated upon receipt.        

10. 
 Claim disputes are filed in a secure, designated area and are retained for five years following the Contractor s decision, the AHCCCS decision, judicial appeal or close of the claim dispute, whichever is later,
unless otherwise provided by law.        

11. 
 A copy of the Contractor s Notice of Decision  Decision  shall be mailed to all parties no later than 30 days after the provider files a claim dispute with the Contractor, unless the provider and
Contractor agree to a longer period. The Decision must include and describe in detail, the following:        

a. 
 The nature of the claim dispute.        

b. 
 The specific factual and legal basis for the dispute, including but not limited to, an explanation of the specific facts that pertain to the claim dispute, the identification of the member name, pertinent dates of
service, dates and specific reasons for Contractor denial / payment of the claim, and whether or not the provider is a contracted provider.    

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F2 PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

c. 
 The reasons supporting the Contractor Decision, including an explanation of 1) how the Contractor applies the relevant and specific facts in the case to the relevant laws to support the Contractor s decision and 2)
the applicable statutes, rules, contractual provisions, policies, and procedures, if applicable. Reference to general legal authorities alone is not acceptable.        

d. 
 The Provider s right to request a hearing by filing a written request to the Contractor no later than 30 days after the date the provider receives the Decision.    

e. 
 If the claim dispute is overturned, in full or in part, the requirement that the Contractor shall reprocess and pay the claim(s) in a manner consistent with the decision within 15 business days of the date of the
Decision.        

12. 
 If the provider files a written request for hearing, the Contractor must ensure that all supporting documentation is received by the AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS), no later than five business
days from the date the Contractor receives the provider s written hearing request. The file sent by the Contractor must contain a cover letter that includes:    

a. 
 The provider s name        

b. 
 The provider s address        

c. 
 The member s name and AHCCCS Identification Number        

d. 
 The provider s phone number (if applicable)        

e. 
 The date that the claim dispute was received by the Contractor        

f. 
 A summary of the actions undertaken by the Contractor to resolve the claim dispute and basis for the determination    
 If the Contractor upholds a claim dispute and a request for hearing is subsequently filed, the Contractor must review the matter to determine
why the request for hearing was filed and resolve the matter when appropriate.      

13. 
 The following material shall be included in the file sent by the Contractor:        

a. 
 The written request for hearing filed by the provider        

b. 
 Copies of the entire file which includes pertinent records; and the Decision        

c. 
 Other information relevant to the Decision        

14. 
 If the Contractor s Decision regarding a claim dispute is reversed, in full or in part, through the appeal process, the Contractor shall reprocess and pay the claim(s) in a manner consistent with the Decision along
with any applicable interest within 15 business days of the date of the Decision.      If the Contractor or the State fair
hearing decision reverses a decision to deny, limit or delay services not furnished during the claim dispute or the pendency of the hearing process, the Contractor shall authorize or provide the services promptly and as expeditiously as the
enrollee s health condition requires irrespective of whether the Contractor contests the decision.    [END OF ATTACHMENT F2]  

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3 CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         
       
  ATTACHMENT F3. CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES   
 The following table is a summary of the periodic reporting requirements for the Contractor and is subject to change at any time during the term of the
contract. The table is presented for convenience only and should not be construed to limit the Contractor s responsibilities in any manner. Content for all deliverables is subject to review. AHCCCS may assess sanctions if it is determined that
late, inaccurate or incomplete data is submitted.    The deliverables listed below are due by 5:00 PM on the due date indicated, if the due date falls on a
weekend or a State Holiday the due date is 5:00 PM on the next business day.    If a Contractor is in compliance with the contractual standards on the
deliverables below marked with an asterisk (*), for a period of three consecutive months, the Contractor may request to submit data on a quarterly basis. However, if the Contractor is non-compliant with any standard on the deliverable or AHCCCS has
concerns during the reporting quarter, the Contractor must immediately begin to submit on a monthly basis until three consecutive months of compliance are achieved.  

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

AHCCCS PROCUREMENT OFFICE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Certifications of Insurance 
   
 Within 10 days of notification of contract award and prior to commencement of any services under this contract. 
   
 Section E 
   
 Paragraph 27 
   
 N/A 
   
 AHCCCS Procurement Office 
   
 Email notification to AHCCCS Procurement  

AHCCCS PROCUREMENT OFFICE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Insurance Material Change 
   
 Within 30 days of event 
   
 Section E 
   
 Paragraph 27 
   
 N/A 
   
 AHCCCS Procurement Office 
   
 Email notification to AHCCCS Procurement  

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Third Party Liability Reporting - Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources: TPL Leads File or Via the TPL Referral Web Portal 
   
 Within 10 days of discovery 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 58 
   
 AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines 
   
 AHCCCS ISD or the AHCCCS TPL Contractor (HMS) 
   
 AHCCCS SFTP or the TPL Referral Web Portal: https://ecenter. hmsy.com/  

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Third Party Liability Reporting - Other Third Party Liability Recoveries: For Determination of a Mass Tort, Total Plan Case, or Joint Case 
   
 Within 10 days of discovery 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 58 
   
 AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines 
   
 AHCCCS TPL Contractor 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Total Plan Case Settlement Reporting via Monthly File (When reporting, Contractors must use the monthly file or the ad hoc form) 
   
   20 th  day of the month  
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 58 
   
 ACOM Policy 434 
   
 AHCCCS TPL Management Analyst 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission  

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Total Plan Case Settlement Reporting via the Settlement Notification Form (When reporting, Contractors must use the monthly file or the ad hoc form) 
   
 Within 10 business days from the settlement date 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 58 
   
 ACOM Policy 434 Attachment A 
   
 AHCCCS TPL Management Analyst 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Actions Reported to the NPDB or a Regulatory Board 
   
 Within one business day 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Adverse Action Reporting (Including Limitations and Terminations) 
   
 Within one business day 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Advise of Significant Incidents/Accidents Including Abuse, Neglect and Unexpected Death 
   
 Within 1 day of awareness 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 AHCCCS Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination   AHCCCS Verification of Diagnosis by Contractor for Pregnancy Termination Requests 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Communication of Adverse Action to Provider 
   
 Within one business day 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Credentialing and Re-credentialing Denials 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 AMPM 950 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 HCAC and OPPC 
   
 Upon identification by Contractor 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23; Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900; AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Immunization Audit 
   
 As requested by AHCCCS 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Reports   Baseline, Interim, Final, and Updates as Requested 
   
 Refer to AMPM 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Physician Incentives: Contractor-Selected and/or Developed Pay for Performance Initiatives 
   
 Prior Approval Required 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 42 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Physician Incentives: Contractual Arrangements with Substantial Financial Risk 
   
 45 days prior to implementation of the contract 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 42 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Stillbirth Supplement Request 
   
 Immediately following procedure 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Court Ordered Treatment Policy 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 12 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Dental Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 EPSDT Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Maternity Care Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Baseline 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Re-Measurement 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Quality Assessment/Performance Improvement Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Monthly Pregnancy Termination 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Sterilization Reporting 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server, password protected with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Credentialing Quarterly Report 
   
 30 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 EPSDT Improvement and Adult Quarterly Monitoring 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Key Staff: Staff Primary and Back-Up Contact Information for Urgent Issue Resolution 
   
 30 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 16 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 QM Quarterly 
   
 45 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 23 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Semi-Annual Report of Number of Pregnant Women who are HIV/AIDS Positive 
   
 30 days after the reporting periods of: [10/1 through 3/31]   [4/1 through 9/30] 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 10 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Corporate Compliance: CMS Compliance Issues Related to HIPAA Transaction and Code Set Complaints or Sanction 
   
 Immediately upon discovery 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 Email notification  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Medical Records or Supporting Documentation 
   
 As specified in the requesting letter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 65 
   
 AHCCCS Data Validation Technical Document 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Annually 
   
 AHCCCS Security Rule Compliance Report 
   
 June 1 st  
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 64 
   
 ACOM Policy 108 
   
 DHCM Data Analysis and Research Manager 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Corrected Pended Encounter Data 
   
 Monthly, according to established schedule 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 65 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Monthly 
   
 New Day Encounter 
   
 Monthly, according to established schedule 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 65 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Encounter Submission and Tracking 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 65 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Plan Overrides 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 65 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Plan Voids 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 65 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Corporate Cost Allocation Plans and Adjustment in Management Fees 
   
 Prior approval required 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 43 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Equity Distributions 
   
 Submit for approval prior to effective date 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 49 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: No fee due (if Annual Reporting Does Not Apply) Suspended for 09/30/2017 
   
 September 30 th  of each fee year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 53 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Automatic Clearing House (ACH) Vendor Authorization Form 
   
 45 days prior to the effective date and commencement of operations 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 52 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Performance Bond or Bond Substitute 
   
 30 days after notification from AHCCCS of the amount required 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 46; Paragraph 47 
   
 ACOM Policy 305 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 Secure email  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Reconciliation to Draft Audit 
   
 90 days after year end 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 50 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Reconciliation to Final Audit 
   
 120 days after year end 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 50 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Related Party Transaction Statement 
   
 120 days after year end 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 50 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Draft Annual Financial Reporting Package 
   
 90 days after the end of each fiscal year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 50 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Final Annual Financial Reporting Package 
   
 120 days after the end of each fiscal year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 50 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Final Management Letter 
   
 120 days after year end 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 50 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Federal and State Income Tax Filings Suspended for 04/30/2018 
   
 April 30 th  of the year following the fee year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 53 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Liability Reporting Template Suspended for 09/30/2017 
   
 September 30 th  of each fee year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 53 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Report of Health Insurance Provider Information (IRS Form 8963) Suspended for 09/30/2017 
   
 September 30 th  of each fee year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 53 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) Strategies Certification (Initial) 
   
 Within 60 days of the start of the measurement year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 76 
   
 ACOM Policy 315 CYE 16 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) Strategies (Final) 
   
 Within 180 days of the end of the measurement year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 76 
   
 ACOM Policy 315 CYE 16 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Cost Avoidance/Recovery 
   
 Due 45 days after the reporting quarter: (Oct   Dec: Due Feb 14) (Jan   March: Due May 15) (Apr   June: Due August 14) (July   Sept: Due Nov 14) 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 58 
   
 AHCCCS Program Integrity Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCMFINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 FQHC Member Information 
   
 60 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 34 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Premium Tax Reporting 
   
 March 15th, June 15th, September 15th, December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 67 
   
 ACOM Policy 304 
   
 DHCM Finance Program Monitor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Quarterly Financial Reporting Package 
   
 60 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 50 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For Acute Care Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Verification of Receipt of Paid Services 
   
 15th day after the end of the quarter that follows the reporting quarter (Oct   Dec: Due April 15) (Jan   March: Due July 15) (April   June: Due Oct 15) (July   Sept: Due Jan 15) 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 19 
   
 ACOM Policy 424 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 HIV Specialty Provider List 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 MM Plan, Evaluation and Work Plan 
   
 December 15th 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Non-Transplant and Catastrophic Reinsurance 
   
 By October 30 of each contract year and when newly enrolled in the plan or newly diagnosed. 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 57 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000; AHCCCS Reinsurance Policy Manual 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Quarterly Inpatient Hospital Showings 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Transplant Log 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 High Need/High Cost Coordination Summary 
   
 January 15 and July 15 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Emergency Department Diversion Summary 
   
 October 15 and April 15 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1020 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Pharmacy and/or Prescriber - Member Assignment Report 
   
 April 15 and October 15 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 24 
   
 AMPM 310-FF 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontractor Non- Compliance Reporting 
   
 Within 30 days of discovery 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 37 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontracts 
   
 60 days prior to the beginning date of the subcontract 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 37 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 AHCCCS Required Survey Results 
   
 45 days after the completion 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 19 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Appointment Availability Review Methods 
   
 30 days prior to implementation of the proposed method 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 33 
   
 ACOM Policy 417 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Claim Recoupments  12 Months from Original Payment 
   
 Upon identification by Contractor 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 38 
   
 ACOM Policy 412 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Completed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Documents required after AHCCCS Approval 
   
 Within 120 days of the completed merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, or change of ownership 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 52 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Data Processes for Recoupments 
   
 120 days from receipt of approval 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 38 
   
 ACOM Policy 412 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Final Survey Tool 
   
 90 days prior to the intended start 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 19 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 ID Cards requiring AHCCCS Approval 
   
 30 days prior to dissemination 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 7 
   
 ACOM Policy 433 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Independent Audits of Claims Payment/Health Information Systems 
   
 Upon request by AHCCCS 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 38 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Key Staff: Key Position Change 
   
 Within 7 days of learning of resignation 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 16 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Key Staff: Notification of Moving Functions Out of State 
   
 60 days prior to proposed change 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 16 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Marketing Materials 
   
 21 days prior to dissemination 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 61 
   
 ACOM Policy 101 
   
 DHCM Marketing Committee 
   
 Email to: MarketingCom mittee@azahcc cs.gov  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Material Change to Provider Network 
   
 60 days prior to expected implementation of the change 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 29 
   
 ACOM Policy 439 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Material Change to Business Operations 
   
 60 days prior to expected implementation of the change 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 44 
   
 ACOM Policy 439 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Member Handbook (Final Approved Version) 
   
 On or before the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Member Information Materials 
   
 15 days prior to release 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Non-AHCCCS Required Survey Notification and Results 
   
 Notification: 15 days prior to conducting the survey. Results: 45 days after the completion 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 19 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Notification 
   
 180 days prior to the effective date 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 52 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Transition Plan Initial Documents 
   
 180 days prior to the effective date 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 52 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Transition Plan Final Documents 
   
 90 days prior to the effective date 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 52 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Provider Advances and Loans 
   
 10 days prior to disbursement of funds 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 49 
   
 ACOM Policy 418 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Single Claim Recoupments  $50,000 
   
 30 days prior to initiating the recoupment, or earlier if the information is available 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 38 
   
 ACOM Policy 412 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 System Change Plan 
   
 Six months prior to expected implementation 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 64 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Unexpected Change to Provider Network 
   
 Within one business day 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 29 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Value Based Providers/Centers of Excellence Report 
   
 December 31 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 76 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontractor Evaluation Report 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 37 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Website Certification 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Business Continuity and Recovery Plan Summary 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 73 
   
 ACOM Policy 104 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Cultural Competency Plan Assessment 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 20 
   
 ACOM Policy 405 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Functional Organization Chart 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 16 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Listing of All Key Staff 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 16 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Organization Chart 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 16 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Marketing Attestation Statement 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 61 
   
 ACOM Policy 101 
   
 DHCM Marketing Committee 
   
 Email to: MarketingCom mittee@azahcc cs.gov   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Handbook 
   
 August 1 and 30 days prior to any changes 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Handbook Request for Approval to Forgo Issuing Hard Copy 
   
 60 days prior to the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Information Attestation Statement 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Provider Network Development and Management Plan 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 27 
   
 ACOM Policy 415 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Administrator (Name and Contact Information) 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year and within 30 days of any changes 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 425 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Applications Listing with URLs 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year and within 30 days of any changes 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 425 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Attestation 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 425 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 *Claims Dashboard 
   
 15th day of the month following the reporting period 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 38 
   
 AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Grievance and Appeal System Report 
   
 First day of the 2nd Month following the month Being Reported 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 26 
   
 AHCCCS Grievance and Appeal System Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Marketing Activities Report 
   
 10th of the month for the previous months activities 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 61 
   
 ACOM Policy 101 
   
 DHCM Marketing Committee 
   
 Email to: MarketingCom mittee@azahcc cs.gov  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Appointment Availability Review 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 33 
   
 ACOM Policy 417 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template 
   
 October 15, January 15, April 15, July 15 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 28 
   
 ACOM Policy 436 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Provider Affiliation Transmission 
   
 October 15, January 15, April 15, July 15 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 28 
   
 AHCCCS Provider Affiliation Transmission Manual 
   
 DHCM Operations Executive Staff Assistant 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Provider/Network Changes Due to Rates Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 29 
   
 ACOM Policy 415 Attachment D and Attachment E 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Telephone Performance Measures 
   
 15 th  day of the month following the reporting quarter 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 25 
   
 ACOM Policy 435 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Member Newsletter 
   
 30 days prior to intended publication date 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 18 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DMS, MEMBER DATABASE MANAGEMENT ADMINISTRATION 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 AHCCCS Notification to Waive Medicare Part D Co-Payments 
   
 Immediately upon identification 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 60 
   
 ACOM Policy 201 
   
 AHCCCS, Member Database Management Administration (MDMA) 
   
 Fax: 602-253-4807  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Annually 
   
 Attestation of Disclosure Information: Ownership and Control and Persons Convicted of a Crime 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector   Inspector General 
   
 FTP server with email notification   

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Contract  
  Paragraph   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance Plan 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Exclusions Identified Regarding Persons Convicted of a Crime 
   
 Immediately upon identification 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 N/A 
   
 Office of Inspector - Inspector General 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change of Ownership: Disclosure of Ownership and Control and Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of a Crime Information 
   
 45 days prior to the effective date and commencement of operations 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 52 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 Office of Inspector   Inspector General 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Report Alleged Fraud/ Waste/Abuse of the AHCCCS Program 
   
 Immediately upon identification 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General 
   
 As noted on reporting form  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance: Audit Summary 
   
 July 15 and January 15 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 N/A 
   
 Office of Inspector General 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance: External Auditing Schedule 
   
 April 15 and October 15 
   
 Section D 
   
 Paragraph 62 
   
 N/A 
   
 Office of Inspector General 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

SECTION F: ATTACHMENTS   
 
  ATTACHMENT F3: CONTRACTOR CHART OF DELIVERABLES  
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         
       
  [END OF ATTACHMENT F3]  
 [END OF SECTION F]  

SECTION G:     REPRESENTATIONS AND
CERTIFICATIONS OF OFFEROR   
    
   Contract No. YH14-0001         
       
  SECTION G: RESERVED   

SECTION H: RESERVED   

SECTION I: RESERVED   

ENDNOTES     Effective March 1, 2015 via contract
amendment, the contract language associated with the endnotes below was incorporated into the contract pursuant to CMS contract Managed Care compliance requirements.  
   
  i      ii      iii   
  iv      v      vi   
  vii      viii      ix   
  x      xi      xii   
  xiii      xiv      xv   
  xvi      xvii      xviii   
  xix      xx      xxi   
  xxii      xxiii      xxiv   
  xxv      xxvi      xxvii   
  xxviii      xxix      xxx   
  xxxi      xxxii      xxxiii   
  xxxiv      xxxv   

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.17>
 5
 d275632dex1017.htm
 EX-10.17

EX-10.17 

Exhibit 10.17       
    Behavioral Health Services Administration   
  Effective upon signature, it is mutually agreed that the Contract referenced is amended to incorporate all changes identified herein.   
  All other Provisions shall remain in their entirety.       

Contractor hereby acknowledges receipt and acceptance of above amendment and that a signed copy must be filed with the Procurement Office before the effective date. 

The above referenced Contract Amendment is hereby executed this 5th day of October, 2015 at Phoenix, Arizona  

10/5/15 

10/7/2015  

Signature / Date 

Procurement Officer  

Shawn Nau, CEO  

Authorized Signatory s Name and Title 

Health Choice Integrated Care   

Contractor s Name 

1  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       
 
      2  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

3  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

4  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

5  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

6  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

7  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

8  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GA   
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE_HCIC/NARBHA   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

9  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

1  
  INTRODUCTION         
   The Arizona Department of Health Services/Division of Behavioral Health
Services (ADHS/DBHS) is responsible for administering Arizona s publicly funded behavioral health programs and services for children, adults and their families. For this Contract, ADHS/DBHS and Arizona s Medicaid agency, the Arizona
Health Care Cost Containment System Administration (AHCCCS), have entered into an Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) to design a new health care service delivery system that provides integrated physical and behavioral health services to Medicaid
eligible adults with Serious Mental Illness (SMI). AHCCCS, as the single state Medicaid agency, is currently working with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and seeking approval to obtain a waiver to not offer a choice of
Integrated RBHAs serving individuals with SMI for both behavioral and physical health services. In the event that CMS does not grant a Waiver of Choice members will be auto enrolled in the integrated plan and may have the option to  opt
out  and be enrolled in an approved AHCCCS acute care plan for their physical health care coverage. The Contractor will operate as the Regional Behavioral Health Authority (RBHA) to coordinate the delivery of health care services to eligible
persons in Greater Arizona, which includes all counties except Maricopa County.    Integrating the delivery of behavioral and physical health
care to SMI members is a significant step forward in improving the overall health of SMI members. Under this Contract, the Contractor is the single entity that is responsible for administrative and clinical integration of health care service
delivery, which includes coordinating Medicare and Medicaid benefits for dual eligible members. From a member perspective, this approach will improve individual health outcomes, enhance care coordination and increase member satisfaction. From a
system perspective, it will increase efficiency, reduce administrative burden and foster transparency and accountability.    The Contractor
shall be responsible for ensuring the delivery of medically necessary covered services as follows:      

1.1.1 
 Behavioral health services to Medicaid eligible children and adults;        

1.1.2 
 Behavioral health services to Non-Medicaid eligible children and adults, for which ADHS/DBHS receives funding; and        

1.1.3 
 Integrated behavioral and physical health services to Medicaid eligible adults with SMI, including Medicare benefits for SMI members who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid (dual eligible members), as a Dual
Eligible Special Needs Plan, as specified by the State.        

1.1.4 
 Medicare Benefits for SMI members who are eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare (Dual eligible members) using a Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP).    
      10  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

1.1.5 
 To the following populations as identified on the chart below:        

Contractor Responsibilities
10.1.15    

GMH/SA (18+ Years)   
    
    SMI (18+ Years)   

Children (0-17 Years)     

Population   

NON DUAL - Behavioral Hlth   

DUAL - Behavioral  Hlth   
    
    Behavioral Hlth   
    
    Physical Hlth   
    
    Behavioral Hlth    

ACUTE  
    
 RBHA 
    
 Acute Plan 
    
 RBHA 
    
 RBHA 
    
 RBHA  
 
  ALTCS EPD  
    
 ALTCS Plan 
    
 ALTCS Plan 
    
 ALTCS Plan 
    
 ALTCS Plan 
    
 ALTCS Plan  
 
  ALTCS DD  
    
 RBHA 
    
 RBHA 
    
 RBHA 
    
 DD (Acute Plan contractor) 
    
 RBHA  
 
  CRS  (2)   
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS  
 
  CRS and CMDP (4)   
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS 
    
 CMDP 
    
 CRS  
 
  CRS and DD  
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS 
    
 CRS 
    
 DD (Acute Plan contractor) 
    
 CRS  
 
  CMDP (0-17)  
    
 N/A 
    
 N/A 
    
 N/A 
    
 N/A 
    
 RBHA  
 
  Kidscare  
    
 RBHA 
    
 Acute Plan 
    
 RBHA 
    
 Acute Plan 
    
 RBHA  
 
  AIHP  (1)   
    
 T/RBHA 
    
 T/RBHA Integrated Acute 
    
 T/RBHA 
    
   AIHP 
 Acute Plan 
 Integrated RBHA  
    
 T/RBHA  
 
  State Only (3)   
    
 RBHA 
    
 RBHA 
    
 RBHA 
    
 N/A 
    
 RBHA  

(1) 
 American Indian members can always choose to receive services through IHS/638 facilities.    

(2) 
 This represents CRS members not enrolled with DD or CMDP. RBHAs only have responsibility for state only services for CRS members.    

(3) 
 State only members and State only services    

(4) 
 Responsibilities for the CRS members also enrolled in DD and CMDP remain the same with the exception of DD providing LTC services.        

1.2  
  System Values and Guiding Principles       The following values, guiding system principles
and goals are the foundation for the development of this Contract. Contractor shall administer and ensure delivery of services consistent with these values, principles and goals:  

1.2.1 
 Member and family member involvement at all system levels;        

1.2.2 
 Collaboration with the greater community;        

1.2.3 
 Effective innovation promoting evidence-based practices;        

1.2.4 
 Expectation for continuous quality improvement;        

1.2.11 
 The Nine (9) Guiding Principles for Wellness, Resiliency and Recovery-Oriented Adult Behavioral Health Services and Systems in Exhibit 6; and    

1.2.12 
 The Arizona Vision-Twelve (12) Principles for Children Service Delivery in Exhibit 5.        

1.3  
  Integrated Health Care Service Delivery Principles for Persons with Serious Mental Illness     
 Coordinating and integrating primary and behavioral health care is expected to produce improved access to primary care services, increased
prevention, early identification, and intervention to reduce the incidence of serious physical illnesses, including chronic disease. Increasing and promoting the availability of integrated, holistic care for members with chronic behavioral and
physical health conditions will help members achieve better overall health and an improved quality of life. Beginning in 1.3.1 the principles below describe ADHS/DBHS  vision for integrated care service delivery. However, many of them
apply to all populations for all services in all settings. For example, concepts such as recovery,  
      11  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  
member input, family involvement, person-centered care, communication and commitment are examples that describe  well-established  expectations ADHS/DBHS has
in all of its behavioral health care service delivery contracts.    While these principles have served as the foundation for successful
behavioral health service delivery, providing whole-health integrated care services to individuals with SMI- primarily because of chronic, preventable, physical conditions-is a challenge that calls for a new approach that will improve health care
outcomes in a cost-effective manner. To meet this challenge, the Contractor must be creative and innovative in its oversight and management of the integrated service delivery system. ADHS/DBHS expects the Contractor to embrace the principles below
and demonstrate an unwavering commitment to treat each and every member with dignity and respect as if that member were a relative or loved one seeking care. 
 The Contractor shall comply with all terms, conditions and requirements in this Contract while embedding the following principles in the design
and implementation of an integrated health care service delivery system:      

1.3.1 
 Behavioral, physical, and peer support providers must share the same mission to place the member s  whole-health  needs above all else as the focal point of care.

1.3.2 
 All aspects of the member experience from engagement, treatment planning, service delivery and customer service must be designed to promote recovery and wellness as communicated by the member.    

1.3.3 
 Member input must be incorporated into developing individualized treatment goals, wellness plans, and services.        

1.3.4 
 Peer and family voice must be embedded at all levels of the system.        

1.3.5 
 Recovery is personal, self-directed, and must be individualized to the member.       

1.3.6 
 Family member involvement, community integration and a safe affordable place to live are integral components of a member s recovery and must be as important as any other single medicine, procedure, therapy or
treatment.        

1.3.7 
 Providers of integrated care must operate as a team that functions as the single-point of whole-health treatment and care for all of a member s health care needs.  Co-location or making referrals without
coordinating care through a team approach does not equate to integrated care.         

1.3.8 
 The team must involve the member as an equal partner by using appropriate levels of care management, comprehensive transitional care, care coordination, health promotion and use of technology as well as provide linkages
to community services and supports and individual and family support to help a member achieve his or her whole health goals.        

1.3.9 
 The Contractor s overarching system goals for individual SMI members and the SMI population are to improve whole health outcomes and reduce or eliminate health care disparities between SMI members and the general
population in a cost-effective manner.        

1.3.10 
 System goals shall be achieved using the following strategies:        

1.3.10.1 
 Earlier identification and intervention that reduces the incidence and severity of serious physical, and mental illness;        

1.3.10.2 
 Use of health education and health promotion services;    
      12  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

1.3.10.3 
 Increased use of primary care prevention strategies;        

1.3.10.5 
 Focused, targeted, consultations for behavior health conditions;        

1.3.10.7 
 Enhanced discharge planning and follow-up care between provider visits;        

1.3.10.8 
 Ongoing outcome measurement and treatment plan modification;        

1.3.10.9 
 Care coordination through effective provider communication and management of treatment;        

1.3.10.11 
 Achievement of system goals shall result in the following outcomes;        

1.3.10.12 
 Reduced rates of unnecessary or inappropriate Emergency Room use;        

1.3.10.13 
 Reduced need for repeated hospitalization and re-hospitalization;        

1.3.10.14 
 Reduction or elimination of duplicative health care services and associated costs; and        

1.3.10.15 
 Improved member s experience of care and individual health outcomes.        

2  
  MEDICAID ELIGIBILITY         

2.1  
  Medicaid Eligible Populations       The Contractor shall:  

2.1.1 
 Be responsible for ensuring the delivery of covered services to the following Title XIX/XXI eligible children and adult populations:    

2.1.1.1 
 American Indians, whether they live on or off reservation, may choose to receive services through a RBHA, Tribal Regional Behavioral Health Authority (TRBHA) or at an Indian Health Services (IHS) or Tribally owned or
operated facility;        

2.1.1.2 
 Eligible individuals and families under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act (also referred to as AFDC-related and/or Aid to Families with Dependent Children);    

2.1.1.3 
 Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and SSI Related Groups;        

2.1.1.4 
 SSI Medical Assistance Only (SSI MAO) and Related Groups: Eligible individuals who are aged, blind or disabled and have household income levels at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty level (FPL);

13  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

2.1.1.6 
 Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Program (BCCTP);        

2.1.1.8 
 Foster children enrolled in the Comprehensive Medical and Dental Program;        

2.1.1.9 
 Young Adult Transitional Insurance (YATI) Program: Individuals age 18 through age 25 who were enrolled in the foster care program under jurisdiction of Department of Economic Security (DES) Division of Children Youth
and Families (DCYF) in Arizona on their 18th birthday;       

2.1.1.10 
 Acute TXIX Waiver Group (also known as Childless Adults); Individuals and couples whose income is at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty Level who are not categorically linked to another Title XIX program; and

2.1.1.11 
 Kidscare (TXXI); Federal and State Children s Health Insurance Program administered by AHCCCS.       

2.1.2 
 Not be responsible for providing services under this Contract to the following Medicaid eligible populations:        

2.1.2.1 
 Members enrolled in the Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) Integrated AHCCCS Health Plan;        

2.1.2.2 
 Arizona Long Term Care System (Elderly and Physically Disabled) ALTCS-EPD eligible members; and        

2.1.2.3 
 Dual eligible adults receiving General Mental Health/Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) services transitioned to Acute Health plans for services.    

2.1.3 
 Not be responsible to provide physical health care services to the following Medicaid eligible SMI members:        

2.1.3.1 
 Members enrolled with Arizona Department of Economic Security/Division of Developmental Disabilities (ADES/DDD);        

2.1.3.2 
 American Indians who elect to receive physical health services from the American Indian Health Program (AHIP) or another AHCCCS health plan; and    

2.2  
  Special Medicaid Eligibility-Members Awaiting Transplants         

2.2.1 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the following:        

2.2.1.1 
 SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract;        

2.2.1.2 
 For whom medical necessity for a transplant has been established; and        
 
      14  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

2.2.2.1 
 The individual has been determined Title XIX ineligible due to excess income;        

2.2.2.2 
 The individual has been placed on a donor waiting list before eligibility expired; and        

2.2.2.3 
 The individual has entered into a contractual arrangement with the transplant facility to pay the amount of income that is in excess of the eligibility income standards (referred to as transplant share of cost).

2.2.3 
 The following options are available for extended eligibility:        

2.2.3.1 
 Option 1: Extended eligibility is for one twelve (12) month period immediately following the loss of AHCCCS eligibility. The member is eligible for all AHCCCS covered services as long as they continue to be
medically eligible for a transplant. If determined medically ineligible for a transplant at any time during the period, eligibility will terminate at the end of the calendar month in which the determination is made.    

2.2.3.2 
 Option 2: As long as medical eligibility for a transplant, that is, status on a transplant waiting list, is maintained, at the time that the transplant is scheduled to be performed the transplant candidate will be
re-enrolled with the Contractor to receive all covered transplant services. Option 2-eligible individuals are not eligible for any non-transplant related health care services from AHCCCS.    

2.3  
  Non-Medicaid Eligible Populations       The Contractor shall:  

2.3.1 
 Be responsible to provide covered behavioral health services to non-Medicaid eligible children and adults subject to available funding allocated to the Contractor.    

2.4  
  Eligibility and Member Verification       For all populations eligible for services under
this Contract the Contractor shall:      

2.4.1 
 Verify the Medicaid eligibility status for persons referred for covered health services.        

2.4.2 
 Coordinate with other involved contractors, for example, AHCCCS Acute Plans or ALTCS, service providers, subcontractors and eligible persons to share specific information regarding Medicaid eligibility.

2.4.3 
 Notify AHCCCS of a Medicaid-eligible member s death, incarceration or relocation out-of-state that may affect a member s eligibility status.    
      15  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

2.4.4 
 Utilize one (1) or more of the following systems to verify AHCCCS eligibility and service coverage twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Eligibility Screening
for AHCCCS Health Insurance, Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Coverage, and the Limited Income Subsidy Program:        

2.4.4.2 
 AHCCCS  Prepaid Medical Management Information System (PMMIS);        

2.4.4.3 
 AHCCCS  contracted Medicaid Eligibility Verification Service (MEVS);        

2.4.4.4 
 AHCCCS  Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system; or        

2.4.5 
 Screen persons requesting covered services for Medicaid and Medicare eligibility in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Eligibility Screening for AHCCCS Health Insurance, Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Coverage,
and the Limited Income Subsidy Program. A person who receives behavioral health services pursuant to A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 34 and who has not been determined eligible for Title XVIII (Medicare) and for the Medicare Part D prescription drug
benefit, Title XIX or Title XXI services shall comply with the eligibility determination process annually. A.R.S.   36-3408.       

2.4.6 
 Comply with the requirements in Section 17.10, Enrollment and Eligibility Data Exchange.        

2.4.7 
 The Contractor is not responsible for determining eligibility.        

2.5  
  Medicaid Eligibility Determination      The Contractor shall:  
 Accept a Medicaid eligibility determination for AHCCCS coverage groups as determined by one (1) of the following agencies:  

2.5.1 
 Social Security Administration (SSA): SSA determines eligibility for the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) cash program. SSI cash recipients are automatically eligible for AHCCCS coverage.    

2.5.2 
 Arizona Department of Economic Security (ADES): ADES determines eligibility for families with children under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, the Adoption Subsidy Program, Title IV-E foster care children, Young
Adult Transitional Insurance Program, the Federal Emergency Services program (FES) and Title XIX Waiver Members.        

2.5.3 
 AHCCCS: AHCCCS determines eligibility for the SSI/Medical Assistance Only groups, including the FES program for this population (aged, disabled, and blind), the Arizona Long Term Care System (ALTCS), the Medicare
Savings program, BCCTP, the Freedom to Work program, the Title XXI KidsCare program and the State-Only Transplant program.    
      16  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

3  
  ENROLLMENT AND DISENROLLMENT         

3.1  
  Enrollment and Disenrollment of Populations       The Contractor shall:  

3.1.1 
 Defer to AHCCCS, which has exclusive authority to enroll and disenroll Medicaid eligible members in accordance with the rules set forth in A.A.C., R9-22, Article 17 and R9-31, Articles 3 and 17.    

3.1.2 
 Defer to ADHS/DBHS, which has exclusive authority to designate who will be enrolled and disenrolled as Non-Medicaid eligible members.    

3.1.3 
 Comply with the requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Enrollment, Disenrollment and Other Data Submission.        

3.1.4 
 American Indian members, title XIX and XXI, on- or off-reservation, eligible to receive services, may choose to receive services at any time from an American Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health Service (IHS)
Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638 Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) [ARRA Section 5006(d), and SMD letter 10-001].        

3.1.5 
 American Indians determined to be SMI can choose to enroll as follows:        

3.1.5.1 
 In an Integrated RBHA to receive both physical health services and behavioral services;        

3.1.5.2 
 In an Acute Care Contractor for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA; or        

3.1.5.3 
 In AIHP for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a T/RBHA.        

3.1.6 
 American Indians enrolled in Medicaid and Medicare and receiving general mental health and substance abuse services, can choose to enroll as follows:    

3.1.6.1 
 In an Acute Care Contractor to receive both physical health services and behavioral services (adults 18 and over only);        

3.1.6.2 
 In an Acute Care Contractor for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA; or        

3.1.6.3 
 In AIHP for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a T/RBHA.        

3.1.7 
 Not end a member s Episode of Care (EOC) because of an adverse change in the member s health status or because of the member s utilization of medical services, diminished capacity, or uncooperative or
disruptive behavior.        

3.1.8 
 Accept AHCCCS  decision to disenroll a Medicaid eligible member from TXIX/XXI services when:        

3.1.8.1 
 The member becomes ineligible for Medicaid;        

3.1.8.2 
 The member moves out of the Contractor s geographical service area; or        

3.1.8.3 
 There is a change in AHCCCS  enrollment policy.        

3.1.9 
 Honor the effective date of enrollment for a new Title XIX member as the day AHCCCS takes the enrollment action.    
      17  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

3.1.10 
 Be responsible for payment of medically necessary covered services retroactive to the member s beginning date of eligibility, as reflected in PMMIS including services provided during prior period coverage; this can
include services prior to the Contract start date and in subsequent years of the Contract.        

3.1.11 
 Honor the effective date of enrollment for a Title XXI member as the first (1st) day of the month following notification to the Contractor. In the event that eligibility is determined on or after the
twenty-fifth (25th) day of the month, eligibility will begin on the first (1st) day of the second (2nd) month following the determination. See Exhibit 1, Definitions, for an explanation of  Prior Period Coverage .

3.1.12 
 The Contractor is responsible for notifying AHCCCS of a child s birth to an enrolled member.        

3.1.12.1 
 Notification must be received no later than one (1) day from the date of birth. AHCCCS is available to receive notification twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week via the AHCCCS website.

3.1.12.2 
 Failure of the Contractor to notify AHCCCS within the one (1) day timeframe may result in sanctions. The Contractor shall ensure that newborns born to a member determined to be SMI are not enrolled with the
Contractor for the delivery of health care services.        

3.1.12.3 
 Babies born to mothers enrolled with the Contractor are auto-assigned to an Acute Care Contractor. Mothers of these newborns are sent a Choice Notice advising them of their right to choose a different Acute Care
Contractor for their child, which allows them thirty (30) days to make a choice.       

3.1.13 
 The Contractor shall not impose enrollment fees, premiums, or similar charges on American Indians served by an American Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health Service (IHS) Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638
Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) (ARRA Section 5006(d), SMD letter 10-001).       

3.1.14 
 AHCCCS does not use passive enrollment procedures [42 CFR 438.6(d)(2)]. AHCCCS operates as a mandatory managed care program and choice of enrollment or auto-assignment is used pursuant to the terms of the Arizona
Medicaid Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver Special Terms and Conditions.        

3.1.15 
 AHCCCS members eligible under this contract will be enrolled as follows:        

3.1.15.1 
 TXIX eligible adults with an SMI determination will be enrolled to receive all medically necessary physical and behavioral health services through an Integrated RBHA unless they request and are approved to opt-out for
cause from the Integrated RBHA for physical health services.        

3.1.15.2 
 Members eligible for Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor, unless they refuse to participate in the CRS application process, refuse to receive CRS covered services
through the CRS Program, or opt out of the CRS Program. This includes members who are eligible for CRS who are determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI).        

3.1.15.3 
 Members eligible for ALTCS/EPD will be enrolled with a Contractor in their GSA and will be offered choice for Maricopa and Pima counties.    
      18  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

3.2.1 
 Effective October 1, 2015, individuals with an SMI determination will have the option to opt-out of enrollment with the Integrated RBHA for physical health services and be transferred to an AHCCCS Acute Care
Contractor to receive physical health services, under the following conditions only:        

3.2.1.1 
 The member, member s guardian, or member s physician successfully dispute the member s diagnosis as SMI,        

3.2.1.3 
 Physician or provider course of care recommendation, or        

3.2.2 
 The member established that due to the enrollment and affiliation with the Integrated RBHA as a person with a SMI, and in contrast to persons enrolled with an Acute Care Contractor, there is demonstrable evidence to
establish actual harm or the potential for discriminatory or disparate treatment in:        

3.2.2.1 
 The access to, continuity or availability of acute care covered services,        

3.2.3 
 In regards to above language, a member must either demonstrate that the discriminatory or disparate treatment has already occurred, or establish the plausible potential of such treatment. It is insufficient for a member
to establish actual harm or the potential for discriminatory or disparate treatment solely on the basis that they are enrolled in the Integrated RBHA.        

3.2.4 
 The Contractor shall take the following actions:        

3.2.4.1 
 Responsibility for reducing to writing the member s assertions of the actual or perceived disparate treatment of individuals as a result of their enrollment in the integrated plan.    

3.2.4.2 
 Responsibility for completing ADHS transfer of a RBHA member to an approved Acute Care Contractor form.        

3.2.4.3 
 Confirmation and documentation that the member is enrolled in SMI RBHA program.        

3.2.4.4 
 Providing documentation of efforts to investigate and resolve member s concern.        

3.2.4.5 
 Inclusion of any evidence provided by the member of actual or reasonable likelihood of discriminatory or disparate treatment.        

3.2.4.6 
 Recommendation of approval or denial of request, and forward completed packet to ADHS for approval or denial within seven (7) calendar days of request.    
      19  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  ADHS shall:      

3.2.4.7 
 Review completed request packets received from the Contractor.       

3.2.4.8 
 Approve or deny the request in writing within ten (10) calendar days of request from the member.        

3.2.4.9 
 Provide notice that includes the reasons for the denial and appeal/hearing rights to the member for requests which are denied.        

3.3  
  Prior Quarter Coverage       The Contractor acknowledges that:  

3.3.1 
 Pursuant to Federal Regulation [42 CFR 435.915], AHCCCS is required to implement Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility which expands the time period during which AHCCCS pays for covered services for eligible
individuals to include services provided during any of the three months prior to the month the individual applied for AHCCCS, if the individual met AHCCCS eligibility requirements during that month.   

3.3.2 
 AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services received during the prior quarter.        

3.3.3 
 Upon verification or notification of Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility, providers will be required to bill AHCCCS for services provided during a prior quarter eligibility period.    

3.4  
  Prior Period Coverage       The Contractor acknowledges that:  

3.4.1 
 AHCCCS provides Prior Period Coverage for the period of time prior to the Title XIX member s enrollment during which the member is eligible for covered services.    

3.4.2 
 Prior Period Coverage refers to the time frame from the effective date of eligibility (usually the first day of the month of application) until the date the member is enrolled with the Contractor.    

3.4.3 
 The Contractor receives notification from AHCCCS of the member s enrollment.        

3.4.4 
 The Contractor is responsible for payment of all claims for medically necessary covered services provided to members during prior period coverage. This may include services provided prior to the Contract Year and in a
Geographic Service Area where the Contractor was not contracted at the time of service delivery.        

3.4.5 
 AHCCCS Fee-For-Service will be responsible for the payment of claims for prior period coverage for members who are found eligible for AHCCCS initially through hospital presumptive eligibility and later are enrolled with
the Contractor. Therefore, for those members, the Contractor is not responsible for Prior Period Coverage.    
      20  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4  
  SCOPE OF SERVICES         
   The Contractor s ability to ensure the delivery of services requires a
complete and thorough understanding of the intricate, multi-layered service delivery system in order to create a system of care that addresses the member s needs. The type, amount, duration, scope of services and method of service delivery
depends on a wide variety of factors including:      

4.1.2 
 Covered services benefit package,        

Specific details for service delivery are contained in Exhibit 7, Documents
Incorporated by Reference (DIBR). The Contractor is required to comply with all terms in this Contract and all applicable requirements in each document listed in Exhibit  however, particular attention to requirements for effective service
delivery should be paid to the following:      

4.1.6 
 ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide,       

4.1.7 
 ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedures Manual,        

4.1.8 
 AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, and        

4.1.9 
 AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual.        

4.2  
  General Requirements for the System of Care       Regardless of the type, amount, duration,
scope, service delivery method and population served, Contractor s service delivery system shall incorporate the following elements:      

4.2.1 
 Coordinate and provide access to quality health care services informed by evidence-based practice guidelines in a cost effective manner.    

4.2.2 
 Coordinate and provide access to quality health care services that are culturally and linguistically appropriate, maximize personal and family voice and choice, and incorporate a trauma-informed care approach.

4.2.3 
 Coordinate and provide access to preventive and health promotion services, including wellness services.        

4.2.4 
 Coordinate and provide access to comprehensive care coordination and transitional care across settings; follow-up from inpatient to other settings; participation in discharge planning; and facilitating transfer from the
children s system to the adult system of health care.        

4.2.5 
 Coordinate and provide access to chronic disease management support, including self-management support.        

4.2.6 
 Coordinate and provide access to peer and family delivered support services.        

4.2.7 
 Develop service plans that maximize personal and family voice and choice.        

4.2.8 
 Coordinate and integrate clinical and non-clinical health-care related needs and services.        

4.2.9 
 Implement health information technology to link services, facilitate communication among treating professionals, and between the health team and individual and family caregivers.    
      21  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.2.10 
 Deliver services by providers that are appropriately licensed or certified, operating within their scope of practice, and registered as an AHCCCS provider.    

4.2.11 
 Apply the same standard of care for all members, regardless of the member s eligibility category.       

4.2.12 
 Deliver services that are sufficient in amount, duration and scope to reasonably be expected to achieve the purpose for which the services are furnished.    

4.2.13 
 Not arbitrarily deny or reduce the amount, duration, or scope of a required service solely because of diagnosis, type of illness, or condition of the member (42 CFR 438.210 (a)(3) (iii)).    

4.2.14 
 Have the discretion to place appropriate limits on a service on the basis of criteria such as medical necessity or for utilization control, subject to ADHS/DBHS review and approval, provided the services furnished can
reasonably be expected to achieve their purpose (42 CFR 438.210(a)(3)(i) and (iii)) and [42 CFR 438.210(a) (4)].        

4.2.15 
 Require subcontracted providers to notify the Contractor if, on the basis of moral or religious grounds the subcontractor elects to not provide or reimburse for a covered service (42 CFR 438.102(b)(i)).

4.2.16 
 Require subcontracted providers to offer the services described in Section 4.9, Health Education and Health Promotion Services.        

4.2.17 
 Require covered services to be medically necessary and cost effective and to be provided by or coordinated by a primary care provider except for annual well woman exams, behavioral health and children s dental
services.        

4.2.18 
 Provide covered services to members in accordance with all applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including those listed by reference in attachments and this Contract.    

4.2.19 
 Create and submit to ADHS/DBHS according to instructions provided by ADHS/DBHS, a System of Care Plan that contains both Children s and Adult System of Care Sections with the following:    

4.2.19.1 
 Action steps and measurable outcomes that are aligned with the goals and objectives in the statewide ADHS/DBHS Annual System of Care Plan;    

4.2.19.2 
 Identifies and addresses regional needs and incorporates region-wide program specific goals and objectives; and        

4.2.19.3 
 Incorporates changes to the service delivery system based upon recommendations from the annual System of Care planning process that has Contractor, member, family member and other community stakeholder attendance and
input.        

4.2.20 
 Submit to ADHS/DBHS for approval, case manager ratio plans based on national standards that will take into account member acuity, legal, and environmental needs.    

4.2.21 
 Implement Adult Clinical Teams consistent with Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration (SAMHSA) Best Practices.    
      22  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.2.22 
 Ensure that its providers, acting within the lawful scope of their practice, are not prohibited or otherwise restricted from communicating freely with members regarding their health care, medical needs and treatment
options, even if needed services are not covered by the Contractor. [42 CFR 438.102]:        

4.2.22.2 
 Information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options;        

4.2.23 
 The risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or non-treatment; and        

4.2.23.1 
 The member s right to participate in decisions regarding his or her behavioral health care, including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions [42 CFR
438.100(b)(2)(iv)].        

4.2.24 
 Deliver covered health services in accordance with the requirements of any other funding source.        

4.3  
  Behavioral Health Covered Services       The Contractor shall ensure the delivery of:  

4.3.1 
 Medically necessary and clinically appropriate covered behavioral health services to eligible members in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide.    

4.3.2 
 Covered behavioral health services under the Mental Health Block Grant (MHBG), Substance Abuse Block Grant (SABG) and other grant funding as available.    

4.3.3 
 Annual reports on use of MHBG and SABG funds in accordance with Block Grant reporting requirements.        

4.3.4 
 Covered behavioral health services in accordance with the terms of the IGA between ADHS/DBHS and all County agreements for court ordered evaluations.   

4.3.5 
 For the Southern GSA the Contractor shall:        

4.3.5.1 
 Utilize the Liquor fee funding listed in the allocation schedule Pima County IGA for court ordered evaluations; and        

4.3.5.2 
 Provide services as prescribed in this Contract and A.R.S. 4-203.01 (1) and A.R.S. 36-2021 through A.R.S. 36-2031 for substance abuse services in Pima County including crisis, detoxification services, and outpatient
services utilizing the Liquor Fees funding listed in the allocation schedule.        

4.3.6 
 For the Northern GSA the Contractor shall:        

4.3.6.1 
 Utilize the Coconino County funding listed in the allocation schedule for court ordered evaluations.        

4.3.7 
 All required documentation in accordance with any funding source including discretionary grants.    
      23  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.4  
  Behavioral Health Service Delivery Approach       The Contractor shall: 

4.4.1 
 Provide each member with a behavioral health assessment in accordance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Assessment and Service Planning.        

4.4.2 
 Develop and revise the member s individual service plan in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Assessment and Service Planning.    

4.4.3 
 Make referrals to service providers.        

4.4.4 
 Coordinate care as described in Section 5.1, Care Coordination.        

4.4.5 
 Develop and implement transition, discharge and aftercare plans for each person prior to discontinuation of covered services.        

4.4.6 
 Require subcontractors and providers to actively engage and involve family members in service planning and service delivery.        

4.5  
  Behavioral Health Service Delivery for Adult Members       The Contractor shall: 

4.5.1 
 Ensure services are delivered to adults in conformance with Exhibit 6, Nine Guiding Principles for Recovery-Oriented Adult Behavioral Health Services and Systems.    

4.5.2 
 Implement the American Society of Addiction Medicine Patient Placement Criteria (ASAM).        

4.5.3 
 Implement the following service delivery programs for SMI members consistent with U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration s (SAMHSA)
established program models:        

4.5.4 
 Monitor fidelity to the service delivery programs described in Section 4.5.3 annually using the ADHS/DBHS adopted measurement instrument, for example, the SAMHSA Fidelity Scale and General Organizational Index and
report findings to ADHS/DBHS.        

4.6  
  Behavioral Health Services for Child Members       The Contractor shall:  

4.6.1 
 Ensure delivery of services to children in conformance with:        

4.6.1.1 
 Exhibit 7, Clinical Guidance Documents (The Child and Family Team); and        

4.6.1.2 
 Exhibit 5, The Arizona Vision-Twelve (12) Principles for Children Service Delivery.        

4.6.2 
 Comply with established caseload ratios for case managers assigned to serve children identified as having high/complex needs.        

4.6.3 
 Utilize a network of generalist support and rehabilitation providers.    
      24  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.6.4 
 Utilize Home Care Training to the Home Care Client (HCTC) as an alternative to more restrictive levels of care when clinically indicated.    

4.6.5 
 Implement ADHS/DBHS  method for in-depth review of Child and Family Team (CFT) practice.        

4.6.6 
 Utilize acuity measure instruments as directed by ADHS/DBHS.        

4.6.7 
 Implement service delivery models as directed by ADHS/DBHS.        

4.6.8 
 Maintain Designated Email Addresses to Streamline Communication:        

4.6.8.1 
 RBHA must establish a standardized email address as a single point of contact for the Department of Child Safety (DCS) and foster families. Email address must format of DCS@ followed by the RBHA s standard
email suffix. RBHA must monitor inbox and respond to inquiries during each business day.       

4.6.9 
 Monitor Extensive Trauma-Informed Assessment:        

4.6.9.1 
 Upon notification by DCS that a child has been taken into custody, ensure that each child and family is referred for ongoing behavioral health services for a period of at least six (6) months unless services are refused
by the guardian or the child is no longer in DCS custody. Services must be provided to:        

4.6.9.5 
 Address the permanency goal of the child and family.        

4.6.10 
 A minimum of one (1) monthly documented service is required.        

4.6.11 
 Provide a monthly reconcile DCS Removal List with Individuals Receiving a Rapid Response:        

4.6.12 
 CMDP will provide a monthly listing of children placed in Department of Child Safety (DCS) custody and the RBHA shall compare it with their own listing of DCS children receiving a rapid response service. For any listed
children still in DCS custody who have not yet been engaged in behavioral health services, RBHA shall ensure that a rapid response service is delivered. By close of business on the 30th of each reporting month (beginning in June of 2015), RBHA will
deliver a DCS Rapid Response Monthly Reconciliation Report that will minimally include:        

4.6.12.2 
 The number of individuals referred by DCS for a rapid response service;        

4.6.12.3 
 The number of individuals receiving a rapid response service;        

4.6.12.4 
 The number of individuals placed in DCS custody who were not initially referred by DCS for a rapid response service, and        

4.6.12.5 
 The number of children receiving a behavioral health service following reconciliation of the monthly list.        

4.6.13 
 The report must also include a specific listing of each individual who was not initially referred for a rapid response along with the current status of connection to behavioral health services.    
      25  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.7  
  Physical Health Care Covered Services       The Contractor, when medically necessary, shall
ensure the delivery of the following physical health care services to SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services:      

4.7.1 
 Ambulatory Surgery includes surgical services for either emergency or scheduled surgeries when provided in an ambulatory or outpatient setting, such as a freestanding surgical center or a hospital-based outpatient
surgical setting.        

4.7.2 
 Anti-hemophilic Agents and Related Services includes services for the treatment of hemophilia Von Willebrand s disease, and Gaucher s Disease.    

4.7.3 
 Audiology includes medically necessary audiology services to evaluate hearing loss for all members, on both an inpatient and outpatient basis. Hearing aids are covered only for members, age eighteen (18) through twenty
(20) receiving Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) services.        

4.7.4 
 Chiropractic Services includes chiropractic services to members age eighteen (18) through twenty (20) in order to ameliorate the member s medical condition, subject to limitations specified in 42 CFR 410.21, for
Qualified Medicare Beneficiaries, regardless of age, if prescribed by the member s primary care provider (PCP) and approved by the Contractor.        

4.7.5 
 Dialysis includes medically necessary dialysis, hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, hemoperfusion, supplies, diagnostic testing and medication for all members when provided by Medicare-certified hospitals or
Medicare-certified end stage renal disease (ESRD) providers. Services may be provided on an outpatient basis or on an inpatient basis if the hospital admission is not solely to provide chronic dialysis services.    

4.7.6 
 EPSDT includes comprehensive health care services through primary prevention, early intervention, diagnosis and medically necessary treatment to correct or ameliorate defects and physical or mental illness discovered by
the screenings for members, age eighteen (18) through (20). The Contractor shall ensure that these members receive required screenings including a comprehensive history, developmental/behavioral health screening, comprehensive unclothed physical
examination, appropriate vision testing, hearing testing, laboratory tests, dental screenings and immunizations in compliance with the AHCCCS EPSDT periodicity schedule, and the AHCCCS dental periodicity schedule (Exhibit 430-1 in the AHCCCS
Medical Policy Manual) and submit all applicable EPSDT reports as required by the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual to ADHS/DBHS. EPSDT providers must document immunizations into the Arizona State Immunization Information System (ASIIS) and enroll every
year in the Vaccine for Children (VFC) program.        

4.7.7 
   Early Detection Health Risk Assessment, Screening, Treatment and Primary Prevention includes primary prevention
health education and health care services through screening, diagnostic and medically necessary treatment for members twenty-one (21) years of age and older. These services include, but are not limited to, screening and treatment for
hypertension; elevated cholesterol; colon cancer; sexually     
      26  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

transmitted diseases; tuberculosis; HIV/AIDS; breast and cervical cancer; and prostate cancer. Nutritional assessment and treatment are covered when medically necessary to meet the over and under
nutritional needs of members who may have a chronic debilitating disease. Physical examinations, diagnostic work-ups and medically necessary immunizations are also covered in accordance with A.A.C. R9-22-205.    

4.7.8 
 Well Exams: Well visits, such as, but not limited to, well woman exams, breast exams, and prostate exams are covered for members 21 years of age and older. For members under 21 years of age, AHCCCS
continues to cover medically necessary services under the EPSDT Program.        

4.7.9 
 Emergency Services include emergency services specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual Policy and, at a minimum, as follows:        

4.7.9.1 
 Emergency services facilities adequately staffed by qualified medical professionals to provide pre-hospital, emergency care on a twenty-four (24) hour a day, seven (7) day a week basis, for an emergency
medical condition as defined by A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 22, Article         

4.7.9.2 
 Emergency medical services are covered without prior authorization;        

4.7.9.3 
 All medical services necessary to rule out an emergency condition;        

4.7.10.1 
 Be financially responsible for all emergency medical services including triage, physician assessment and diagnostic tests, when members present in an emergency room setting;    

4.7.10.2 
 Reimburse ambulance transportation and/or other medically necessary transportation provided to a member. Refer to ACOM Policy 432;        

4.7.10.3 
 Cover the cost of ambulance transportation and/or other medically necessary transportation provided to a member who requires behavioral services after medical stabilization;    

4.7.10.4 
 Cover cost for medically necessary professional psychiatric consultations in either emergency room or inpatient settings; and        

4.7.10.5 
 Cover and pay for emergency services regardless of whether the provider that furnishes the service has a subcontract with the Contractor.    

4.7.11 
 The Contractor may not deny payment for treatment obtained under either of the following circumstances for TXIX/XXI members:        

4.7.11.1 
 A member had an emergency medical condition, including cases in which the absence of medical attention would not have resulted in the outcomes identified in the definition of emergency medical condition under 42 CFR
438.114; or        

4.7.11.2 
 Contractor s representative, an employee or subcontracting provider, instructs the member to seek emergency medical services.    
      27  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.7.12 
 The Contractor may not limit what constitutes an emergency medical condition as defined in 42 CFR 438.114, on the basis of lists of diagnoses or symptoms.    

4.7.13 
 The Contractor may not refuse to cover emergency services based on the failure of the emergency room provider, hospital, or fiscal agent to notify the Contractor of the member s screening and treatment within ten
(10) calendar days of presentation for emergency services. Claims submission by the hospital within ten (10) calendar days of presentation for the emergency services constitutes notice to the Contractor. This notification requirement
applies only to the provision of emergency services.        

4.7.14 
 The Contractor may not require notification of Emergency Department treat and release visits as a condition of payment unless the Contractor has prior approval from ADHS/DBHS.    

4.7.15 
 The Contractor may not hold a member who has an emergency medical condition liable for payment of subsequent screening and treatment needed to diagnose the specific condition or stabilize the patient. The attending
emergency physician, or the provider actually treating the member, is responsible for determining when the member is sufficiently stabilized for transfer or discharge, and such determination is binding on the Contractor responsible for coverage and
payment. The Contractor shall comply with Medicaid Managed Care guidelines regarding the coordination of post-stabilization care.        

4.7.16 
 Family Planning includes family planning services in accordance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, for all members (male and female) who choose to delay or prevent pregnancy. These include medical, surgical,
pharmacological, laboratory services, and contraceptive devices. Information and counseling, which allow members to make informed decisions regarding family planning methods, shall also be included. If the Contractor does not provide family planning
services, it must subcontract for these services through another health care delivery system.        

4.7.17 
 Foot and Ankle Services for members age eighteen (18) through twenty (20) includes foot and ankle care services for members age eighteen (18) through twenty (20) to include bunionectomies, casting for the purpose of
constructing or accommodating orthotics, medically necessary orthopedic shoes that are an integral part of a brace, and medically necessary routine foot care for patients with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a nonprofessional
person.        

4.7.18 
 Foot and Ankle Services for member age twenty-one (21) and older includes foot and ankle care services to include wound care, treatment of pressure ulcers, fracture care, reconstructive surgeries, and limited
bunionectomy services. Medically necessary routine foot care services are only available for members with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a nonprofessional person as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. Services are not
covered for members twenty-one (21) years of age and older, when provided by a podiatrist or podiatric surgeon.        

4.7.19 
 Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) includes Assisted Living facility, alternative residential setting, or home and community based services as defined in A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 22, Article 2 and A.A.C.
Title, 9, Chapter 28, Article 2 that meet the provider standards described in A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 28, Article 5, and subject to the limitations set forth in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. These services are covered in
lieu of a nursing facility.    
      28  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.7.20 
 Home Health includes services provided under the direction of a physician to prevent hospitalization or institutionalization and may include nursing, therapies, supplies and home health aide services provided on a
part-time or intermittent basis.        

4.7.21 
 Hospice includes covered services for members that are certified by a physician as being terminally ill and having six months or less to live. Additional detail on covered hospice services is contained in AHCCCS Medical
Policy Manual.        

4.7.22 
 Hospital inpatient services include semi-private accommodations for routine care, intensive and coronary care, surgical care, obstetrics and newborn nurseries, and behavioral health emergency/crisis services. If the
member s medical condition requires isolation, private inpatient accommodations are covered. Nursing services, dietary services and ancillary services such as laboratory, radiology, pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, blood and blood
derivatives, etc. are also covered. Outpatient hospital services include any of the above services which may be appropriately provided on an outpatient or ambulatory basis such as laboratory, radiology, therapies and ambulatory surgery. Observation
services may be provided on an outpatient basis, if determined reasonable and necessary to decide whether the member should be admitted for inpatient care. Observation services include the use of a bed and periodic monitoring by hospital nursing
staff and other staff to evaluate, stabilize or treat medical conditions of a significant degree of instability and disability. Additional detail on limitations on hospital stays is contained in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

4.7.23 
 Immunizations include immunizations for adults age twenty-one (21) years and older including but not limited to: medically necessary diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis vaccine (DTap), influenza, pneumococcus, rubella,
measles and hepatitis-B and others as medically indicated. Immunizations for members age eighteen (18) through twenty (20) include, but are not limited to: diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis vaccine (DTaP), inactivated polio vaccine (IPV),
measles, mumps, rubella vaccine (MMR), H. influenza, type B (HIB), hepatitis B (Hep B), hepatitis A (Hep A), Human Pappiloma virus (HPV) through age twenty (20) for both males and females, pneumococcal conjugate (PCV) and varicella
zoster virus (VZV) vaccine. Additional detail on current immunization requirements is contained in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.        

4.7.24 
 The Contractor is required to report to AHCCCS, as specified in Exhibit 9, a monthly Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Medication Report. Data is reported for all HCV medication activity for the month being reported.
The total number of requests received, approvals, denials, and appeals for any given month are to be included in the report. As outcome information becomes available, it is to also be included in the report for the month received. The Contractor
will be reporting as a January activity (due February 10 th ) any information received regarding outcomes, appeals, hearings, and so forth for medication approvals from past
months.       

4.7.25 
 Incontinence Briefs: In general, incontinence briefs (diapers) are not covered for members unless medically necessary to treat a medical condition. However, for AHCCCS members over three years of age and under
21 years of age incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence pads, are also covered to prevent skin breakdown and to enable participation in social community, therapeutic, and educational activities under limited
circumstances. In addition, effective December 15, 2014 for members in the ALTCS Program who are 21 years of age and older, incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence pads are also covered in order to prevent skin
breakdown as outlined in AMPM Policy 310-P. See A.A.C. R9-22-212 and AMPM Chapters 300 and 400. Incontinence Supplies includes incontinence supplies as specified in A.A.C. R9-22-212 and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    
      29  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.7.26 
 Laboratory including laboratory services for diagnostic, screening and monitoring purposes are covered when ordered by the member s PCP, other attending physician or dentist, and provided by a CLIA (Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Act) approved free-standing laboratory or hospital laboratory, clinic, physician office or other health care facility laboratory. Upon written request, the Contractor may obtain laboratory test data on members from a
laboratory or hospital-based laboratory subject to the requirements specified in A.R.S.   36-2903(Q) and (R). The data shall be used exclusively for quality improvement activities and health care outcome studies required and approved by
ADHS/DBHS.        

4.7.27 
 Maternity includes pre-conception counseling, pregnancy identification, prenatal care, treatment of pregnancy related conditions, labor and delivery services, and postpartum care for members. Services may be provided by
physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, certified nurse midwives, or licensed midwives. Additional details for maternity services are contained in Scope of Work, Section 7.6. The Contractor shall allow women to receive up to
forty-eight (48) hours of inpatient hospital care after a routine vaginal delivery and up to ninety-six (96) hours of inpatient care after a cesarean delivery. The attending health care provider, in consultation with the mother, may
discharge the mother prior to the minimum length of stay. The Contractor shall inform all pregnant members of voluntary prenatal HIV testing and the availability of medical counseling if the test is positive. The Contractor shall provide information
in the member handbook and annually in the member newsletter, to encourage pregnant women to be tested and instructions about where to be tested. Semi-annually, the Contractor shall report to ADHS, the number of pregnant women who have been
identified as HIV/AIDS-positive. This report is due no later than thirty (30) days after the end of the second and fourth quarters of the Contract Year. Members who transition to a new Contractor or become enrolled during their third trimester
must be allowed to complete maternity care with their current AHCCCS registered provider, regardless of contractual status, to ensure continuity of care.       

4.7.28 
 Medical Foods includes foods subject to the limitations in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual for members diagnosed with a metabolic condition and specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

4.7.29 
 Medical Supplies, Durable Medical Equipment (DME), and Prosthetic Devices: includes services prescribed by the member s PCP, attending physician or practitioner, or by a dentist as described in the AHCCCS Medical
Policy Manual. Prosthetic devices must be medically necessary and meet criteria as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. For persons age twenty-one (21) or older, ADHS/DBHS will not pay for microprocessor controlled lower limbs and
microprocessor controlled joints for lower limbs. Medical equipment may be rented or purchased only if other sources are not available which provide the items at no cost. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase price of the item.
Reasonable repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit and include exclusions as stated in AMPM Chapter 300.

4.7.30 
   Nursing Facility includes services in nursing facilities and religious non-medical health care institutions for
members that require short-term convalescent care not to exceed ninety (90) days per Contract Year. In lieu of a nursing facility, the member may be placed in an assisted living facility, an alternative residential setting, or receive home and
community based services as defined in the Scope of Work, Section 4.7 Physical     
      30  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

Health Care Covered Services. Nursing facility services must be provided in a dually-certified Medicare State licensed nursing facility, which includes in the per-diem rate: nursing services;
basic patient care equipment and sickroom supplies; dietary services; administrative physician visits; non-customized DME; necessary maintenance and rehabilitation therapies; over-the-counter medications; social, recreational and spiritual
activities; and administrative, operational medical direction services as outlined in AMPM Chapter 300. Additional detail on Nursing Facility Reimbursement is contained in the Scope of Work, Section 16.2 The Contractor shall notify AHCCCS 
Assistant Director of the Division of Member Services, by email, when a member has been residing in a nursing facility for sixty (60) days to allow ADHS/DBHS to follow-up on the status of the member s ALTCS application and to consider
potential fee-for-service coverage, if the stay goes beyond the ninety (90) day per Contract Year maximum. The notice should be sent via e-mail to HealthPlan60DayNotice@azahcccs.gov. and must include the following:    

4.7.31 
  Nutrition  includes nutritional assessments conducted as a part of the EPSDT screenings for members age eighteen (18) through twenty (20), and to assist members twenty-one (21) years of age and older whose
health status may improve with over and under nutritional intervention. Assessment of nutritional status on a periodic basis may be provided as determined necessary, and as a part of the health risk assessment and screening services provided by the
member s PCP. Assessments may also be provided by a registered dietitian when ordered by the member s PCP. Nutritional therapy on an enteral, parenteral or oral basis, when determined medically necessary to provide either complete daily
dietary requirements or to supplement a member s daily nutritional and caloric intake is covered according to criteria specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

4.7.32 
 Oral Health includes medically necessary dental services to members age eighteen (18) through twenty (20) including emergency dental services, dental screening and preventive services in accordance with the AHCCCS
Dental Periodicity Schedule, as well as therapeutic dental services, dentures, and pre-transplantation dental services. The Contractor shall:        

4.7.32.1 
 Monitor compliance with the AHCCCS Dental Periodicity Schedule for dental screening services;        

4.7.32.2 
 Ensure that members are notified in writing when dental screenings are due if the member has not been scheduled for a visit. If a dental screening is not received by the member, a second written notice must be sent.
Members age eighteen (18) through (20) may request dental services without referral and may choose a dental provider within the Contractor s provider network;    
      31  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.7.32.3 
 For members twenty-one (21) years of age and older, the Contractor shall cover medical and surgical services furnished by a dentist only to the extent such services may be performed under state law either by a
physician or by a dentist in conformance with A.A.C. R9-22-207. These services would be considered physician services if furnished by a physician; and        

4.7.32.4 
 Refer to the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual for additional detail on oral health dental services that are covered for pre-transplant candidates and for members with cancer of the jaw, neck or head.    

4.7.33 
  Orthotics,  Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS members under the age of 21 as outlined in AMPM Policy 430. Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS members 21 years of age and older if all of the following apply:

4.7.33.1 
 The use of the orthotic is medically necessary as the preferred treatment option and consistent with Medicare guidelines;        

4.7.33.2 
 The orthotic is less expensive than all other treatment options or surgical procedures to treat the same diagnosed condition; and        

4.7.33.3 
 The orthotic is ordered by a physician or primary care practitioner.      Medical equipment may be
rented or purchased only if other sources, which provide the items at no cost, are not available. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase price of the item. Reasonable repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered for
all members to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit. The component will be replaced if at the time authorization is sought documentation is provided to establish that the
component is not operating effectively.      

4.7.34 
  Physician  includes physician services for medical assessment, treatments and surgical services provided by licensed allopathic or osteopathic physicians .      

4.7.35 
  Post-stabilization Care Services Coverage and Payment  includes services, related to an emergency medical condition, provided after the member s condition is sufficiently stabilized in order to maintain,
improve or resolve the member s condition so that the member could be safely discharged or transferred to another location 42 CFR 438-114(a). Pursuant to A.A.C. R9-22-210 and 42 CFR 438.114; 42 CFR 422.113(c) and 42 CFR 422.133, the following
conditions apply for coverage and payment of post-stabilization care services, except where otherwise stated in this Contract. Cover and pay for post-stabilization care services without authorization, regardless of whether the provider that delivers
the service has a subcontract with the Contractor, as follows:        

4.7.35.1 
 Post-stabilization care services were pre-approved by the Contractor; or        

4.7.35.2 
 Post-stabilization care services were not pre-approved by the Contractor because the Contractor did not respond to the treating provider s request for pre-approval within one (1) hour after the treating
provider s request or could not be contacted for pre-approval.        

4.7.36 
 In situations when the Contractor representative and the treating physician cannot reach agreement concerning the member s care and a Contractor physician is not available for consultation, the Contractor must give
the treating physician the opportunity to consult with a Contractor physician and the treating physician may continue with care of the patient until a Contractor physician is reached or one of the criteria in 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3) is met.
   
      32  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.7.37 
 Pursuant to 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3), the Contractor s financial responsibility for post-stabilization care services that have not been pre-approved ends when:    

4.7.37.1 
 A Contractor physician with privileges at the treating hospital assumes responsibility for the member s care;        

4.7.37.2 
 A Contractor physician assumes responsibility for the member s care through transfer;        

4.7.37.3 
 A Contractor representative and the treating physician reach an agreement concerning the member s care; or        

4.7.38 
  Pregnancy Termination  includes pregnancy termination coverage if the pregnant member suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life endangering physical condition caused
by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the member in danger of death unless the pregnancy is terminated, or the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest. The attending physician must acknowledge that a
pregnancy termination has been determined medically necessary by submitting the Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination. This certificate must be submitted to the Contractor s Medical Director. The Certificate must certify that, in
the physician s professional judgment, the criteria have been met.        

4.7.39 
  Prescription Medications  includes medications ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist subject to limitations
related to prescription supply amounts, Contractor formularies and prior authorization requirements. An appropriate over-the-counter medication may be prescribed as defined in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual when it is determined to be a lower-cost
alternative to a prescription medication. Additional detail is contained in Scope of Work, Medications, Section 4.11. Additional detail for coverage of Medicare Part D prescription medications is contained in Scope of Work, Medicare Services
and Cost Sharing, Section 15.17.        

4.7.40 
  Primary Care Provider (PCP)  includes those medically necessary covered services provided by a physician, physician assistant or nurse practitioner selected by, or assigned to, the member. The PCP provides primary
health care and serves as a coordinator in referring the member for specialty medical services 42 CFR 438.208(b). The PCP is responsible for maintaining the member s primary medical record, which contains documentation of all health risk
assessments and health care services of which they are aware whether or not they were provided by the PCP.        

4.7.41 
  Radiology and Medical Imaging  includes medically necessary services ordered by the member s PCP, attending physician or dentist for diagnosis, prevention, treatment, or assessment of a medical condition.

4.7.42 
    Rehabilitation Therapy  includes occupational, physical and speech therapies prescribed by the
member s PCP or attending physician for acute health condition and the member must have the potential for improvement due to the rehabilitation. Occupational and Speech therapy is covered for all members receiving inpatient hospital or nursing
facility services. Occupational Therapy and Speech therapy services provided on an outpatient basis are only covered for members age eighteen     
      33  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

(18) through 20. Physical Therapy is covered for all members in both inpatient and outpatient settings. Outpatient physical therapy under the age of twenty-one (21), is subject to visit limits
per contract year as described in the AMPM .          

4.7.43 
 Respiratory Therapy includes respiratory therapy services covered in inpatient and outpatient settings when prescribed by the member s PCP or attending physician, and is necessary to restore, maintain or improve
respiratory functioning.        

4.7.44 
 Transplantation of Organs and Tissue, and Related Immunosuppressant Drugs includes services covered subject to the limitations in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual for members diagnosed with specified medical conditions.
Services include: pre-transplant inpatient or outpatient evaluation; donor search; organ/tissue harvesting or procurement; preparation and transplantation services; and convalescent care. In addition, if a member receives a transplant covered by a
source other than AHCCCS, medically necessary non-experimental services are provided, within limitations, after the discharge from the physical health care hospitalization for the transplantation. AHCCCS maintains specialty contracts with
transplantation facility providers for the Contractor s use or the Contractor may select its own transplantation provider.        

4.7.45 
 Transportation includes emergency and non-emergency medically necessary transportation. Emergency transportation, including transportation initiated by an emergency response system such as 911, may be provided by
ground, air or water ambulance to manage a member s emergency medical condition at an emergency scene and to transport the member to the nearest appropriate medical facility. Non-emergency transportation shall be provided for members who are
unable to provide their own transportation for covered services. The Contractor shall ensure that members have coordinated, reliable, medically necessary transportation to ensure members arrive on-time for regularly scheduled appointments and are
picked up upon completion of the entire scheduled treatment.        

4.7.46 
 Triage/Screening and Evaluation includes services provided by physical health care hospitals, IHS facilities, tribally owned and/or operated 638 facility and after-hours settings to determine whether or not an
emergency exists, to assess the severity of the member s medical condition and determine services necessary to alleviate or stabilize the emergent condition. Triage/screening services must be reasonable, cost effective and meet the criteria for
severity of illness and intensity of service.        

4.7.47 
 Vision Services/Ophthalmology/Optometry includes all medically necessary emergency eye care, vision examinations, prescriptive lenses and frames, and treatments for conditions of the eye for all members age eighteen
(18) to through twenty (20). For members who are twenty-one (21) years of age and older, the Contractor shall provide emergency care for eye conditions which meet the definition of an emergency medical condition, cataract removal, and medically
necessary vision examinations and prescriptive lenses and frames, if required following cataract removal and other eye conditions as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. Members shall have full freedom to choose, within the
Contractor s network, a practitioner in the field of eye care, acting within the scope of their practice, to provide the examination, care or treatment for which the member is eligible. A practitioner in the field of eye care is defined to be
either an ophthalmologist or an optometrist.        

4.8  
  Integrated Health Care Service Delivery for SMI Members       The Contractor shall
incorporate the following elements into its integrated health care service delivery system approach:      

4.8.1 
 A treatment team, which includes a psychiatrist or equivalent behavioral health medical professional and an assigned primary care physician with an identified single point of contact;    
      34  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.8.2 
 Member and family voice and choice;        

4.8.6 
 Effective use of a comprehensive Care Management Program as described in 8.13 Care Management Program Goals, and Care Management Program General Requirements, Sections 8.13 and 8.14;    

4.8.7 
 Coordination of care as described in Section 5.1, Care Coordination;        

4.8.8 
 Health education and health promotion services described in Section 4.9, Health Education and Health Promotion Services;        

4.8.9 
 Improved whole health outcomes of members;       

4.8.10 
 Utilize peer and family delivered support services;        

4.8.11 
 Make referrals to appropriate community and social support services; and        

4.8.12 
 Utilize health information technology to link services.        

4.8.13 
 Maximize the use of existing behavioral and physical health infrastructure including:        

4.8.13.2 
 Primary care physicians currently serving SMI members,        

4.9  
  Health Education and Health Promotion Services       The Contractor shall provide:  

4.9.1 
 Assistance and education for appropriate use of health care services;        

4.9.2 
 Assistance and education about health risk-reduction and healthy lifestyle choices including tobacco cessation;        

4.9.3 
 Screening for tobacco use with the Ask, Advise, and Refer model and refer to the Arizona Smokers Helpline utilizing the proactive referral process;   

4.9.4 
 Education to SMI members to access Contractor s Nurse call service;        

4.9.5 
 Assistance and education for self-care and management of health conditions, including wellness coaching;        

4.9.6 
 Assistance and education for EPSDT services for members including education and health promotion for dental/oral health services;        

4.9.7 
 Assistance and education about maternity care programs and services for pregnant women including family planning; and        

4.9.8 
 Assistance and education about self-help programs or other community resources that are designed to improve health and wellness.    
      35  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.10  
  American Indian Member Services       The Contractor shall:  

4.10.1 
 Provide access to all applicable covered services to Medicaid eligible American Indians within the assigned Geographic Service Area of Greater Arizona, whether they live on or off the reservation.    

4.10.2 
 Cover costs of emergency services and medically necessary services for eligible American Indian members when members are referred off reservation and/or services are rendered at non-IHS or tribally owned or operated
facilities.       

4.10.3 
 Not be responsible for payment for medically necessary services provided to Medicaid eligible members at IHS or a tribally owned and operated facility; AHCCCS is responsible for these payments.    

4.10.4 
 Provide medically necessary covered services to eligible American Indians through agreements with tribes, IHS facilities, and other providers of services. Contractor may serve eligible American Indians on
reservation with agreement from the tribe.        

4.10.5 
 Develop and maintain a network of providers that can deliver culturally and linguistically appropriate services to American Indian members.    

4.10.6 
 Recognize that in addition to services provided through the Contractor, American Indian members through their enrollment choice can always receive services from an IHS or a 638 tribal facility.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

4.11.1 
 Develop and maintain a medication list in conformance with the AHCCCS Policy 310-V- Prescription Medications/Pharmacy Services and the ADHS/DBHS Medication List and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on the Medication List.

4.11.2 
 At a minimum, include the following on the medication list:        

4.11.2.1 
 The available medications on the AHCCCS Minimum Required Prescription Drug List (MRPDL) for SMI members eligible to receive physical health services under this Contract;    

4.11.2.2 
 The available medications on the ADHS/DBHS Medication List for members eligible to receive behavioral health services under this Contract; and    

4.11.2.3 
 Medications to treat anxiety, depression and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).        

4.11.3 
 Provide generic and branded reimbursement guarantees, an aggressive Maximum Allowable Cost (MAC) pricing program, generic dispensing rate guarantee, and utilization methodologies to dispense the least costly, clinically
appropriate medication and report the rebates in conformance with requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona.    
      36  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.11.4 
 Recognize that for SMI members, PCP s may treat members with anxiety, depression and ADHD and may provide medication management services including prescriptions, laboratory, and other diagnostic tests necessary for
diagnosis, and treatment. Clinical tool kits for the treatment of anxiety, depression, and ADHD are available in the AMPM. These tool kits are a resource only and may not apply to all patients and all clinical situations. The tool kits are not
intended to replace clinical judgment.        

4.11.5 
 Recognize that for SMI members Prescription Medications ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist are covered subject to
limitations related to prescription supply amounts, Contractor formularies and prior authorization requirements. An appropriate over-the-counter medication may be prescribed as defined in the AMPM when it is determined to be a lower-cost
alternative to a prescription medication.        

4.11.6 
 Recognize that for SMI members, drugs ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist are covered; however, they are subject to
limitations related to prescription supply amounts, and the Contractor s prior authorization requirements if they are excluded from Medicare Part D coverage. Medications that are covered by Part D, but are not on a specific Part D Health
Plan s formulary are not considered excluded drugs and will not be covered. This applies to members that are enrolled in Medicare Part D or are eligible for Medicare Part D.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

4.12.1 
 Use laboratory testing sites that have either a Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) Certificate of Waiver or a Certificate of Registration along with a CLIA identification number.   

4.12.3 
 Cover laboratory services for diagnostic, screening and monitoring purposes when ordered by the member s PCP, other attending physician or dentist, and provided by a CLIA approved free-standing laboratory or
hospital laboratory, clinic, physician office or other health care facility laboratory.        

4.12.4 
 Require all clinical laboratories to provide verification of CLIA Licensure or Certificate of Waiver during the provider registration process. Failure to do so shall result in either a termination of an active provider
ID number or denial of initial registration.        

4.12.5 
 Apply the following requirements to all clinical laboratories:        

4.12.5.1 
 Pass-through billing or other similar activities with the intent to avoid the requirements in the Scope of Work, Laboratory Testing Services, Sections 4.12.1 and 4.12.2 is prohibited;    

4.12.5.2 
 Clinical laboratory providers who do not comply with the requirements in the Scope of Work, Laboratory Testing Services, Sections 4.12.1 and 4.12.2 may not be reimbursed;    

4.12.5.3 
 Laboratories with a Certificate of Waiver are limited to providing only the types of tests permitted under the terms of their waiver; and    

4.12.5.4 
 Laboratories with a Certificate of Registration are allowed to perform a full range of laboratory tests.    
      37  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.12.6 
 Manage and oversee the administration of laboratory services through subcontracts with qualified services providers to deliver laboratory services.    

4.12.7 
 Obtain laboratory test data on Title XIX/XXI eligible members from a laboratory or hospital based laboratory subject to the requirements in A.R.S.   36-2903(Q) (1-6) and (R), upon written request.

4.12.8 
 Use the data in Section 4.12.7 exclusively for quality improvement activities and health care outcome studies required and approved by ADHS/DBHS.    
   
   ADHS/DBHS supports a coordinated system of entry into crisis services that are
community based, recovery-oriented, and member focused. The improvement of collaboration, data collection standards, and communication will enhance quality of care which leads to better health care outcomes while containing cost. Expanding
provider networks that are capable of providing a full array of crisis services that are geared toward the members is expected to maintain health and enhance member quality of life. The use of crisis service data for crisis service delivery and
coordination of care is critical to the effectiveness of the overall crisis delivery system.      

4.14  
  Crisis Services-General Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

4.14.1 
 Stabilize individuals as quickly as possible and assist them in returning to their baseline of functioning;        

4.14.2 
 Assess the individual s needs, identify the supports and services that are necessary to meet those needs, and connect the individual to appropriate services;    

4.14.3 
 Provide solution-focused and recovery-oriented interventions designed to avoid unnecessary hospitalization, incarceration, or placement in a more segregated setting;    

4.14.4 
 Utilize the engagement of peer and family support services in providing crisis services;        

4.14.5 
 Meet or exceed the immediate and urgent response requirements in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Appointment Standards and Timeliness of Service and record referrals, dispositions, and overall response time;

4.14.6 
 Not require prior authorization for crisis services;        

4.14.7 
 Have the discretion to require subcontracted providers that are not part of Contractor s crisis network to deliver crisis services or be involved in crisis response activities during regular business operating
hours;        

4.14.8 
 Coordinate with all clinics and case management agencies to resolve crisis situations for assigned members;        

4.14.9 
 Develop local county based stabilization services to prevent unnecessary transport outside of the community where the crisis is occurring;    

4.14.10 
 Develop a process where tribal liaisons and appropriate clinical staff coordinate crisis services on tribal lands with the crisis providers;    
      38  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.14.11 
 Participate in a data and information sharing system, connecting crisis providers and member physicians through a health information exchange;    

4.14.12 
 Analyze, track, and trend crisis service utilization data in order to improve crisis services;        

4.14.13 
 In conformance with the Scope of Work, Care Coordination and Collaboration Section 5, provide information about crisis services and develop and maintain collaborative relationships with community partners
including:        

4.14.14 
 Have active involvement with local police, fire departments, and first responders in the development of strategies for crisis service care coordination and strategies to assess and improve crisis response services;

4.14.15 
 Provide annual trainings to support and develop law enforcement agencies understanding of behavioral health emergencies and crises;        

4.14.16 
 Utilize and train tribal police to be able to assist in behavioral health crises responses on tribal land;        

4.14.17 
 Develop a collaborative process to ensure information sharing for timely access to Court Ordered Evaluation (COE) services; and        

4.14.18 
 Submit the deliverables related to Crisis Services reporting in accordance with Exhibit 9.        

4.14.19 
 The Contractor is responsible for notifying the responsible health plan within twenty-four (24) hours of an acute dual eligible member engaging in crisis services so subsequent services can be initiated by the
member s health plan. The member s health plan is responsible for all other medically necessary services related to a crisis episode. The Contractor shall develop policies and procedures to ensure timely notification and communication with
health plans for acute dual eligible members who have engaged crisis services.        

4.14.20 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the full continuum of crisis services, including but not limited to, timely access to crisis services telephone response, mobile crisis teams and stabilization services. Crisis
services shall be community based, recovery-oriented, and member focused and shall work to stabilize individuals as quickly as possible and assist them in returning to their baseline of functioning.    

4.14.21 
 The Contractor shall develop policies that outline its role and responsibility related to the treatment of individuals who are unable or unwilling to consent to treatment. The policy must be submitted for review. The
policy must address:        

4.14.21.2 
 Court ordered process, including tracking the status of court orders;    
      39  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.15  
  Crisis Services-Telephone Response       The Contractor shall:  

4.15.1 
 Establish and maintain a twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week crisis response system.        

4.15.2 
 Establish and maintain a single toll-free crisis telephone number.        

4.15.3 
 Publicize its single toll-free crisis telephone number throughout Greater Arizona and include it prominently on Contractor s web site, the Member Handbook, member newsletters and as a listing in the resource
directory of local telephone books.        

4.15.4 
 Have a sufficient number of staff to manage the telephone crisis response line.        

4.15.5 
 Answer calls to the crisis response line within three (3) telephone rings, with a call abandonment rate of less than three per cent (3%).    

4.15.6 
 Include triage, referral and dispatch of service providers and patch capabilities to and from 911 and other crisis providers or crisis systems as applicable.    

4.15.7 
 Conduct a follow-up call within seventy-two (72) hours to make sure the caller has received the necessary services.        

4.15.8 
 Offer interpretation or language translation services to persons who do not speak or understand English and for the deaf and hard of hearing.    

4.15.9 
 Provide Nurse On-Call services twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week to answer general healthcare questions from SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract and to provide
them with general health information and self-care instructions.        

4.16  
  Crisis Services-Mobile Crisis Teams       The Contractor shall establish and maintain mobile
crisis teams with the following capabilities:      

4.16.1 
 Ability to travel to the place where the individual is experiencing the crisis.        

4.16.2 
 Ability to assess and provide immediate crisis intervention.        

4.16.3 
 Develop mobile teams that have the capacity to serve specialty needs of population served including youth and children, hospital rapid response, and developmentally disabled.    

4.16.4 
 Reasonable efforts to stabilize acute psychiatric or behavioral symptoms, evaluate treatment needs, and develop plans to meet the individual s needs.    

4.16.5 
 When clinically indicated, transport the individual to a more appropriate facility for further care.        

4.16.6 
 Require mobile crisis teams to respond on site within the average of ninety (90) minutes of receipt of the crisis call. Average of ninety minutes is calculated by utilizing the monthly average of all crisis call
response times.        

4.16.7 
 Develop incentives for those mobile team providers who respond to crisis calls within forty-five (45) minutes of the initial call.    
      40  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.17  
  Crisis Services- Crisis Stabilization Settings       The Contractor shall establish and
maintain crisis stabilization settings with the following capabilities:      

4.17.1 
 Offer twenty-four (24) hour substance use disorder/psychiatric crisis stabilization services including twenty-three (23) hour crisis stabilization/observation capacity.    

4.17.2 
 Provide short-term crisis stabilization services (up to seventy-two (72) hours) in an effort to successfully resolve the crisis and returning the individual to the community instead of transitioning to a higher level of
care.        

4.17.3 
 Provide a crisis assessment and stabilization service in settings consistent with requirements to have an adequate and sufficient provider network that includes any combination of the following:    

4.17.3.3 
 Have the discretion to include home-like settings such as apartments and single family homes where individuals experiencing a psychiatric crisis can stay to receive support and crisis respite services in the community
before returning home.        
   The Contractor shall:  

4.18.1 
 Administer a prevention system in conformance with the Strategic Prevention Framework (SPF) Model established by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA);    

4.18.2 
 Submit an Annual Prevention budget for review and approval;        

4.18.3 
 Track spending of Prevention (SABG ) monies annually to ensure prevention funds are expended according to funding guidelines which include but are not limited to the following: completing site visits, providing training
and technical assistance to any subcontractors;        

4.18.4 
 Provide prevention services in accordance with completed, formal, comprehensive regional needs assessment;        

4.18.5 
 Subcontract with Community Based Organizations for provision of prevention services;        

4.18.6 
 Designate one full time lead prevention administrator;        

4.18.7 
 Develop a regional strategic plan which conforms to prevention (SABG) funding guidelines;        

4.18.8 
 Report evaluation outcomes annually using the ADHS evaluation tools/surveys to measure outcomes;        

4.18.9 
 Comply with all funding requirements for prevention;        

4.18.10 
 Participate in annual review to evaluate prevention programs; and        

4.18.11 
 Submit deliverables related to Prevention Services reporting in accordance with Exhibit 9.    
      41  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.19  
  Pediatric Immunizations and the Vaccines for Children Program       Through the Vaccines for
Children (VFC) Program, the federal and state governments purchase, and make available to providers at no cost, vaccines for Medicaid eligible members under age nineteen (19). Any provider, licensed by the state to administer immunizations, may
register with ADHS as a  VFC provider  and receive free vaccines.    For SMI members receiving physical health care services, age
eighteen (18) only, the Contractor shall:      

4.19.1 
 Not reimburse providers for the administration of the vaccines in excess of the maximum allowable amount set by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS), found in the AHCCCS fee schedule.    

4.19.2 
 Not utilize Medicaid funding to purchase vaccines for SMI members, age eighteen (18).       

4.19.3 
 Contact ADHS/DBHS and the AHCCCS Division of Health Care Management, Clinical Quality Management Unit if vaccines are not available through the VFC Program.   

4.19.4 
 Comply with all VFC requirements and monitor its providers to ensure that, a PCP for an SMI member, age eighteen (18) only, is registered with ADHS as a VFC provider.    

4.19.5 
 Develop and implement processes to ensure that vaccinations are available through a VFC enrolled provider or through the county Health Department when a provider chooses not to provide vaccinations. In all
instances, the antigens are to be provided through the VFC program.       

4.19.6 
 Develop and implement processes to pay the administration fee to the VFC provider who administers the vaccine regardless of the provider s contract status with the Contractor.    

4.19.7 
 Educate its provider network about immunization reporting requirements, the ASIIS Immunization registry, the use of the VFC program and the availability of ASIIS software for providers to assist in meeting reporting
requirements.        

4.19.8 
 Monitor compliance with the following reporting requirements:        

4.19.8.1 
 Report all immunizations given to only SMI members that are age eighteen (18); and        

4.19.8.2 
 Report immunizations at least monthly to the ADHS, ASIIS Immunization registry which can be accessed by providers to obtain complete, accurate immunization records.    

4.20  
  Medicaid School Based Claiming Program (MSBC)       Pursuant to an Intergovernmental
Agreement with the Department of Education, and a contract with a Third Party Administrator, AHCCCS reimburses participating school districts for specifically identified Medicaid services when provided to Medicaid eligible children who are included
under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). The Medicaid services must be identified in the member s Individual Education Plan (IEP) as medically necessary for the child to obtain a public school education.  
 Medicaid School Based Claiming (MSBC) services are provided in a school setting or other approved setting specifically to allow children to
receive a public school education. They do not replace medically necessary services provided outside the school setting or other MSBC services approved at an alternative setting. Currently, services include audiology, therapies
(occupational, physical and speech/language); behavioral health evaluation and counseling; nursing and attendant care (health aid services provided in the classroom); and specialized transportation to and from school on days when the child receives
an AHCCCS-covered MSBC service. The Contractor s evaluations and determinations of medical necessity shall be made independent of the fact that the child is receiving MSBC services.  
      42  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  For Medicaid eligible SMI members, ages eighteen (18) through twenty (20), receiving physical
health care services, the Contractor shall:      

4.20.1 
 Coordinate with schools and school districts that provide MSBC services to members;        

4.20.3 
 Require persons who coordinate care for members to coordinate with the appropriate school staff working with these members;        

4.20.4 
 Transfer member medical information and progress toward treatment goals between the Contractor and the SMI member s school or school district as appropriate;    

4.20.5 
 Designate a single point of contact to coordinate care and communicate with public school Transition Coordinators; and        

4.20.6 
 Evaluate all requests made for services covered under the MSBC program on the same basis as any request for a covered service.        
   Members with special health care needs are those members who
have serious and chronic physical, developmental, or behavioral conditions requiring medically necessary health and related services of a type or amount beyond that required by members generally. A member will be considered as having special health
care needs if the medical condition simultaneously meets the following criteria:      

4.21.1 
 Lasts or is expected to last one year or longer, and        

4.21.2 
 Requires ongoing care not generally provided by a primary care provider.      AHCCCS has determined
that the following populations meet this definition:      

4.21.3 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) program        

4.21.4 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the Arizona Department of Health Services Division of Behavioral Health contracted Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (RBHAs), and    

4.21.6.1 Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who are elderly
and/or have a physical disability, and    4.21.6.2 Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who have a developmentally disability.  
 ADHS monitors quality and appropriateness of care/services for routine and special health care needs members through annual Administrative
Reviews of Contractors and the review of required Contractor deliverables set forth in contract, program specific performance measures, and performance improvement projects.  
 For all Medicaid eligible populations receiving services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:  

4.21.7 
 Have mechanisms in place to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs as defined by the State (42 CFR 438.208(c)(1)).   
      43  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.21.8 
 Have mechanisms in place to assess each member in order to identify any ongoing special conditions of the member which require a course of treatment or regular care monitoring (42 CFR 438.208(c)(2)).   

4.21.9 
 Utilize appropriate health care professionals in the assessment process.        

4.21.10 
 Share with other entities providing services to that member any results of its identification and assessment of that member s needs to prevent duplication of those activities. (42 CFR 438.208(b)(3)).

4.21.11 
 Have procedures in place to allow members to directly access a specialist (for example through a standing referral or an approved number of visits as appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs (42
CFR 438.208 (c) (4)).        

4.22  
  Special Assistance for SMI Members       The Contractor shall:  

4.22.1 
 Require its staff, subcontractors, and service providers to identify all persons in need of special assistance to the ADHS/DBHS Office of Human Rights, and ensure those persons are provided the special assistance they
require, consistent with the requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual Section on Special Assistance for Persons Determined to have a Serious Mental Illness.    

4.22.2 
 Cooperate with the Human Rights Committee in meeting its obligations in the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual Section on Special Assistance for Persons Determined to have a Serious Mental Illness.    

4.22.3 
 Submit the deliverables related to Special Assistance Services reporting in accordance with Exhibit 9.        

4.23  
  Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Housing       The Contractor shall:  

4.23.1 
 Develop and maintain a housing continuum for members with SMI in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Housing Desktop Manual.        

4.23.2 
 Collaborate with community stakeholders, state agency partners, federal agencies and other entities to identify, apply for or leverage alternative funding sources for housing programs.    

4.23.3 
 Develop and manage state and federal housing programs and deliver housing related services.        

4.23.4 
 Utilize all housing units previously purchased in the GSA for purposes of providing housing for SMI members.        

4.23.5 
 Evaluate and report annually the fidelity of the Housing program through utilizing SAMHSA s Permanent Supportive Housing toolkit.    

4.23.6 
 Comply with all federally funded and state funded housing requirements as directed by ADHS/DBHS.        

4.23.7 
 Submit the deliverables related to the Housing Program in accordance with Exhibit 9.    
      44  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  The Contractor shall not:  

4.23.8 
 Utilize state funds in any capacity for unlicensed boarding homes, or other similar unlicensed facilities.        

4.24  
  Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Employment       The Contractor shall:  

4.24.1 
 Develop and manage a continuum of vocational employment and business development services to assist SMI members, including transition age youth to achieve their employment goals.    

4.24.2 
 Provide priority to those providers under contract with ADES/RSA when entering into subcontracts for vocational/employment services.    

4.24.3 
 Make all reasonable efforts to increase the number of providers who are mutually contracted with ADES/RSA.        

4.24.4 
 Evaluate and report annually the fidelity of Supported Employment services utilizing SAMHSA s Supported Employment toolkit.        

4.25  
  Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Peer Support       The Contractor shall:  

4.25.1 
 Require subcontractors and providers to assign at least one (1) Peer Support Specialist/Recovery Support Specialist on each adult recovery team to provide covered services, when appropriate.    

4.25.2 
 Evaluate and report annually the fidelity of peer support programs utilizing SAMHSA s Consumer Operated Services Program toolkit.    

4.26.1 
 Centers of Excellence are facilities that are recognized as providing the highest levels of leadership, quality, and service. Centers of Excellence align physicians and other providers to achieve higher value through
greater focus on appropriateness of care, clinical excellence, and patient satisfaction. Designation as a Center of Excellence is based on criteria such as procedure volumes, clinical outcomes, and treatment planning and coordination. To encourage
Contractor activity which incentivizes utilization of the best value providers for select, evidenced based, high volume procedures or conditions, the Contractor shall ensure that its subcontractors submit a Centers of Excellence Report to AHCCCS,
DHCM by April 1, 2016, as specified in Exhibit 9, outlining the Contractor s approach to developing at least two Centers of Excellence for at least two different procedures or conditions. The Centers of Excellence Report must:

4.26.1.1 
 Identify why the selected procedures or conditions were chosen,        

4.26.1.2 
 Outline how the Contractor will identify and select providers with the highest quality outcomes,        

4.26.1.3 
 Provide a high-level summary of potential contracting approaches,        

4.26.1.4 
 Identify how the Contractor plans to drive utilization to the Centers of Excellence, and        

4.26.1.5 
 Identify any barriers or challenges with the development of such Centers of Excellence.    
      45  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5  
  CARE COORDINATION AND COLLABORATION         
   Care Coordination encompasses a variety of activities for
coordinating services and providers to assist a member in achieving his or her Recovery goals described in the Individual Recovery Plan. These activities, which can occur both at a clinical and system level, are performed by Treatment Team
members depending on a member s needs, goals, and functional status. Regardless of who performs care coordination, the care coordinator should have expertise in member self-management approaches, member advocacy and be capable of navigating
complex systems and communicating with a wide spectrum of professional and lay persons including family members, physicians, specialists and other health care professionals.  
 The Contractor shall conduct care coordination activities which at a minimum shall include, when appropriate, the following activities:  

5.1.2 
 Engage the member to participate in service planning.        

5.1.3 
 Monitor adherence to treatment goals including medication adherence.        

5.1.4 
 Authorize the initial service package, continuing or additional services and suggest or create service alternatives when appropriate.    

5.1.5 
 Establish a process to ensure coordination of member care needs across the continuum based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs.    

5.1.6 
 Monitor individual health status and service utilization to determine use of evidence-based care and adherence to or variance from the Individual Recovery Plan.    

5.1.7 
 Monitor member services and placements to assess the continued appropriateness, medical necessity and cost effectiveness of the services.    

5.1.8 
 Identify and document the member s primary care and specialty care providers to make sure the information is current and accurate.    

5.1.9 
 Communicate among behavioral and physical health service providers regarding member progress and health status, test results, lab reports, medications and other health care information when necessary to promote optimal
outcomes and reduce risks, duplication of services or errors;        

5.1.10 
 Track the member s eligibility status for covered benefits and assist with eligibility applications or renewals.        

5.1.11 
 Communicate with the member s assigned Care Manager, treatment team or other service providers to ensure management of care and services including addressing and resolving complex, difficult care situations.

5.1.12 
 Participate in discharge planning from hospitals, jail or other institutions and follow up with members after discharge.        

5.1.13 
 Ensure applicable services continue after discharge.    
      46  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.1.14 
 Comply with the AMPM and the ACOM Policy 402 standards for member transitions between Contractors or GSAs, participation in or discharge from CRS or CMDP, to or from an ALTCS and Acute Care Contractor and upon
termination or expiration of a contract.        

5.1.15 
 Recognize that the exiting Contractor shall be responsible for performing all transition activities at no cost.        

5.1.16 
 Track member transitions from one (1) level of care to another, streamline care plans, and mitigate any disruption in care.        

5.1.17 
 Make referrals to providers, services or community resources.        

5.1.18 
 Verify that periodic re-assessment occurs at least annually or more frequently when the member s psychiatric and/or medical status changes.   

5.1.19 
 Communicate with family members and other system stakeholders that have contact with the member including, state agencies, other governmental agencies, tribal nations, schools, courts, law enforcement, and correctional
facilities.        

5.1.20 
 Identify gaps in services and report gaps to Contractor s network development manager.        

5.1.21 
 Verify that members discharged from Arizona State Hospital with diabetes are issued appropriate equipment and supplies they were trained to use while in the facility.    

5.1.22 
 Coordinate medical care for members who are inpatient at the Arizona State Hospital (AzSH) in accordance with ACOM 432 and AMPM Policy 1020.    

5.1.23 
 Coordinate outreach activities to members not engaged, but who would benefit from services.        

5.1.24 
 When a Contractor receives members from another Contractor the Contractor shall:        

5.1.24.1 
 Ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for thirty (30) days after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative; and

5.1.24.2 
 When relinquishing members, timely notify the receiving Contractor regarding pertinent information related to any special needs of transitioning members.    

5.1.24.3 
 A new Contractor who receives members from another Contractor as a result of a contract award shall ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for thirty (30) days
after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.        

5.1.25 
 When a PCP has initiated medication management services for a member to treat a behavioral health disorder, and it is subsequently determined by the PCP that the member should be transferred to a RBHA or T/RBHA
prescriber for evaluation and/or continued medication management services, the Contractor shall:        

5.1.25.1 
 Require and ensure that the PCP coordinates the transfer of care.        

5.1.25.2 
 Include this provision in all affected subcontracts; and        

5.1.25.3 
 Ensure that PCPs maintain continuity of care for these members.    
      47  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.1.26 
 Establish policies and procedures for the transition of members to the RBHA or T/RBHA for ongoing treatment. The policies and procedures must address, at a minimum, the following:    

5.1.26.1 
 Guidelines for when a transition of the member to the RBHA or T/RBHA for ongoing treatment is indicated;        

5.1.26.2 
 Protocols for notifying the RBHA or T/RBHA of the member s transfer, including reason for transfer, diagnostic information, and medication history;    

5.1.26.3 
 Protocols and guidelines for the transfer or sharing of medical records information and protocols for responding to RBHA or T/RBHA requests for additional medical record information;    

5.1.26.4 
 Protocols for transition of prescription services, including but not limited to notification to the RBHA or T/RBHA of the member s current medications and timeframes for dispensing and refilling medications during
the transition period. This coordination must ensure at a minimum, that the member does not run out of prescribed medications prior to the first appointment with a RBHA or T/RBHA prescriber and that all relevant member medical information
including the reason for transfer is forwarded to the receiving RBHA or T/RBHA prescriber prior to the member s first scheduled appointment with the RBHA or T/RBHA prescriber; and    

5.1.26.5 
 Contractor monitoring activities to ensure that members are appropriately transitioned to the RBHA or T/RBHA for care.        

5.2  
  Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members       Medicaid members who are also enrolled
in Medicare are considered dually eligible or  dual eligible . In an effort to improve care coordination and control costs for dual eligible members with Serious Mental Illness (SMI), the contractor shall offer Medicaid services to
eligible members with SMI as a Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) as required in Exhibit 3. The Contractor shall comply with the Care Coordination requirements in the Scope of Work Care Coordination Section 5 and:  

5.2.1 
 Create a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) and if the member enrolls with the Contractor s D-SNP, be the sole organization that manages the provision of Medicare benefits to SMI dual
eligible members enrolled with the Integrated RBHA and may not delegate or subcontract with another entity except as specified below, in Exhibit 3 and the scope of work Section 18.3.3 and 20.3.2.   

5.2.2 
 Meet all Medicare Advantage requirements to remain in compliance and continue operating as a D-SNP in order to provide Medicare services to eligible individuals in accordance with ACOM Policy 107 for Contractors
that currently have contracts, or will be pursuing contracts, with the CMS to operate as a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP).        

5.2.3 
 May delegate or subcontract the managed care functions with another entity for the provision of Medicare benefits when that entity is also responsible for performing those functions for the Contractor s Medicaid
line of business.    
      48  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.2.4 
 Establish an easily identifiable brand that is recognized by SMI dual eligible members and providers as an integrated service delivery health plan for both Medicare and Medicaid services.    

5.2.5 
 Sign a Medicare Advantage D SNP Health Plan Agreement with AHCCCS to fulfill the requirement per CMS guidelines, that all D-SNPs are required to have an agreement with the State Medicaid Agency to operate as a
D-SNP. This agreement will outline specific D-SNP responsibilities related to care coordination, data sharing, and eligibility verification.        

5.2.6 
 Work with ADHS and AHCCCS to improve the system for dual eligible which may include, but is not limited to:        

5.2.6.2 
 Department sponsored marketing, outreach, and education, and        

5.2.7 
 Provide choice of providers to Dual eligible members in the network and shall not be restricted to those that accept Medicare.        

5.2.8 
 Use all data, including Medicare A, B, and D data, in developing and implementing care coordination models. See Section 8, Medical Management, for care coordination requirements.    

5.2.9 
 The Contractor shall ensure the coordination of care for dual eligible members turning eighteen (18) years of age and for newly eligible dual members transitioning to an Acute Care Contractor for their behavioral health
services.        

5.3  
  Coordination with AHCCCS Contractors and Primary Care Physicians       For members not
eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:     

5.3.2 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that govern confidentiality, implementation and monitoring of coordination between subcontractors, AHCCCS physical health care contractors, behavioral health providers, and
other governmental agencies.        

5.3.3 
 Forward behavioral health records including copies or summaries of relevant information of each Title XIX/XXI member to the member s PCP as needed to support quality medical management and prevent duplication of
services.       

5.3.4.2 
 Critical lab results as defined by the laboratory and prescribed medications, and        
 
      49  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.3.5 
 Use the ADHS/DBHS required, standardized forms to transmit the information required in Sections 5.2.3 and 5.2.4.        

5.3.6 
 Obtain proper consent and authorization in conformance with Section 18.11, Consent and Authorization.        

5.3.7 
 Have consultation services and materials available as follows:        

5.3.7.1 
 The Contractor will ensure consultation services are available to health plan PCPs and have materials available for the Acute Care Contractors and primary care providers describing how to access consultation services
and how to initiate a referral for ongoing behavioral health services.       

5.3.7.2 
 Behavioral health recipients currently being treated by the Contractor for depression, anxiety or attention deficit hyperactivity disorders may be referred to a PCP (which is not required to be the member s
assigned PCP) for ongoing care only after consultation with and acceptance by the member and the PCP.        

5.3.7.3 
 The Contractor must ensure the systematic review of the appropriateness of decisions to refer members to PCPs for ongoing care for depression, anxiety or attention deficit hyperactivity disorders. Upon request, the
Contractor shall ensure that PCPs are informed about the availability of resource information regarding the diagnosis and treatment of behavioral health disorders.    

5.3.8 
 Develop protocols for transition of the member back to the PCP. This coordination must ensure at a minimum, that the member does not run out of prescribed medications prior to the first appointment with the PCP and that
all relevant member medical information including the reason for transfer is forwarded to the PCP prior to the member s first scheduled appointment with the PCP.    

5.3.9 
 Ensure that information and training is available to PCPs regarding behavioral health coordination of care processes.       

5.3.10 
 Meet, at least quarterly, with the AHCCCS Health Plans operating in Greater Arizona and AIHP to address systemic coordination of care issues including at a minimum, sharing information with Health Plans regarding
referral and consultation services and solving identified problems.       

5.3.11 
 Assign staff to facilitate the meetings described in Section 5.2.12 who have sufficient program and administrative knowledge and authority to identify and resolve issues in a timely manner.    

5.3.12 
 Have a Physical Health Plan and Provider Coordinator to address and resolve coordination of care issues at the lowest level.       

5.3.13 
 Forward the following information in writing to ADHS/DBHS if the Contractor is unable to resolve issues with AHCCCS Health Plans:        

50  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.4  
  Collaboration with System Stakeholders      The Contractor shall:  

5.4.1 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing collaborative protocols with each of:        

5.4.1.2 
 Arizona Department of Economic Security/Division of Developmental Disabilities;        

5.4.1.3 
 Arizona Department of Economic Security/Rehabilitative Services Administration;        

5.4.2 
 Address in each collaborative protocol, at a minimum, the following:        

5.4.2.1 
 Procedures for each entity to coordinate the delivery of covered services to members served by both entities;        

5.4.2.4 
 Resources each entity commits for the care and support of members mutually served;        

5.4.2.5 
 Procedures to identify and address joint training needs; and        

5.4.2.6 
 Where applicable, procedures to have providers co-located at Department of Child Safety (DCS) offices, juvenile detention centers or other agency locations as directed by ADHS/DBHS.    

5.4.3 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing collaborative protocols with local law enforcement and first responders, which, at a minimum, shall address:    

5.4.3.1 
 Continuity of covered services during a crisis;        

5.4.3.2 
 Information about the use and availability of Contractor s crisis response services;        

5.4.3.4 
 Strengthening relationships between first (1st) responders and providers when support or assistance is needed in working with or engaging members; and    

5.4.3.5 
 Procedures to identify and address joint training needs.        

5.4.4 
 Complete all written protocols and agreements within one hundred and twenty (120) days of Contract Award Date.    
      51  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.4.5 
 Review the written protocols on an annual basis with system partners and update as needed.        

5.4.6 
 Submit written protocols to ADHS/DBHS upon request.        

5.4.7 
 Comply with the requirements of the Arizona Early Intervention Program (AzEIP). The AzEIP is implemented through the coordinated activities of the ADES, ADHS, Arizona State Schools for the Deaf and Blind (ASDB),
AHCCCS, and ADE. The AzEIP Program is governed by the Individuals with Disabilities Act (IDEA), Part C (P.L.105-17). AzEIP, through federal regulation, is stipulated as the payor of last resort to Medicaid, and is prohibited from supplanting another
entitlement program, including Medicaid.        

5.4.8 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) specific to the following correctional entities:       

5.4.8.1 
 Arizona Administrative Office of the Courts for Juvenile and Adult Probation;        

5.4.8.2 
 The Arizona Department of Corrections for Juvenile and Adults; and        

5.4.9 
 At a minimum, shall include the following care coordination requirements. The Contractor shall:        

5.4.9.1 
 Partner with the justice system to communicate timely data necessary for coordination of care in conformance with all applicable administrative orders and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA)
requirements that permit the sharing of written, verbal and electronic information; and        

5.4.9.2 
 Utilize data sharing agreements and administrative orders that permit the sharing of written, verbal and electronic information at the time of admission into the facility and at the time of discharge. At a minimum, data
communicated shall comply with HIPAA requirements and consist of:        

52  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.4.10 
 Offer customized training that is designed to strengthen staff s ability to effectively work with individuals in the correctional facility.    

5.4.11 
 Share information that assists the clinical team in developing treatment plans that incorporate community release conditions, as appropriate.    

5.4.12 
 Policies and procedures that identify specific time frames to have the team (i.e. Correctional Facility, RBHA, Provider and Jail Coordinator) convene to discuss services and resources needed for the individual to safely
transition into the community upon release for persons with an SMI diagnosis and those persons categorized as GMH and/or Substance Abuse who have the following complicated/high cost medical needs:    

5.4.13 
 Utilize strategies to optimize the use of services in connection with Mental Health Courts and Drug Courts.        

5.5  
  Collaboration to Improve Health Care Service Delivery       The Contractor shall:  

5.5.1 
 At least every six (6) months, meet with a broad spectrum of behavioral and physical health providers to gather input; discuss issues; identify challenges and barriers; problem-solve; share information and strategize
ways to improve or strengthen the health care service delivery.        

5.5.2 
 Invite ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS to participate at these meetings.    
      53  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.6  
  Collaboration with Peers and Family Members       The Contractor shall:  

5.6.1 
 At least every six (6) months, meet with a broad spectrum of peers, family members, peer and family run organizations, advocacy organizations or any other persons that have an interest in participating in improving the
system. The purpose of these meetings is to gather input; discuss issues; identify challenges and barriers; problem-solve; share information and strategize ways to improve or strengthen the service delivery system.    

5.6.2 
 Invite ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS to participate at these meetings.        

5.7  
  Collaboration with Tribal Nations       The Contractor shall:  

5.7.1 
 Consult with each Tribal Nation within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona to ensure availability of appropriate and accessible services.    

5.7.2 
 Coordinate eligibility and service delivery between the RBHA, IHS, and tribally owned and operated facilities authorized to provide services pursuant to P.L. 93-638, as amended.    

5.7.3 
 Participate at least annually in meetings or forums with the IHS and tribally owned and operated facilities and providers that serve American Indian members.    

5.7.4 
 Communicate and collaborate with the tribal, county and state service delivery and legal systems and with the Tribal and IHS Providers to coordinate the involuntary commitment process for American Indian members.

5.7.5 
 Collaborate with ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS to reach an agreement with Indian Health Services and Phoenix Indian Medical Center to exchange health information, coordinate care and improve health care outcomes for American
Indian members.        

5.7.6 
 Develop collaborative relationships with IHS, Tribes, Tribal Organizations, Urban Indian Organizations (I/T/U) serving tribes in the geographical service areas assigned to the RBHA for the purposes of care coordination
which may include member data sharing.        

5.7.7 
 Collaborate with ADHS, AHCCCS, IHS in order to improve communication through the utilization of health information exchange in order to improve coordination of care and health outcomes for American Indian members.

5.7.8 
 Facilitate coordination of care to include face to face meeting with children in residential facilities located off tribal lands, ensuring the child has communication with the tribal community.    

5.7.9 
 Provide continuing education on a quarterly basis, training for para-professionals and behavioral health professionals working on tribal lands. RBHAs shall offer the courses through face to face or telemedicine and
provide Continuing Education Units (CEUs) for the completion of the courses electronically.        

5.7.10 
 Develop and provide  in-service  trainings for I/T/U on utilization of services and behavioral health resources available to American Indian Communities located within the
Geographic Service Areas in Greater Arizona.        

5.7.11 
 Develop agreements with the tribes located within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona to provide, on a monthly basis, provision of mobile behavioral health and physical health services.
   
      54  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.7.12 
 Collaborate with ADHS to implement changes provided from the quarterly Formal Tribal Consultation.        

5.7.13 
 Collaborate with tribes to build technological infrastructure, so that both telemedicine and telepsychiatry can occur on tribal lands which may include partnership with University of Arizona, Northern Arizona
University, Arizona State University or other educational entities with community investment dollars that provide telemedicine.        

5.7.14 
 Hold care coordination meetings on a monthly basis between the RBHA, IHS facilities, and tribally owned and operated facilities and the tribes located within their geographic services area to address issues related to
crisis and other service delivery issues.        

5.8  
  Coordination for Transitioning Members         

5.8.1 
 The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and the ACOM Policy 402 standards for member transitions between Contractors or GSAs, participation in or discharge from CRS or CMDP, to or from an ALTCS and Acute Care
Contractor and upon termination or expiration of a contract.        

5.8.2 
 When a Contractor receives members from another Contractor the Contractor shall:        

5.8.2.1 
 Ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for thirty (30) days after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s
representative; and        

5.8.2.2 
 When relinquishing members, timely notify the receiving Contractor regarding pertinent information related to any special needs of transitioning members.    

5.8.2.3 
 A new Contractor who receives members from another Contractor as a result of a contract award shall ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for thirty (30) days
after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.        

5.8.3 
 For individuals determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI) who are transitioning from a health plan to an Integrated RBHA, there shall be a fourteen (14) day transition period in order to ensure effective
coordination of care. The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors as outlined above.        

5.8.4 
 For individuals in Maricopa County who transition to the Contractor for their physical health from a health plan and who have an established relationship with a PCP that does not participate in the Integrated
RBHA s provider network, the Contractor shall ensure that the Integrated RBHA provides, at a minimum, a six 6-month transition period in which the individual may continue to seek care from their established PCP while the individual, the
Integrated RBHA and/or case manager finds an alternative PCP within the Integrated RBHA s provider network.        

5.8.5 
 For individuals outside of Maricopa County (i.e. Greater Arizona) who transition to the Contractor for their physical health from a health plan and who have an established relationship with a PCP that does not
participate in an Integrated RBHA s provider network, the Contractor shall ensure that an Integrated RBHA provides, at a minimum, a twelve 12-month transition period in which the individual may continue to seek care from their established PCP
while the individual, an Integrated RBHA and/or case manager finds an alternative PCP within the RBHA s provider network.    
      55  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

5.8.6 
 When individuals transition to an Integrated RBHA for their physical health from a health plan, members in active treatment (including but not limited to chemotherapy, pregnancy, drug regime or a scheduled procedure)
with a non-participating/non-contracted provider shall be allowed to continue receiving treatment from the non-participating/non-contracted provider through the duration of their prescribed treatment.    

5.8.7 
 The Contractor shall ensure the coordination of care for dual eligible members turning eighteen (18) years of age and for newly eligible dual members transitioning to an acute Care Contractor for their behavioral health
services.        

6  
  PROVIDER NETWORK         

6.1  
  Network Development       For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall develop and maintain a network of providers that:      

6.1.1 
 Is sufficient in size, scope and types to deliver all medically necessary covered services and satisfy all service delivery requirements in this Contract (42 CFR 438.206(b)(1)).    

6.1.2 
 Delivers culturally and linguistically appropriate services in home and community-based settings for American Indian members and other culturally and linguistically diverse populations.   

6.1.3 
 Provides timely and accessible services to Medicaid eligible members in the amount, duration and scope as those services are available to Non-Medicaid eligible persons within the same service area
(42 CFR 438.210(a)(2)).        

6.1.4 
 Ensures covered services are provided promptly and are reasonably accessible in terms of location and hours of operation.        

6.1.5 
 Places priority on allowing members, when appropriate, to reside or return to their own home and/or reside in the least restrictive environment.    

6.1.6 
 Is designed, established and maintained by utilizing, at a minimum, the following:        

6.1.6.1 
 The number of current and anticipated Title XIX/XXI eligible members;        

6.1.6.2 
 The number of current and anticipated Non-Title XIX SMI eligible members;        

6.1.6.3 
 The number of current and anticipated Non-SMI, Non-Title XIX/XXI members;        

6.1.6.4 
 Current and anticipated utilization of services;        

6.1.6.5 
 Cultural and linguistic needs of members considering the prevalent languages spoken, including sign language, by population (42 CFR 432.10(c));    
      56  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.1.6.6 
 The number of providers not accepting new referrals;        

6.1.6.7 
 The geographic location of providers and their proximity to members, considering distance, travel time, the means of available transportation and access for persons with disabilities;    

6.1.6.9 
 Member Grievance, SMI grievance and appeal data;        

6.1.6.10 
 Issues, concerns and requests brought forth by state agencies and other system stakeholders that that have involvement with persons eligible for services under this Contract;   

6.1.8 
 Responds to routine, immediate, and urgent needs within the established timeframes in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Appointment Standards and Timeliness of Services (42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(i)).

6.1.9 
 For Title XIX/XXI members, provides emergency services on a twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week basis and timely access for routine and emergency services (42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(i) and(iii)).

6.1.11 
 Provides all covered services within a continuum of care including crisis services in conformance with the requirements in the Scope of Work Crisis Services Sections 4.13 through 4.17.   

6.1.12 
 Includes peer and family support specialists.        

6.1.13 
 Includes the Arizona State Hospital in accordance with the process described in ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual Section on the Arizona State Hospital.    

6.1.14 
 Offers members a choice of providers in conformance with enrollment/disenrollment procedures in the ADHS/DBHS policy on Outreach, Engagement, Re-engagement and Closure.   

6.1.15 
 Includes providers that offer services to both children and adults for members moving from one system of care to another in order to maintain continuity of care without service disruptions or mandatory changes in
service providers for those members who wish to keep the same provider.       

6.1.16 
 Includes a sufficient number of locally established, Arizona-based, independent peer/consumer and family operated/run organizations to provide support services, advocacy and training.    

6.1.17 
 Includes specialty service providers to deliver services to children, adolescents and adults with developmental or cognitive disabilities; sexual offenders; sexual abuse victims; individuals with substance use
disorders; individuals in need of dialectical behavior therapy; transition aged youth ages eighteen (18) through twenty (20) and infants and toddlers under the age of five (5) years (42 CFR 438.214(c)).    
      57  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.1.18 
 Implements E-Prescribing within its provider network.        

6.1.19 
 Develops policies and procedures for telemedicine.        

6.1.20 
 Utilizes telemedicine to support an adequate provider network. Telemedicine shall not replace provider choice and/or member preference for physical delivery.    

6.1.21 
 Develops incentive plans to recruit and retain BHP s and BHMP s in the local community.        

6.1.22 
 Does not discriminate regarding participation in the ADHS/DBHS program, reimbursement or indemnification against any provider based solely on the provider s type of licensure or certification (42 CFR
438.12(a)(1)).        

6.1.23 
 Does not discriminate against particular providers that service high-need populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment (42 CFR 438.214(c)). This provision, however, does not prohibit the
Contractor from limiting provider participation, provided the needs of Title XIX/XXI members are met. This provision also does not interfere with measures established by the Contractor to control costs consistent with its responsibilities under this
Contract (42 CFR 438.12(b)(1)).        

6.1.24 
 Timely notifies providers in writing of the reason for its decision if the Contractor declines to include individual or groups of providers in its network, (42 CFR 438.12(a)(1)). The Contractor may not include
providers excluded from participation in federal health care programs, under either Section 1128 or Section 1128A of the Social Security Act (42 CFR 438.214(d)).        

6.1.25 
 Supports workforce development and medical residency and dental student training programs in the state of Arizona through Graduate Medical Education (GME) Residency Training Programs or other opportunities for resident
participation in Contractor medical management and committee activities. In the event of a contract termination between the Contractor and a Graduate Medical Education Residency Training Program or training site, the Contractor may not remove
members from that program in such a manner as to harm the stability of the program. ADHS/DBHS reserves the right to determine what constitutes risk to the program. If a Residency Training Program is in need of patients in order to maintain
accreditation, ADHS/DBHS may require the Contractor to make members available to the program. Further, the Contractor must attempt to contract with graduating residents and providers that are opening new practices in, or relocating to, Arizona,
especially in rural or underserved areas.        

6.1.26 
 Develops a mobile crisis team network where ninety per cent (90%) of all eligible members residing within the GSA will have geographical access to a contracted mobile crisis team within sixty (60) minutes.

6.1.27 
 Submit an Assurance of Network Adequacy and Sufficiency Report that shall be supported by data to demonstrate the adequacy and sufficiency of its provider network in delivering all medically necessary covered services
42 CFR 438.207(c) Contractor shall include with submission an assurance, signed by its CEO/COO attesting that its network:        

6.1.27.1 
 Offers a full array of service providers to meet the needs of the actual and anticipated number of children, Title XIX/XXI members and Non-Title XIX persons with SMI and the SMI Members receiving physical health care
services under this Contract;    
      58  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.1.27.2 
 Is sufficient in number, mix, and geographic distribution of providers including crisis providers to meet the accessibility and service needs of the populations under this Contract;    

6.1.27.4 
 Is developed, maintained, managed and expanded in conformance with the goals and objectives in the System of Care Plan.        

6.1.28 
 Submit a Provider Network Development and Management Plan in accordance with the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Policy 415 including Network Development and Management Plan Checklist Attachment B, and instructions
provided by ADHS/DBHS (42 CFR 438.207(b)). Additional instructions required at a minimum on:        

6.1.28.1 
 Availability of Methadone and Buprenorphine treatment provider sites;        

6.1.28.2 
 Utilization analysis for Developmentally Disabled population; including comprehensive provider network evaluation in totality of DD.    

6.1.28.3 
 Narrative analysis of network adequacy based on ADHS established Minimum Network Standards;        

6.1.28.4 
 Provider network issues that occurred over the prior year that were significant in nature requiring a corrective action plan;        

6.1.28.5 
 Process and procedures relating to wait time monitoring for all required categories; (transportation wait time, office wait time etc.);    

6.1.28.6 
 Description of crisis system, including subcontractors methodology for telephone, mobile, stabilization, walk-in, detoxification, transportation and other service system supports; and    

6.1.28.7 
 Description of network design by GSA for special populations: Developmental Disability, Sex Offender Treatment, Sex Abuse Trauma, Substance Use Disorder Treatment, Infant and Early Childhood Mental Health, Dialectical
Behavioral Therapy, Peer Support Services, Family Support Services, AzEIP, Homeless, Border communities, Veterans, and Gender Identity and Sexual Orientation Minorities (GSM).    

6.2  
  Network Development for Integrated Health Care Service Delivery       For SMI members
eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall develop and maintain a network of providers that comply with ACOM 436 and to maximize member choice; and:  

6.2.1 
 Has accessibility and choice to integrated health care covered services within the following designated distance limits:        

6.2.1.1 
 For urban; Ninety per cent (90%) of SMI members residing within the GSA will be given a choice of at least two appropriate PCP, dentist and pharmacy within the access limit of ten (10) miles or fifteen (15) minutes from
residence to the PCP, dentist or pharmacy;    
      59  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.2.1.2 
 For rural; Comply with the PCP, dentist and pharmacy requirements as stated in ACOM 436; and        

6.2.1.3 
 Contractor must have subcontracts with a sufficient number of the specified hospitals in the district groupings outlined in AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Policy 436-Network Standards.    

6.2.2 
 Maximizes the availability and access to community based primary care and specialty care providers.        

6.2.3 
 Reduces utilization of the following:        

6.2.3.1 
 Non-emergent utilization of emergency room services;        

6.2.3.4 
 Hospital based outpatient surgeries when lower cost surgery centers are available; and        

6.2.3.5 
 Hospitalization for preventable medical conditions.        

6.2.4 
 Has availability of non-emergent after-hours physician services or primary care services.        

6.2.5 
 Complies with the network requirements in Section 7.6, Primary Care Provider Standards.        

6.2.6 
 Complies with the network requirements in Section 7.7, Maternity Care Provider Standards.        
   For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

6.3.1 
 Monitor providers to demonstrate compliance with all network requirements in this Contract including, at a minimum, the following:        

6.3.1.1 
 Technical assistance and support to consumer-and family-run organizations;        

6.3.1.2 
 Distance traveled; location, time scheduled, and member s response to an offered appointment for services; and        
 
      60  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.3.2 
 Eliminate barriers that prohibit or restrict advocacy for the following:        

6.3.2.2 
 Any information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options including the risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or  non-treatment 
(42 CFR 438.102(a)(1)(ii) and(iii)); and        

6.3.2.3 
 The member s right to participate in health care decisions including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions (42 CFR 438.102(a)(1)(iv)).

6.3.3 
 Document in the member s medical record all communication related to the subject matter in Section 6.3.2.        

6.3.4 
 Continually assess network sufficiency and capacity using multiple data sources to monitor appointment standards, Member Grievances, SMI grievances and appeals, Title XIX/XXI eligibility utilization of services,
penetration rates, member satisfaction surveys and demographic data requirements.        

6.3.5 
 Comply with ADHS/DBHS policy on Network Management.        

6.3.6 
 Comply with ADHS/DBHS Behavioral Health Minimum Network Standards, geographic access requirements.        

6.3.7 
 Comply with ADHS/DBHS policy Network Material Changes, for appropriate notification of network material changes.        

6.3.8 
 When feasible, develop non-financial incentive programs to increase participation in its provider network.        

6.4  
  Out of Network Providers       For all populations eligible for services under this Contract,
the Contractor shall:      

6.4.1 
 Provide adequate, timely and medically necessary covered services through an out-of-network provider if Contractor s provider network is unable to provide adequate and timely services required under this Contract
and continue to provide services by an out of network provider until a network provider is available (42 CFR 438.206(b)(4)).        
 
 For SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:  

6.4.3 
 Reimburse (non-contracted) providers for non-hospital, non-emergent in State services when directed out of network by the Contractor 1) not less than the AHCCCS capped fee-for-service schedule for physical health
services, and 2) at the rate prescribed by ADHS for behavioral health services unless the parties have negotiated different rates.        

6.4.4 
 Permit the provider to become an in network provider at the Contractor s in network rates.        

6.4.5 
 Offer the provider a single case agreement if the provider is unwilling to become a network provider but is willing to continue providing physical health care services to the SMI member at the Contractor s in
network rates.    
      61  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.5  
  Notification of Changes to the Network-Request for Approval         

6.5.1 
 For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:Be responsible for evaluating all provider network changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and determining whether those
changes are material changes to the Contractor s provider network [42 CFR 438.207 (c)]. Notify and obtain written approval from ADHS/AHCCCS before making any Contractor initiated material changes in the size, scope or configuration of the
Contractor s provider network. A material change to the provider network is defined as one that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance and/or provider network standards as
described in this contract including, but not limited to, any change that would cause or is likely to cause more than five (5%) of members in the GSA to change the location where services are received or rendered.    

6.5.2 
 Submit the request for approval of a material change to the provider network, with information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the Contractor s plans for
maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM Policy 439. ADHS/DBHS will review and respond to the Contractor within thirty (30) days of the submission. A material change in the
Contractor s provider network requires sixty (60) days advance written notice from the Contractor to members and providers.        

6.5.3 
 Include in its request a description of any short-term gaps identified as a result of the change and the alternatives to address them.    

6.5.4 
 In the event unforeseen circumstances prevent the Contractor from providing sixty (60) days advance written notice to members and providers, the Contractor shall notify ADHS/DBHS within one (1) business day of
identifying the material change to the provider network for ADHS/DBHS determination of notification requirements.        

6.5.5 
 The requirements regarding material changes to the provider network do not apply to the contract negotiation process between the Contractor and a provider.    

6.5.6 
 Issue notice in writing to providers denied from participating in the Contractor s network, including a reason for the Contractor s decision [42 CFR 438.12].    

6.6  
  Notification of Changes to the Network         

6.6.1 
 Submit notification to ADHS/DBHS for network changes that impact crisis services, residential and/or other services that relate to where a members resides in the provider network, within three (3) days of provider
initiated changes, forty five (45) days prior to the expected implementation of the change.        

6.7  
  Network Reporting Requirements         

6.7.1 
 For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the Contractor shall submit the deliverables related to its Provider Network in accordance with Exhibit 9.    
      62  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7  
  PROVIDER REQUIREMENTS         

7.1  
  Provider General Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.1.1 
 Hold a Provider Forum no less than quarterly. The forum must be chaired by the Contractor s Administrator/CEO or designee. The purpose of the forum is to improve communication between the Contractor and its
providers. The forum shall be open to all providers including dental providers. The Provider Forum shall not be the only venue for the Contractor to communicate and participate in the issues affecting the provider network. Provider Forum meeting
agendas and minutes must be made available to ADHS/DBHS upon request.        

7.1.2 
 Report information discussed during these Forums to Executive Management within the organization.        

7.1.3 
 Conduct meetings with providers to address issues (or to provide general information, technical assistance, etc.) related to Federal and State requirements, changes in policy, reimbursement matters, prior authorization
and other matters as identified or requested by ADHS/DBHS.        

7.2  
  Provider Registration Requirements       The Contractor shall: 

7.2.1 
 Require subcontracted providers to have a license, registration, certification or accreditation in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or other state or federal law and regulations.

7.2.2 
 Require through verification and monitoring that subcontracted providers:        

7.2.3 
 Register with AHCCCS as applicable or in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide;        

7.2.4 
 Sign the Provider Participation Agreement;        

7.2.5 
 Obtain a unique National Provider Identifier (NPI); and        

7.2.6 
 For specific requirements on Provider Registration, refer to the AHCCCS website at:  http://www.azahcccs.gov/commercial/ProviderRegistration/registration.aspx .    

7.3  
  Provider Manual Policy Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.3.1 
 Develop, distribute and maintain a Provider Manual consistent with the requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedures Manual.        

7.3.2 
 Add the Contractor s specific provider operational requirements and information into an electronic version of the Provider Manual.    

7.3.3 
 Transmit copies to ADHS/DBHS on all communication regarding updates to Contractor s Provider Manual.       

7.3.4 
 Obtain ADHS/DBHS prior approval for any Provider Manual content created or deleted by the Contractor that result in material changes to operations or directly impacts members.    

7.3.5 
 Add Contractor-specific policies that the Contractor requires in the Provider Manual.    
      63  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.3.6 
 Complete and disseminate Provider Manual changes to all subcontracted providers no later than the effective date indicated.        

7.3.7 
 Modify practice in accordance with the new or revised Provider Manual policies by the effective date.       

7.3.8 
 Post an electronic version of the Provider Manual policies to the Contractor s web site and make hard copies available upon request.    

7.3.9 
 Require subcontracted providers to utilize the Contractor-specific version of the Provider Manual for the provision of covered behavioral health services.    

7.3.10 
 Permit subcontracted providers to add detail to the specific requirements established by the Contractor; but shall prohibit provider policies that are contrary or redundant to content already established in the
Contractor Provider Manual.        

7.3.11 
 Maintain the Contractor Provider Manual to be consistent with federal and state laws that govern member rights when delivering services, including the protection and enforcement, at a minimum, of a person s right
to the following:        

7.3.11.2 
 Receive information on available treatment options and alternatives, presented in a manner appropriate to the member s condition and ability to understand (42 CFR 100(b)(2)(iii));    

7.3.11.4 
 Be free from any form of restraint or seclusion used as a means of coercion, discipline, convenience, or retaliation (42 CFR 100(b)(2)(v));    

7.3.12.1 
 A description of sanctions for noncompliance with provider subcontract requirements;        

7.3.12.2 
 Financial management, audit and reporting, and disclosure;        

7.3.12.4 
 Quality Management, including annual Quality Management Plan, Quality Management work plan and evaluation of outcomes;        

7.3.12.5 
 Medical Management/Utilization Management, including annual Medical Management Plan, Medical Management work plan and evaluation of outcomes;    
      64  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.3.12.7 
 Responsibility for clinical oversight and point of contact;        

7.3.12.8 
 Inter-rater reliability to assure the consistent application of coverage criteria;        

7.3.12.9 
 Overview of the Contractor s Provider Service department and function;        

7.3.12.10 
 Emergency room utilization guidelines, including appropriate and inappropriate use of the emergency room;        

7.3.12.11 
 Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) services in conformance with the scope of work Section 4.7.6, including a description of dental services coverage and limitations and the other EPSDT
requirements in the scope of work;        

7.3.12.12 
 Maternity services in conformance with Physical Health scope of work Section 4.7 Maternity and Section 7.7 Maternity Care Provider Standards;    

7.3.12.16 
 Referrals to specialists and other providers that include, criteria, processes, responsible parties and meets the minimum requirements for the forwarding of member medical information;    

7.3.12.19 
 Appointment standards; and wait times for transportation for medical and behavioral health services.        

7.3.13 
 TXIX/XXI SMI Member Transition policies on:        

7.3.13.1 
 Members with significant medical conditions such as, a high-risk pregnancy or pregnancy within the last trimester, the need for organ or tissue transplantation, chronic illness resulting in hospitalization or nursing
facility placement, etc.;        

7.3.13.2 
 Members who are receiving ongoing services such as dialysis, home health, chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy, or who are hospitalized at the time of transition;    

7.3.13.3 
 Members who frequently contact AHCCCS, State and local officials, the Governor s Office and/or the media;    
      65  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.3.13.4 
 Members who have received prior authorization for services such as scheduled surgeries,  post-surgical  follow-up visits, out-of-area specialty services, or nursing home admission;

7.3.13.5 
 Continuing prescriptions, Durable Medical Equipment (DME) and medically necessary transportation ordered for the transitioning member by the relinquishing Contractor;    

7.3.13.6 
 Medical records of the transitioning member (the cost, if any, of reproducing and forwarding medical records shall be the responsibility of the relinquishing AHCCCS Contractor); and    

7.4  
  Provider Manual Policy Network Requirements       The Contractor shall, consistent with the
Scope of Work Provider Manual Policy Requirements Section 7.3, include the following Provider Network Policies and Procedures (42 CFR 438.214):      

7.4.2 
 Communication with providers regarding contractual and program changes and requirements;        

7.4.3 
 Monitoring and maintaining providers  compliance with AHCCCS and ADHS/DBHS policies and rules, including grievance system requirements and ensuring member care is not compromised during the grievance/appeal
process;        

7.4.4 
 Evaluating the network for delivery of quality of covered services;        

7.4.5 
 Providing or arranging for medically necessary covered services should the network become temporarily insufficient;        

7.4.6 
 Monitoring the adequacy, accessibility and availability of the Provider Network to meet the needs of the members, including the provision of culturally and linguistically competent care to members with limited
proficiency in English;        

7.4.7 
 Monitoring network capacity to have sufficient qualified providers to serve all members and meet their specialized needs;        

7.4.8 
 Processing expedited and temporary credentials;        

7.4.9 
 Recruiting, selecting, credentialing, re-credentialing and contracting with providers in a manner that incorporates quality management, utilization, office audits and provider profiling;    

7.4.10 
 Ensure a process is in place to monitor provider credentialing issues during non-re-credentialing years;        

7.4.11 
 Providing training for its providers and maintaining records of such training;        

7.4.12 
 Tracking and trending provider inquiries/complaints/requests for information and taking systemic action as necessary and appropriate;    
      66  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.4.13 
 Ensuring that provider calls are acknowledged within three (3) business days of receipt, are resolved and the result communicated to the provider within thirty (30) business days of receipt (includes referrals from
ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS);        

7.4.14 
 Service accessibility, including monitoring appointment standards, appointment waiting times and service provision standards;        

7.4.15 
 Guidelines to establish reasonable geographic access to service for members;        

7.4.16 
 Collecting information on the cultural and linguistic needs of communities and that the Provider Network adequately addresses identified cultural and linguistic needs; and    

7.4.17 
 Provider capacity by provider type needed to deliver covered services.        

7.5  
  Specialty Service Providers       The Contractor shall:  

7.5.1 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS, which may at any time negotiate or contract on behalf of the Contractor and ADHS/DBHS for specialized hospital and medical services such as transplant services,
 anti-hemophilic  agents and pharmaceutical related services. Existing Contractor resources will be considered in the development and execution of specialty contracts.   

7.5.2 
 Modify its service delivery network to accommodate the provisions of specialty contracts when required by ADHS/DBHS. ADHS/DBHS may waive this requirement in particular situations if such action is determined to be in
the best interest of the state.        

7.5.3 
 Not include in capitation rates development or risk sharing arrangement of any reimbursement exceeding that payable under the relevant AHCCCS specialty contract.    

7.5.4 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS during the term of specialty contracts if ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS acts as an intermediary between the Contractor and specialty Contractors to enhance the cost effectiveness of service
delivery and medical management.        

7.5.5 
 Be responsible for adjudication of claims related to payments provided under specialty contracts. AHCCCS may provide technical assistance prior to the implementation of any specialty contracts.    

7.5.6 
 Be given at least sixty (60) days advance written notice prior to the implementation of any specialty contract.       

7.6  
  Primary Care Provider Standards       For SMI members eligible to receive physical health
care services, the Contractor shall:      

7.6.1 
 Have a sufficient number of PCPs in its Provider Network to meet the requirements of this Contract.       

7.6.2 
 Have Arizona licensed PCPs as allopathic or osteopathic physicians in its Provider Network that generally specialize in family practice, internal medicine, obstetrics, gynecology, or pediatrics; certified
nurse practitioners or certified nurse midwives; or physician s assistants (42 CFR 438.206(b)(2)).        

7.6.3 
 When determining assignments to a PCP:        

7.6.3.1 
 Assess the PCP s ability to meet ADHS/DBHS appointment availability and other standards;    
      67  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.6.3.3 
 Adjust the size of a PCP s panel, as needed, for the PCP to meet ADHS/DBHS appointment and clinical performance standards; and       

7.6.3.4 
 Be informed by ADHS/DBHS when a PCP has a panel of more than 1,800 AHCCCS members to assist in the assessment of the size of its panel.    

7.6.4 
 Monitor PCP assignments so that each member is assigned to an individual PCP and that the Contractor s data regarding PCP assignments is current.    

7.6.5 
 Assign members diagnosed with AIDS or as HIV positive to PCPs that comply with criteria and standards set forth in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

7.6.6 
 Educate and train providers serving EPSDT members to utilize AHCCCS-approved EPSDT Tracking Forms.       

7.6.7 
 Offer members freedom of choice in selecting a PCP within the network (42 CFR 438.6(m)) and 438.52(d). Any American Indian who is enrolled with the Contractor and who is eligible to receive services from a participating
I/T/U provider may elect that I/T/U as his or her primary care provider, if that I/T/U participates in the network as a primary care provider and has capacity to provide the services per ARRA Section 5006(d) and SMD letter 10-001).

7.6.8 
 Members will have a choice of at least two primary care providers, and may request change of primary care provider at least at the times described in (42 CFR 438.56(c). In addition, the Contractor shall offer contracts
to primary and specialist physicians who have established relationships with beneficiaries including specialists who may also serve as PCPs to encourage continuity of provider. For individuals who have an established relationship with a PCP that
does not participate in the Contractor s provider network, the Contractor will provide, at a minimum, a 12-month transition period in which the individual may continue to seek care from their established PCP while the individual, the Contractor
and/or case manager finds an alternative PCP within the Contractor s provider network.        

7.6.9 
 Not restrict PCP choice unless the member has shown an inability to form a relationship with a PCP, as evidenced by frequent changes, or when there is a medically necessary reason.   

7.6.10 
 Inform the member in writing of his or her enrollment and PCP assignment within ten (10) days of the Contractor s receipt of notification of a new member assignment by ADHS/DBHS.    

7.6.10.4 
 Information required in the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Member Information Policy.   
      68  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.6.11 
 Inform the member in writing of any PCP change.        

7.6.12 
 Allow members to make the initial PCP selection and any subsequent PCP changes verbally or in writing.        

7.6.13.1 
 Supervision, coordination and provision of care to each assigned member; except for dental services provided to EPSDT members without a PCP referral;    

7.6.13.2 
 Initiation of referrals for medically necessary specialty care;        

7.6.13.3 
 Maintaining continuity of care for each assigned member;        

7.6.13.4 
 Maintaining the member s medical record, including documentation of all services provided to the member by the PCP, as well as any specialty or referral services;    

7.6.13.6 
 Providing clinical information regarding member s health and medications to the treating provider, including behavioral health providers, within ten (10) business days of a request from the provider;

7.6.13.7 
 In lieu of developing a medical record when behavioral health information is received on a member not yet seen by the PCP, a separate file may be established to hold behavioral health information. The behavioral
health information must be added to the member medical record when the member becomes an established patient; and        

7.6.13.8 
 Enrolling as a Vaccines for Children (VFC) provider for members, age eighteen (18) only.        

7.6.14 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to monitor PCP activities.        

7.6.15 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to notify and provide documentation to PCPs for specialty and referral services available to members by specialty physicians, and other health care professionals.

7.7  
  Maternity Care Provider Standards       For SMI members receiving physical health care
services under this Contract that are pregnant, the Contractor shall:      

7.7.1 
 Designate a maternity care provider for each pregnant member for the duration of her pregnancy and postpartum care to deliver maternity services in conformance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.   

7.7.2 
 Arizona licensed allopathic and/or osteopathic physicians that are Obstetricians or general practice/family practice providers to provide maternity care services in the provider network:    

69  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.7.3 
 Offer pregnant members a choice or be assigned, a PCP that provides obstetrical care consistent with the freedom of choice requirements for selecting health care professionals so as not to compromise the member s
continuity of care.       

7.7.4 
 Allow members anticipated to have a low-risk delivery, the option to elect to receive labor and delivery services in their home from their maternity provider if this setting is included in the allowable settings for the
Contractor, and the Contractor has providers in its network that offer home labor and delivery services.       

7.7.5 
 Allow members anticipated to have a low-risk prenatal course and delivery the option to elect to receive prenatal care, labor and delivery and postpartum care by certified nurse midwives or licensed
midwives.       

7.7.6 
 For members receiving maternity services from a certified nurse midwife or a licensed midwife, assign a PCP to provide other health care and medical services. A certified nurse midwife may provide those primary care
services that he or she is willing to provide and that the member elects to receive from the certified nurse midwife. Members receiving care from a certified nurse midwife may also elect to receive some or all her primary care from the assigned
PCP. Licensed midwives may not provide any additional medical services as primary care that is not within their scope of practice.       

7.7.7 
 Require all physicians and certified nurse midwives who perform deliveries to have OB hospital privileges or a documented hospital coverage agreement for those practitioners performing deliveries in alternate
settings. Licensed midwives perform deliveries only in the member s home. Physicians, certified nurse practitioners and certified nurse midwives within the scope of their practice, may provide labor and delivery services in the
member s home.        

7.7.8 
 A normal newborn may be granted an extended stay in the hospital of birth when the mother s continued stay in the hospital is beyond the 48 or 96 hour stay. However, for payment purposes, inpatient limits will
apply to the extent consistent with EPSDT.        

7.7.9 
 Submit Maternity Care Deliverables in accordance with Exhibit 9.        

7.8  
  Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics       The Contractor shall:  

7.8.1 
 Use Federally Qualified Health Centers (FQHC) and Rural Health Clinics (RHC) and FQHC look-alikes in Arizona to provide covered services. The PPS rate is an all-inclusive per visit rate.    

7.8.2 
 Ensure compliance with the requirement of 42 USC 1396 b (m)(2)(A)(ix) which requires that the Contractor s payments, in aggregate, will not be less than the level and amount of payment which the Contractor would
make for the services if the services were furnished by a provider which is not a FQHC or RHC:        

7.8.3 
 Negotiate rates of payment with FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for non-pharmacy ambulatory services that are comparable to the rates paid to providers that provide similar services for dates of service from October 1,
2014 through March 31, 2015.    
      70  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.8.4 
 Negotiate sub-capitated agreements comparable to the unique PPS rates, to FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for dates of service on and after April 1, 2015.    

7.8.5 
 Be aware that ADHS/DBHS reserves the right to require the Contractor to pay FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes unique, cost based Prospective Payment System (PPS) rates for the majority, but not all, of non-pharmacy
Medicaid covered services or negotiate sub- capitated agreements comparable to the unique PPS rates for PPS eligible services.        

7.8.6 
 For services not eligible for PPS reimbursement, ADHS/DBHS reserves the right to require the Contractor to negotiate rates of payment with FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC look-alikes for non-pharmacy services that are comparable to
the rates paid to providers that provide similar services.       

7.8.7 
 Be aware that ADHS/DBHS reserves the right to review a Contractor s negotiated rates with an FQHC/RHC or FQHC look-alike for reasonableness and to require adjustments when negotiated rates are found to be
substantially less than those being paid to other, non-FQHC/RHC or FQHC look-alike providers for comparable services or not equal to or substantially less than the PPS rates.    

7.8.8 
 For FQHC and FQHC Look-Alike pharmacies, all drugs identified in the 340B Drug Pricing Program are required to be billed at the lesser of: 1) the actual acquisition cost of the drug or 2) the 340B ceiling price. These
drugs shall be reimbursed at the lesser of the two amounts above plus a dispensing fee. See AHCCCS rule R9-22-710 (C) for further details.        

7.8.9 
 Submit member information, if required, for each FQHC/RHC and FQHC look-alike on a quarterly basis as a part of the financial statement reporting package due to ADHS/DBHS thirty (30) days after the quarter or forty (40)
days after September 30th. ADHS/DBHS will perform periodic audits of the member information submitted.        
   The Contractor shall:  

7.9.1 
 Utilize the AHCCCS Fee-for-Service rate for Primary Care Services when contracting with the homeless clinics within the Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona. Contracts must stipulate that:    

7.9.1.1 
 Only those members that request a homeless clinic as a PCP may be assigned to them; and        

7.9.1.2 
 Members assigned to a homeless clinic may be referred out-of-network for needed specialty services.        

7.9.2 
 Make resources available to assist homeless clinics with administrative issues such as obtaining Prior Authorization, and resolving claims issues.    

7.9.3 
 Recognize that ADHS will convene meetings, as necessary, with the Contractor and the homeless clinics to resolve administrative issues and perceived barriers to the homeless members receiving care. Representatives from
the Contractor must attend these meetings.    
      71  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8  
  MEDICAL MANAGEMENT         

8.1  
  General Requirements       For all populations eligible to receive services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.1.1 
 Implement, monitor, evaluate and comply with applicable requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual, Exhibit 7, ADHS/DBHS Bureau of Quality and Integration (BQ I) Specifications Manual, and Exhibit 7,
AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, Chapter 1000.        

8.1.2 
 Develop an annual Medical Management (MM) Plan, evaluation, and work plan that includes:        

8.1.2.1 
 Short- and long-term strategies for improving care coordination using the physical and behavioral health care data available for members with behavioral health needs;    

8.1.2.2 
 Criteria to stratify data to identify high need/high cost members within six months of contract implementation;        

8.1.2.3 
 Strategies on how the Contractor will collaborate with AHCCCS Health Plans and AIHP in their assigned GSA with at-least semi-monthly meeting to identify and jointly manage shared members that would benefit from
intervention and care coordination to improve health outcomes. Contractor shall report every six (6) months to ADHS and AHCCCS regarding criteria to identify members, count of members and outcomes;    

8.1.2.4 
 Proposed interventions to improve health care outcomes, such as developing care management strategies to work with acute care providers to coordinate care;    

8.1.2.5 
 A minimum of one measurable short and long term goal, such as performance indicators, designed to determine the impact of applied interventions such as reduced emergency room visits (all cause, inpatient admissions (all
cause), and readmission rates (all cause);        

8.1.2.6 
 An outcome measurement plan to track the progress of the strategies. The plan outlining the strategies for improving care coordination and the outcome measurement must be reported in the annual Medical
Management/Utilization Management (MM/UM) Plan and Evaluation submitted to ADHS as specified in Exhibit 9; and        

8.1.2.7 
 A summary of the prior authorization requirement changes and the rationale for those changes must be included in the annual MM/UM Plan and Evaluation submission.    

8.1.3 
 Monitor subcontractors  medical management activities for compliance with federal regulations, AHCCCS and ADHS/DBHS requirements, and adherence to Contractor s Medical Management (MM) Plan, evaluation and work
plan.        

8.1.4 
 Review all prior authorization requirements for services, items or medications annually. The review will be reported through the MM Committee and will include the rationale for changes made to prior authorization
requirements.       

8.1.5 
   Establish a Medical and Utilization Management (MM/UM) unit within its organizational structure that is separate
and distinct from any other units or departments such as     
      72  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

Quality Management and shall provide a basis for consistent decisions for utilization management, member education, coverage of services and other areas to which the guidelines apply [42 CFR
438.236(d)].        

8.1.6 
 Establish a MM/UM Committee, Pharmacy and Therapeutics (P T) subcommittee and other subcommittees under the MM/UM Committee.       

8.1.7 
 Require the MM/UM Committee and P T subcommittee to meet at least quarterly and be chaired by the Chief Medical Officer.        

8.1.8 
 Report Medical Management data and management activities through the MM/UM Committee to analyze the data, make recommendations for action, monitor the effectiveness of actions and report these findings to the
Committee.       

8.1.9 
 Provide subcontractors and providers with technical assistance regarding medical management as needed and consider corrective action and sanctions, for subcontractors who consistently fail to meet medical management
objectives, including, at a minimum, compliance with medical management requirements and the submission of complete, timely and accurate utilization or medical management reports and data.    

8.1.10 
 Coordinate and implement any necessary clinical interventions or service plan revisions in the event a particular member is identified as an outlier.    

8.1.11 
 Utilize an Arizona licensed dentist to review complex cases involving dental services or when reviewing or denying dental services.        

8.1.12 
 Have the discretion to utilize a person with expertise in dental claims management for matters related to dental services not covered in Section 8.1.11.    

8.1.13 
 Must proactively provide care coordination for members who have both behavioral health and physical health needs. The Contractor must meet regularly with the Acute Care, DES/DDD and CMDP Contractors to improve and
address coordination of care issues. Meetings shall occur at least every other month or more frequently if needed to develop process, implement interventions, and discuss outcomes. Care coordination meetings and staffings shall occur at
least monthly or more often as necessary to affect change.      The Contractor shall implement and report the following:  

8.1.14 
 Identify High Need/High Cost members for each Acute Care contractor in each RBHA Geographic Service Area, in accordance with the standardized criteria developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup;    

8.1.14.1 
 Members included in the High Need/High Cost Program prior to October 1, 2015 must be included in the ongoing High Need/High Cost Program.    

8.1.15 
 Plan interventions for addressing appropriate and timely care for these identified members; and        

8.1.16 
 Report outcome summaries utilizing the standardized template developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup as specified in Exhibit-9.    

8.1.17 
 High Need/High Cost Program: From October 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Contractor shall collaborate with the Acute Care Contractors to select members for the High Need/High Cost Program and plan interventions
to be effective January 1, 2016. The Contractor is required to include the number of members indicated below, by RBHA Geographic Service Area.    
      73  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.1.18 
 AHCCCS covers medically necessary transplantation services and related immunosuppressant medications in accordance with Federal and State law and regulations. The Contractor shall not make payments for organ transplants
not provided for in the State Plan except as otherwise required pursuant to 42 USC 1396 (d)(r)(5) for persons receiving services under EPSDT. The Contractor must follow the written standards that provide for similarly situated individuals to be
treated alike and for any restriction on facilities or practitioners to be consistent with the accessibility of high quality care to enrollees per Sections (1903(i) and 1903(i)(1)) of the Social Security Act. Refer to the AMPM, Chapter 300,
Exhibit 310-DD and the AHCCCS Reinsurance Manual.        

8.1.19 
 Hospital Holds (Behavioral Health Crisis Facilities):        

8.1.20 
 Review all prior authorization requirements for services, items or medications annually. The review will be reported through the MM Committee and will include the rationale for changes made to prior authorization
requirements. A summary of the prior authorization requirement changes and the rationale for those changes must be included in the annual MM/UM Plan submission. An attestation that the annual review has been completed must be submitted in accordance
with Exhibit 9 of this contract.    
      74  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.2  
  Utilization Data Analysis and Data Management       For all populations eligible for covered
services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.2.1 
 Develop a process to collect, monitor, analyze, evaluate and report utilization data consistent with the ADHS/DBHS BQ I Specifications Manual.    

8.2.2 
 ADHS and AHCCCS will provide the Contractor:        

8.2.2.1 
 Three (3) years of historical Acute Care Program encounter data for members enrolled with the Contractor as of December 1, 2015; and    

8.2.2.2 
 A claims data file of physical health encounters for all General Mental Health, Children s and non-integrated members with serious mental illness enrolled with the Contractor, for purposes of care coordination, on
a recurring basis.        

8.2.3 
 At a minimum, review and analyze the following data elements, interpret the variances, review outcomes and develop and/or approve interventions based on the findings:    

8.2.3.1 
 Under and over utilization of service and cost data;        

8.2.3.2 
 Avoidable hospital admissions and readmission rates and the Average Length of Stay (ALOS) for all psychiatric inpatient facilities for all members receiving behavioral health services;    

8.2.3.3 
 Medical facilities for Medicaid eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services;        

8.2.3.6 
 Emergency Department (ED) utilization and crisis services use;        

8.2.3.7 
 Prior authorization/denial and notices of action;        

8.2.3.9 
 Laboratory and diagnostic utilization; and        

8.2.4 
 Utilize data to assist with identifying members in need of medical management.        

8.2.5 
 Ensure intervention strategies have measurable outcomes and are recorded in the UM/MM Committee meeting minutes.    
      75  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.3  
  Prior Authorization       For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.3.1 
 Identify and communicate to providers and members those services that require authorization and the relevant clinical criteria required for authorization decisions.    

8.3.3 
 Consult with the provider requesting authorization when appropriate.        

8.3.4 
 Specify timeframes for responding to requests for initial and continuous determinations for standard and expedited authorization requests (42 CFR.438.210).    

8.3.5 
 Make decisions based on adopted national standards or a consensus of relevant healthcare professionals.        

8.3.6 
 Monitor members with special health care needs for direct access to care.        

8.3.7 
 Have a process in place for authorization determinations when Contractor is not the primary payor.        

8.3.8 
 Assess, monitor and report quarterly through the MM/UM Committee medical decisions to assure compliance with timeliness and Notice of Action (NOA) intent, and that the decisions comply with all Contractor coverage
criteria. This includes quarterly evaluation of all NOA decisions that are made by a subcontractor.       

8.3.9 
 Ensure medically necessary services are provided in a timely manner through the review of prior authorization requests received for benefit coverage and clinical appropriateness while confirming potential for third-part
coverage.        

8.3.10 
 Comply with Chapter 1000 of the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM), http://www.ahcccs.state.az.us, the ADHS/DBHS MM/UM Plan, and QM/MM/UM Performance Improvement Specifications Manual.    
   
   For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.4.1 
 Develop and implement procedures for review of medical necessity prior to a planned institutional admission.        

8.4.3 
 Specify timeframes and frequency for conducting concurrent review.        

8.4.4 
 Make decisions on coverage based on adopted national standards or a consensus of relevant healthcare professionals.        

8.5  
  Additional Authorization Requirements       For all populations eligible for covered services
under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.5.1 
 Require admission and continued stay authorizations for members in Level I inpatient facilities including Residential Treatment Centers (RTC), Level I sub-acute facilities, Behavioral Health Residential Facilities and
Home Care Training to Home Care Client (HCTC) facilities are conducted by a physician or other qualified health care professional.   
      76  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.5.2 
 Require a health care professional who has appropriate expertise in treating the condition to review and approve any decision that determines the criteria for admission or continued stay is not met prior to issuing a
decision (42 CFR 438.210(b)(3)).        

8.5.3 
 Comply with member notice requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Notice Requirements and Appeal Process for Title XIX and Title XXI Eligible Persons and Notice and Appeal Requirements (SMI and Non-SMI/Non-Title
XIX/XXI).        

8.5.4 
 Require consistent application of standardized review criteria in making authorization decisions on requests for initial and continuing authorizations of services and consult with the requesting provider when
appropriate (42 CFR 438.210(b)(i) and (ii)).        
   For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.6.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures for proactive discharge planning when members have been admitted into inpatient facilities even when the Contractor is not the primary payor.    

8.7  
  Inter- rater Reliability       For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.7.1 
 Develop and implement a process to ensure consistent application of review criteria in making medical necessity decisions which include prior authorization, concurrent review, and retrospective review.

8.7.2 
 Monitor the staff involved in these processes receive inter-rater reliability training and testing within ninety (90) days of hire and annually thereafter.    

8.8  
  Retrospective Review       For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.8.1 
 Develop and implement a process or policy describing services requiring retrospective review.        

8.9  
  Practice Guidelines       For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.9.1 
 Adopt and disseminate to providers, members and potential members upon request, Clinical Practice Guidelines based on reliable clinical evidence or a consensus of health care professionals in the field that consider
member needs; (42 CFR 438.236(c)).       

8.9.2 
 Review Clinical Practice Guidelines annually in the MM/UM Committee and in conjunction with contracted providers to determine if the guidelines remain applicable and reflect the best practice standards. (42 CFR
438.236(b)).    
      77  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.10  
  New Medical Technologies and New Uses of Existing Technologies       For all populations
eligible for covered services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.10.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures for evaluation of new medical technologies and new uses of existing technologies on a case by case basis to allow for individual members  needs to be met.

8.10.2 
 Evaluate peer-reviewed medical literature that includes well designed investigations reproduced by non-affiliated authoritative sources with measurable results and with positive endorsements by national medical bodies
regarding scientific efficacy and rationale.        

8.10.3 
 Obtain ADHS/DBHS approval prior to implementing new technologies and/or new use of existing technologies Comply with the timelines prescribed if the new medical technology is a Prior Authorization request

For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.11.1 
 Comply with all requirements in Sections 5, Care Coordination and Collaboration.        

8.11.2 
 Establish a process to ensure coordination of member care needs across the continuum based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs.    

8.11.3 
 Ensure the provision of appropriate services in acute, home, chronic, and alternative care settings that meet the members  needs in the most cost effective manner available.    

8.11.4 
 Establish a process for timely and confidential communication of clinical information among providers.        

8.11.5 
 Address, document, refer, and/or follow up on each member s health status, changes in health status, health care needs, and health care services provided.    

8.11.6 
 Include the health risk assessment tool in the new member welcome packet.        

8.11.7 
 Meet regularly with the Acute Care, DES/DDD and CMDP Contractors to improve and address coordination of care issues. Meetings shall occur at least every other month or more frequently if needed to develop process,
implement interventions, and discuss outcomes. Care coordination meetings and staffings shall occur at least monthly or more often as necessary to affect change.        

   For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.12.1 
 Develop and implement a program that focuses on members with high risk and/or chronic conditions that include a concerted intervention plan, including interventions targeting chronic behavioral and physical health
conditions such as, but not limited to, depression, bi-polar disorder, schizophrenia, cardiac disease, chronic heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diabetes mellitus and asthma.    

8.12.2 
 Ensure the goal of the program is to employ strategies such as health coaching and wellness to facilitate behavioral change to address underlying health risks and to increase member self-management as well as improve
practice patterns of providers, thereby improving healthcare outcomes for members.        

8.12.3 
 Develop methodologies to evaluate the effectiveness of programs including education specifically related to the identified member s ability to self-manage disease and measurable outcomes.    
      78  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   Care Management is essential to successfully improving
healthcare outcomes for a specifically defined segment of Title XIX eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract. Care Management is designed to cover a wide spectrum of episodic and chronic health care conditions
for members in the top tier of high need/high cost members with an emphasis on proactive health promotion, health education, disease management, and self-management resulting in improved physical and behavioral health outcomes. Care Management is an
administrative function and not a billable service. It is performed by the Contractor s Care Managers. While Care Managers can provide consultation to a member s Treatment Team, they should not perform the day-to-day duties of case
management or service delivery.    The primary goals of the Contractor s Care Management program are as follows:  

8.13.1 
 Identify the top tier of high need/high cost members with serious mental illness in a fully integrated health care program (estimated at twenty per cent (20%));    

8.13.2 
 Effectively transition members from one level of care to another;        

8.13.3 
 Streamline, monitor and adjust members  care plans based on progress and outcomes;        

8.13.4 
 Reduce hospital admissions and unnecessary emergency department and crisis service use; and        

8.13.5 
 Provide members with the proper tools to self-manage care in order to safely live work and integrate into the community.        

8.14  
  Care Management Program-General Requirements       For SMI members receiving physical health
care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.14.1 
 Establish and maintain a Care Management Program (CMP). See Exhibit 1, Definitions for an explanation of  Care Management Program .    

8.14.2 
 Have the following capability for the top tier of high need/ high cost SMI members:        

8.14.2.1 
 On an ongoing basis, utilize tools and strategies to stratify all SMI members into a case registry, which at a minimum, shall include:    

8.14.2.1.1 
 Diagnostic classification methods that assign primary and secondary chronic co-morbid conditions;        

8.14.2.1.2 
 Predictive models that rely on administrative data to identify those members at a high risk for over utilization of behavioral health and physical health services, adverse events, and high costs;    

8.14.2.1.3 
 Incorporation of health risk assessment into predictive modeling in order to tier members into categories of need to design appropriate levels of clinical intervention, especially for those members with the most
potential for improved health-related outcome and more cost effective treatment;    
      79  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.14.2.1.4 
 Criteria for identifying the top tier of high cost, high need members for enrollment into the Care Management Program; and        

8.14.2.1.5 
 Criteria for disenrolling members from the Care Management Program.        

8.14.3 
 Assign and monitor Care Management caseloads based upon national standards and consistent with a member s acuity and complexity of need for Care Management.   

8.14.4 
 Allocate Care Management resources to members consistent with acuity, and evidence-based outcome expectations.       

8.14.5 
 Provide technical assistance to Care Managers including case review, continuous education, training and supervision.        

8.14.6 
 Communicate Care Management activities with all of Contractor s organizational units with emphasis on regular channels of communication with Contractor s Medical Management, Quality Management and Provider
Network departments.        

8.14.7 
 Have Care Managers who, at a minimum, shall be required to complete a comprehensive case analysis review of each member enrolled in Contractor s Care Management Program on a quarterly basis. The case analysis
review shall include, at a minimum:        

8.14.7.3 
 Review of administrative data such as claims/encounters; and        

8.14.8 
 Care Managers shall establish and maintain a Care Management Plan for each member enrolled in Contractor s Care Management Program. The Care Management Plan, at a minimum, shall:    

8.14.8.1 
 Describe the clinical interventions recommended to the treatment team;        

8.14.8.2 
 Identify coordination gaps, strategies to improve care coordination with the member s service providers;        

8.14.8.3 
 Require strategies to monitor referrals and follow-up for specialty care and routine health care services including medication monitoring; and    

8.14.8.4 
 Align with the member s Individual Recovery Plan, but is neither a part of nor a substitute for that Plan.        
   For all populations eligible for covered services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.15.1 
 Develop and implement a process for ongoing review of the prescribing, dispensing, and use of medications to assure efficacious, clinically appropriate, safe, and cost-effective drug therapy to improve health status and
quality of care.    
      80  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.15.2 
 Ensure coverage decisions are based on scientific evidence, standards of practice, peer-reviewed medical literature, outcomes research data, or practice guidelines (42 CFR 438.236(d)).   

8.15.3 
 Perform pattern analyses that evaluate clinical appropriateness, over and underutilization, therapeutic duplications, contraindications, drug interactions, incorrect duration of drug treatment, clinical abuse or misuse,
use of generic products, and mail order medications (42 CFR 438.204(b)(3)).       

8.15.4 
 Provide education to prescribers on drug therapy problems based on utilization patterns with the aim of improving safety, prescribing practices, and therapeutic outcomes.    

8.16  
  Pre-Admission Screening and Resident Review (PASRR) Requirements       The Contractor shall:

8.16.1 
 Administer the PASRR Level II evaluations and meet required time frames for assessment and submission to ADHS/DBHS.        

8.16.2 
 Determine the appropriateness of admitting persons with mental illness to Medicaid-certified nursing facilities, to determine if the level of care provided by the nursing facility is needed and whether specialized
services for persons with mental impairments are required.        

8.16.3 
 Subcontract for these services if necessary, and demonstrate that a licensed physician who is Board-certified or Board-eligible in psychiatry conducts PASRR Level II evaluations in conformance with 42 CFR Part 483,
Subpart C and the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedures Manual Section on Pre-Admission Screening and Resident Review (PASRR).        

8.16.4 
 Submit a PASRR packet that includes an invoice to the ADHS/DBHS.        

8.17  
  Nursing Facility Service Requirements         

8.17.1 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services.       

8.17.2 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services for a member with a pending ALTCS application currently residing in a nursing facility.    

8.17.3 
 Notify ADHS/DBHS when a member has been residing in a nursing facility for forty-five (45) days in accordance with Section 4.7,  Nursing Facility . The Contractor shall notify the ADHS Office of Medical
Management, by Email, when a member has been residing in a nursing facility, alternative residential facility or receiving home and community based services for forty-five (45) days. This will allow ADHS time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS
application and to consider potential fee-for-service coverage, if the stay goes beyond the 90-day per contract year maximum. The notice should be sent via e-mail DBHSMedicalManagement@azdhs.gov. Notifications must include:    

81  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.17.4 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services.       

8.17.5 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services for any enrolled member who has a pending ALTCS application who is currently residing in a nursing facility and is eligible for services provided under this Contract
for forty-five (45) days. This will allow time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS application and to consider potential fee-for-service coverage if the stay goes beyond the ninety (90) day per contract year maximum.    

8.18  
  Medical Management Reporting Requirements         

8.18.1 
 The Contractor shall submit all deliverables related to Medical Management in accordance with Exhibit 9.        

9  
  APPOINTMENT AND REFERRAL REQUIREMENTS         
   For all populations covered under this Contract, the Contractor shall:

9.1.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to actively monitor and track provider compliance with appointment availability standards and timeliness of appointments for members as required in ACOM Policy 417, and
disseminate information regarding appointment standards to members, subcontractors and providers in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Appointment Standards and Timeliness of Services.    

9.1.2 
 Except as otherwise specified in Section 9.2 and in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Appointment Standards and Timeliness of Services, provide appointments to members as follows:    

9.1.2.1 
 Emergency appointments within twenty-four (24) hours of referral, including, at a minimum, the requirement to respond to hospital referrals for Title XIX/XXI members and Non-Title XIX members with SMI;

9.1.2.2 
 Routine appointment for initial assessment within seven (7) days of referral; and        

9.1.2.3 
 Routine appointments for ongoing services within twenty-three (23) days of initial assessment.        

9.1.3 
 Actively monitor and ensure that a member s waiting time for a scheduled appointment is no more than forty-five (45) minutes, except when the provider is unavailable due to an emergency.    

9.1.4 
   For referrals from a PCP or Health Plan Behavioral Health Coordinator for a member to receive a psychiatric
evaluation or medication management, appointments with a behavioral health medical professional, will be provided according to the needs of the     
      82  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

member, and within the appointment standards described above, with appropriate interventions to prevent a member from experiencing a lapse in medically necessary psychotropic medications.

9.1.5 
 Monitor subcontractor compliance with appointment standards and require corrective action when the standards are not met (42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iv), (v) and (vi)).    

9.1.6 
 Require all disputes to be resolved promptly and intervene and resolve disputes regarding the need for emergency or routine appointments between the subcontractor and the referral source that cannot be resolved
informally.        

9.1.7 
 Provide transportation to all Medicaid eligible members for covered services including SMI members receiving physical health care services so that the member arrives no sooner than one (1) hour before the appointment,
and does not have to wait for more than one (1) hour after the conclusion of the appointment for return transportation.        

9.1.8 
 Require that transportation services be pre-arranged for members with recurring and on-going behavioral and physical health care needs, including, but not limited to, dialysis, radiation, chemotherapy, etc.

9.1.9 
 Implement appointment standards of practice as they are identified by ADHS.        

9.1.10 
 Have written policies and procedures about educating its provider network regarding appointment time requirements. The Contractor must develop a corrective action plan (CAP) when appointment standards are not met. In
addition, the Contractor must develop a corrective action plan in conjunction with the provider when appropriate [42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iv), (v) and (vi)]. Appointment standards shall be included in the Provider Manual. The Contractor is
encouraged to include the standards in the provider subcontracts.        

9.1.11 
 Respond to all requests for services and schedule emergency and routine appointments consistent with the appointment standards in this Contract.    

9.1.12 
 On a quarterly basis conduct review of the availability of the providers in sufficient quantity to ensure results are meaningful and representative of the Contractor s network.    

9.1.13 
 For medically necessary non-emergent transportation, schedule transportation so that the member arrives on time for the appointment, but no sooner than one hour before the appointment; nor have to wait more than one (1)
hour after the conclusion of the treatment for transportation home; nor be picked up prior to the completion of treatment. The Contractor must develop and implement a quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards
for all subcontracted transportation vendors/brokers and require corrective action if standards are not met.        

9.2  
  Additional Appointment Requirements for SMI Members       For SMI members eligible to receive
physical health care services, the Contractor shall:      

9.2.1 
 Provide timely access to care in conformance with the appointment standards in Section 9.2.3 below.        

9.2.2 
 Monitor appointment availability utilizing the methodology found in the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Appointment Availability Monitoring and Reporting Policy. For purposes of this Section,  urgent  is
defined as an acute, but not necessarily life-threatening disorder, which, if not attended to, could endanger the member s health. The Contractor shall have procedures in place that ensure the following standards are met.    

9.2.3 
 Establish and implement procedures as indicated by the member s condition not to exceed the following standards:    
      83  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  For Primary Care Appointments:  

9.2.3.1 
 Emergency: same day of request or within twenty-four (24) hours of the member s phone call or other notification;        
     
   For Specialty Care Appointments:  

For Dental Appointments: to SMI members
under age twenty-one (21).      

For Maternity Care appointments for initial
prenatal care for pregnant SMI members:      

9.2.3.13 
 High risk pregnancies: within three (3) days of a maternity care provider s identification of high risk or immediately if an emergency exists.    

9.2.4 
 Utilize the results from appointment standards monitoring to assure adequate appointment availability in order to reduce unnecessary emergency department or crisis services utilization.    

9.2.5 
 Consider utilizing non-emergency facilities to address member non-emergency care issues occurring after regular office hours or on weekends.    

9.2.6 
 Develop and distribute written policies and procedures for network providers regarding appointment time standards and requirements.        

9.2.7 
 Establish processes to monitor and reduce the appointment  no show  rate by provider and service type. As best practices are identified, AHCCCS/ADHS may require implementation by the Contractor.
   
      84  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

9.3  
  Referral Requirements       For all populations covered under this Contract, the Contractor
shall:      

9.3.1 
 Establish written criteria and procedures for accepting and acting upon referrals, including emergency referrals.        

9.3.2 
 Accept and respond to emergency referrals of Title XIX/XXI eligible members and Non-Title XIX members with SMI twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week. Emergency referrals do not require prior authorization.
Emergency referrals include those initiated for Title XIX/XXI eligible and Non-Title XIX with SMI members admitted to a hospital or treated in the emergency room.       

9.3.3 
 Respond within twenty-four (24) hours upon receipt of an emergency referral.        

9.3.4 
 Include in the written criteria the definition of a referral as any oral, written, faxed or electronic request for services made by the member or member s legal guardian, family member, an AHCCCS acute Contractor,
PCP, hospital, court, Tribe, IHS, school, or other state or community agency.        

9.3.5 
 Record, track and trend all referrals, including the date of the scheduled appointment, the date of the referral for services, date and location of initial scheduled appointment, final disposition of referral, and the
reason why the member declined the offered appointment.        

9.3.6 
 Have a process to refer any member who requests information or is about to lose AHCCCS eligibility or other benefits to options for low-cost or no-cost health care services.    

9.3.7 
 Ensure that training and education are available to PCPs regarding behavioral health referrals and consultation procedures.        

9.4  
  Disposition of Referrals       For all populations covered under this Contract the Contractor
shall, when appropriate:      

9.4.1 
 Communicate the final disposition of each referral from PCPs, AHCCCS Health Plans, Department of Education/School Districts and state social service agencies to the referral source and Health Plan Behavioral Health
Coordinator within thirty (30) days of the member receiving an initial assessment. If a member declines behavioral health services, the final disposition must be communicated to the referral source and health plan behavioral health coordinator
within thirty (30) days of the referral, when applicable. The final disposition shall include, at a minimum:        

9.4.1.1 
 The date the member received an initial assessment;        

9.4.1.2 
 The name and contact information of the provider accepting primary responsibility for the member s behavioral health care; or        

9.4.1.3 
 Indicate that a follow-up to the referral was conducted but no services were delivered and the reason why no services were delivered including members who failed to present for an appointment.   

9.4.2 
 Document the reason for non-delivery of services to demonstrate that the Contractor or provider either attempted to contact the member on at least three (3) occasions and was unable to locate the member or contacted the
member and the member declined services.        
   For all populations covered under this Contract, the Contractor
shall:      

9.5.1 
 Distribute provider directories and any available periodic updates to AHCCCS Health Plans for distribution to the PCPs, if a Contractor does not maintain a centralized referral and intake system as the sole mechanism
for receiving behavioral health referrals.    
      85  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

9.6  
  Referral for a Second Opinion       For all populations covered under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

9.6.1 
 Upon a member s request, provide for a second opinion from a qualified health care professional within the network, or arrange for a member to obtain one outside the network at no cost to the member (42 CFR
438.206(b)(3)). For purposes of this paragraph, a qualified health care professional is a provider who meets the qualifications to be an AHCCCS registered provider of covered health care services, and who is a physician, a physician
assistant, a nurse practitioner, a psychologist, or an independent Master s level therapist.        

9.7  
  Additional Referral Requirements for SMI Members       For SMI members receiving physical
health care services, the Contractor shall:      

9.7.1 
 Establish and implement written procedures for referrals to specialists or other services, to include, at a minimum, the following:        

9.7.1.1 
 Use of referral forms clearly identifying the Contractor;        

9.7.1.2 
 Referrals to specialty physician services shall be from a PCP, except as follows:        

9.7.1.2.1 
 Women shall have direct access to in-network OB/GYN providers, including physicians, physician assistants and nurse practitioners within the scope of their practice, without a referral for preventive and routine
services (42 CFR 438.206(b)(2)).        

9.7.1.3 
 SMI members that need a specialized course of treatment or regular care monitoring shall have a mechanism for direct access to a specialist (for example through a standing referral or an approved number of visits) as
appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs. Any waiver of this requirement by the Contractor must be approved in advance by ADHS/DBHS. Specialty physicians shall not begin a course of treatment for a medical condition
other than that for which the member was referred, unless approved by the member s PCP.        

9.7.1.4 
 A process for the member s PCP to receive all specialist and consulting reports and a process for the PCP to follow-up on all referrals including CRS, Dental and EPSDT referrals for behavioral health services.

9.7.2 
 Comply with all applicable physician referral requirements and conditions defined in Sections 1903(s) and 1877 of the Social Security Act and corresponding regulations which include, but are not limited to, 42 CFR Part
411, Part 424, Part 435 and Part 455. Sections 1903(s) and 1877 of the Act prohibits physicians from making referrals for designated health services to health care entities with which the physician or a member of the physician s family has
a financial relationship. Designated health services include, at a minimum:        
 
      86  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

9.7.2.7 
 Parenteral and enteral nutrients, equipment and supplies,        

9.7.2.8 
 Prosthetics, orthotics and prosthetic devices and supplies,        

9.7.3 
 Have a process for referral to Medicare Managed Care Plan.        
     
   The Contractor shall:  

10.1.1 
 Employ in sufficient number qualified staff with experience in both physical and behavioral health to carry out the Quality Management program requirements.    

10.1.2 
 Implement, monitor, evaluate and comply with applicable requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual, the ADHS/DBHS Bureau of Quality and Integration (BQ I) Specifications Manual and the AHCCCS Medical
Policy Manual, Chapter 900.        

10.1.3 
 Provide quality care and services to eligible members, regardless of payer source or eligibility category.        

10.1.4 
 Establish a Quality Management/Quality Improvement unit within its organizational structure that is separate and distinct from any other units or departments such as Medical Management and Case Management.

10.1.5 
 Establish a Quality Management (QM) Committee, Children QM and Peer Review committees and other subcommittees under QM Committee as required.    

10.1.6 
 Require its QM Committee, Peer Review Committee, and subcommittees to meet at least quarterly and be chaired by the local Chief Medical Officer.    

10.1.7 
 Execute processes to assess, plan, implement and evaluate quality management and performance improvement activities related to services provided to members in conformance with the ADHS Policy and Procedure Manual and
the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (42 CFR 438.240(a)(1) and (e)(2) and 42 CFR 42 447.26)).    
      87  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.1.8 
 Integrate quality management processes in all areas of Contractor s organization, with ultimate responsibility for quality management/quality improvement residing within the QM unit.    

10.1.9 
 Demonstrate improvement in the quality of care provided to members through established quality management and performance improvement processes.    

10.1.10 
 Identify Quality of Care (QOC) issues throughout behavioral health system and report to ADHS/DBHS QM area for investigation.        

10.1.11 
 Federal Regulation prohibits payment for Provider-Preventable Conditions that meet the definition of a Health Care-Acquired Condition (HCAC) or an Other Provider  Preventable Condition (OPPC) and that meet the
following criteria:     Is identified in the State plan at: http://www.azahcccs.gov/reporting/PoliciesPlans/stateplan.aspx)

10.1.12 
 Has been found by the State, based upon a review of medical literature by qualified professionals, to be reasonably preventable through the application of procedures supported by evidence-based guidelines,

10.1.17 
 Regularly disseminate subcontractor and provider quality improvement information including performance measures, dashboard indicators and member outcomes to ADHS/DBHS and key stakeholders, including members and family
members.        

10.1.18 
 Develop and maintain mechanisms to solicit feedback and recommendations from key stakeholders, subcontractors, members, and family members to monitor service quality and develop strategies to improve member outcomes and
quality improvement activities related to the quality of care and system performance.        

10.1.19 
 Participate in community initiatives including applicable activities of the Medicare Quality Improvement Organization (QIO).        

10.1.20 
 Maintain the confidentiality of a member s medical record in conformance with Section 18.10, Medical Records and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual..    

10.1.21 
 Comply with requirements to assure member rights and responsibilities in conformance with the ADHS Policy and Procedure Manual Sections on Title XIX/XXI Notice and Appeal Requirements; Special Assistance for
Persons Determined to have a Serious Mental Illness; Notice and Appeal Requirements (SMI and NON-SMI/NON-TITLE XIX/XXI); Member Grievance Resolution; and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Notice Requirements and Appeal Process for Title XIX and Title XXI
Eligible Persons and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (42 CFR 438.100(a)(2)); and comply with any other applicable federal and State laws (such as Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, etc.) including other laws regarding privacy and
confidentiality (42 CFR 438.100(d)).    
      88  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.1.22 
 Have an ongoing quality management program for the provision of services to members that include the requirements listed in AMPM Chapter 400, 900 and the following:    

10.1.22.1 
 A written annual Quality Management and Performance Improvement (QM/PI) plan, work plan, and evaluation of the previous year s QM/PI program;    

10.1.22.2 
 Quality Management Quarterly reports that address strategies for performance improvement;        

10.1.22.3 
 QM/PI Program monitoring and evaluation activities that includes Peer Review and Quality Management Committees chaired by the Contractor s Chief Medical Officer;    

10.1.22.4 
 Protection of medical records and any other personal health and enrollment information that identifies a particular member or subset of members in accordance with Federal and State privacy requirements;

10.1.22.6 
 Uniform provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credential verification [42 CFR 438.206(b)(6)] and the AHCCCS Medical policy Manual;   

10.1.22.7 
 Documentation of implemented corrective action plan(s) (CAP) or action(s) taken to resolve the concern;        

10.1.22.9 
 Mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs; and        

10.1.22.10 
 Performance improvement programs including performance measures and performance improvement projects.        

10.1.23 
 Ensure that its quality management program incorporates monitoring of the PCP s management of behavioral health disorders, coordination of care with, and transfer of care to behavioral health providers as required.

10.1.24 
 Actively participate in ADHS/DBHS Quarterly RBHA QM Coordinators Meeting.        

10.1.25 
 Require that all QM/QI positions performing work functions related to the Contract must have a direct reporting relationship to the local Chief Medical Officer (CMO) and the Chief Corporate Officer (CEO). The CMO
and CEO shall have the ability to direct, implement and prioritize interventions resulting from quality management and quality improvement activities and investigations. Contractor staff, including administrative services subcontractors 
staff, that perform functions under this Contract related to QM and QI shall have the work directed and prioritized by the Contractor s CEO and CMO.        

10.1.26 
 Require its QM Committee to proactively and regularly review member grievance, SMI grievance and appeal data to identify outlier members who have filed multiple complaints, grievances or appeals regarding services
or against the Contractor or who contact governmental entities for assistance, including ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS for the purposes of assigning a care coordinator to assist the member in navigating the health care system.    
      89  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.1.27 
 Assure that all staff members having contact with members or providers receive initial and ongoing training with regard to the appropriate identification and handling of quality of care/service concerns to the Quality
Management area.       

10.1.28 
 Develop and implement guidelines to determine the cause of Provider-Preventable condition including Health Care Acquired Condition (HCAC) or Other Provider-Provider Condition (OPPC).    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

10.2.1 
 Conduct provider credentialing and review and make a network determination through the Contractor s Credentialing Committee, chaired by the Contractor s local Medical Director (42 CFR 438.214) and the AHCCCS
Medical Policy Manual.        

10.2.2 
 Comply with uniform provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credential verification as follows:    

10.2.2.1 
 Document provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credential verification of providers who have signed contracts or participation agreements with the Contractor (42 CFR
438.206(b)(1-2));        

10.2.2.2 
 Not discriminate against particular providers that serve high-need populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment; and    

10.2.3 
 Utilize the established centralized Credential Verification Organization (CVO) through the Arizona Association of Health Plans as part of its credentialing and re-credentialing process in order to support the effort to
ease the administrative burden for providers that contract with Medicaid contractors.        

10.2.4 
 Comply with initial and re-credentialing timelines for providers that submit their credentialing data and forms to the centralized CVO.    

10.2.5 
 Create a process in accordance with the Contractor s credentialing/recredentialing policy of providers and organizations that monitors, at a minimum on an annual basis, occurrences which may jeopardize the validity
of the credentialing process.        

10.3  
  Incident, Accident and Death Reports       The Contractor shall:  

10.3.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that require individual and organizational providers to report to the Contractor, the Regulator and other appropriate authorities incident, accident and death (IAD) reports,
to include abuse, neglect, injury, exploitation, alleged human rights violation, and death, in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual Section 6, chapter 1700 under   Reporting Requirements; Policy 1703 Reporting   of 
 Incidents, Accidents and Deaths   and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.        

10.3.2 
 Incident, accident and death (IAD) reports must be submitted in accordance with requirements established by ADHS.    
      90  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.4  
  Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations       The Contractor shall:  

10.4.2 
 Establish mechanisms to track and trend quality of care and quality of service allegations.        

10.4.3 
 Develop a process that requires the provider to report incidents of healthcare acquired conditions, abuse neglect, exploitation, injuries, high profile cases and unexpected death to the Contractor.    

10.4.4 
 Develop a process to report incidents of healthcare acquired conditions, abuse, neglect, exploitation, injuries, high profile cases and unexpected death to ADHS/DBHS Quality Management.    

10.4.5 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that analyze quality of care issues through identifying the issue, initial assessment of the severity of the issue, and prioritization of action(s) needed to resolve
immediate care needs when appropriate.        

10.4.6 
 Establish a process to ensure that staff, having contact with members or providers, are trained on how to refer suspected quality of care issues to quality management. This training must be provided during new
employee orientation and annually thereafter.        

10.4.7 
 Track and trend member and provider issues including quality of care and quality of service, and investigate and analyze QOC issues, abuse, neglect, exploitation, high profile, human rights violations and unexpected
deaths and include the following:        

10.4.7.1 
 Acknowledgement letter to the originator of the concern;        

10.4.7.2 
 Documentation of each step in the investigation and resolution process;        

10.4.7.3 
 Follow-up with the member to assist in meeting immediate health care needs; and        

10.4.7.4 
 Closure or resolution letter to the member with sufficient detail to describe:        

10.4.7.4.2 
 Any responsibilities for the member to make sure covered, medically necessary care needs are met,        

10.4.7.4.3 
 Contact name and telephone number to call for assistance or to express any unresolved concerns,        

10.4.7.4.4 
 Documentation of any implemented corrective action plan or action taken to resolve the concern, and        

10.4.8 
 Conduct a quality of care investigation and report the HCAC or OPPC occurrence and results of the investigation to ADHS/DBHS Quality Management.    
      91  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

10.5.1 
 Complete descriptions of the AHCCCS clinical quality Performance Measures and links to the CMS and the measure host sites can be found on the AHCCCS web site. Note that the performance measure titled  EPSDT
Participation  is based on the methodology established in CMS  Form 416  which can be found on the AHCCCS web site or the CMS web site at: http://www.azahcccs.gov/reporting/quality/performancemeasures.aspx.    

10.5.2 
 Implement Performance improvement programs including performance measures and performance improvement projects based upon data analysis and trending, and/or as directed by ADHS/DBHS (42 CFR 438.240(a)(2)).

10.5.3 
 Design a quality management program to achieve, through ongoing measurements and intervention, significant improvement, sustained over time, in the areas of clinical care and non-clinical care that are expected to have
a favorable effect on health outcomes and member satisfaction (42 CFR 438.240(a)(2), (b)(2) and (c)).        

10.5.5 
 Comply with national performance measures and levels identified and developed by the CMS or those that are developed in consultation with AHCCCS and/or other relevant stakeholders, and established or adopted by AHCCCS,
and any resulting changes when current established performance measures are finalized and implemented (42 CFR 438.24(c)).        

10.5.6 
 Ensure that performance measures are analyzed and reported separately, by line of business Acute, DDD, (Acute and SMI populations, DDD and CMDP), In addition, Contractors should evaluate performance based on
sub-categories of populations when requested to do such.        

10.5.7 
 Collect and provide data from medical records with supporting documentation, as instructed by ADHS/DBHS, for each hybrid measure as requested. Copies of the chart records shall be available as requested and for
validation purposes.        

10.5.8 
 Comply with recognized sampling guidelines, which may be affected by the Contractor s previous rate on the same performance measure.    

10.5.9 
 Comply with and implement the hybrid methodology with the following measures and as indicated in the Performance Measure methodologies posted on the AHCCCS website:    

10.5.9.3 
 Timeliness of Prenatal Care visit in the first trimester or within 42 days of enrollment; and        

10.5.10 
 Comply with and implement a hybrid methodology for collecting and reporting additional measures in future contract years using a hybrid methodology for collecting and reporting Performance Measure rates, as allowed in
standardized methodologies.    
      92  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.5.11 
 Implement a process for internal monitoring of Performance Measure rates, using a standard methodology established or approved by ADHS/DBHS, for each required Performance Measure. AHCCCS-reported rates are the official
rates utilized for determination of Contractor compliance with performance requirements. Contractor calculated and/or reported rates will be used strictly for monitoring Contractor actions and not be used for official reporting or for consideration
in corrective action purposes.        

10.5.12 
 Meet and sustain specified Minimum Performance Standards (MPS) in the table below for each population/eligibility category according to the following [42 CFR 438.240(a)(2), (b)(2) and (c)]:    

10.5.12.1 
 Minimum Performance Standard: A Minimum Performance Standard is the minimal expected level of performance by the Contractor. If a Contractor does not achieve this standard, the Contractor will be required to submit
a corrective action plan and may be subject to a sanction of up to $100,000 dollars for each deficient measure;        

10.5.13 
 A Contractor must show demonstrable and sustained improvement toward meeting AHCCCS/ADHS Performance Standards. AHCCCS/ADHS may impose sanctions on Contractors that do not show statistically significant improvement in a
measure rate as calculated by AHCCCS/ADHS. Sanctions may also be imposed for statistically significant declines of rates even if they meet or exceed the MPS, for any rate that does not meet the AHCCCS/ADHS MPS, or a rate that has a significant
impact to the aggregate rate for the State. AHCCCS/ADHS may require the Contractor to demonstrate that they are allocating increased administrative resources to improving rates for a particular measure or service area. AHCCCS/ADHS also may
require a corrective action plan for measures that are below the MPS or that show a statistically significant decrease in its rate even if it meets or exceeds the MPS. AHCCCS/ADHS may require the Contractor to conduct an Administrative Review Chart
Audit for validation of any performance measure that falls below the minimum performance standard. The Contractor must meet, and ensure that each subcontractor meets, AHCCCS/ADHS Minimum Performance Standards. [42 CFR 438.240(b)(1), (2),
and (d)(1)].      Contractor Minimum Performance (MPS) Standards and Goals  

Performance Measures for Members Receiving Physical Health Care
Services   

Performance Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard  

Goal  

Inpatient Utilization (behavioral health-related primary diagnosis)  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Emergency Department (ED) Utilization (behavioral health-related primary diagnosis)  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Hospital Readmissions (behavioral health-related primary diagnosis) (within 30 days of
discharge)  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Follow-Up After Hospitalization (within 7 days) (behavioral health-related primary
diagnosis)  

50 
 %  

80 
 %   
 
   Follow-Up After Hospitalization (within 30 days) (behavioral health-related primary
diagnosis)  

70 
 %  

90 
 %    
      93  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

Performance Measures for Members Receiving Physical Health Care
Services   

Performance Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard  

Goal  

Adults  Access to Preventive/Ambulatory Health Services  

75 
 %  

90 
 %   
 
   Access to Behavioral Health Provider -(encounter for a visit) within 7 days  

75 
 %  

85 
 %   
 
   Access to Behavioral Health Provider- (encounter for a visit) within 23 days  

90 
 %  

95 
 %   
 
   Breast Cancer Screening  

50 
 %  

60 
 %   

Cervical Cancer Screening: Women Age 21-64 with a Cervical Cytology performed every three (3)
yrs.  

64 
 %  

70 
 %   

Cervical Cancer Screening: Women Age 30-64 with a Cervical Cytology/ HPV Co-testing performed
every five (5) yrs.  

64 
 %  

70 
 %   
 
   Chlamydia Screening in Women Age 21-24  

63 
 %  

70 
 %   
 
   Comprehensive Diabetes Management:  

HbA1c Testing  

77 
 %  

89 
 %   
 
   HbA1c Poor Control ( 9.0%)  

*TBD 

LDL-C Screening  

70 
 %  

91 
 %   
 
     Eye Exam  

49 
 %  

68 
 %   
 
   Diabetes, Short Term Complications  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Adult Asthma Hospital Admission Rate  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Use of Appropriate Medications for People with Asthma  

86 
 %  

93 
 %   
 
   Flu Shots for Adults:  

Ages 18-64  

75 
 %  

90 
 %   
 
     Ages 65+  

75 
 %  

90 
 %   
 
   Annual Monitoring for Patients on Persistent Medications (combined rate)  

75 
 %  

80 
 %   
 
   Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Hospital Admission Rate  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Asthma in Younger Adults Admissions*  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Congestive Heart Failure (CHF) Hospital Admission Rate  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Timeliness of Prenatal Care; Prenatal Care visit in the first trimester or within 42 days of
enrollment  

80 
 %  

90 
 %   
 
   Prenatal and Postpartum Care Postpartum Care Rate (second component to CHIPRA core measure
 Timeliness of Prenatal Care)  

64 
 %  

90 
 %   
 
   EPSDT Participation (18-21 year olds)  

68 
 %  

80 
 %    
      94  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

Performance Measures for Members Receiving Behavioral Health
Services   

Performance Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard  

Goal  

Inpatient Utilization (behavioral health-related primary diagnosis)  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Emergency Department (ED) Utilization (behavioral health-related primary diagnosis)  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Ambulatory Care - Emergency Department (ED) Visits*  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Hospital Readmissions within 30 days of discharge (behavioral health-related primary
diagnosis)  

*TBD 

*TBD 

Follow-Up After Hospitalization (within 7 days) (behavioral health-related primary
diagnosis)  

50 
 %  

*TBD 

Follow-Up After Hospitalization (within 30 days) (behavioral health-related primary
diagnosis)  

70 
 %  

90 
 %   

Access to Behavioral Health Provider within 7 days  

75 
 %  

*TBD 

Access to Behavioral Health Provider within 23 days  

90 
 %  

*TBD 

* For each of the benchmarks above identified as TBD, the Contractor is responsible for
establishing their own.  

N/A 

N/A 

Notes: (*) AHCCCS/ADHS will develop Minimum Performance Standards and Goals once baseline data has
been analyzed for these measures.  

N/A 

N/A 

10.5.14 
 Be subject to a financial sanction when performance measure results do not show statistically significant improvement in a measure rate including in those instances when a performance measure shows a statistically
significant decrease in its rate, even if it meets or exceeds the Minimum Performance Standard. This sanction may include the Contractor to demonstrate an increase in allocation for administrative resources to improve rates for a particular
measure or service area.        

10.5.15 
 Implement an evidence based corrective action plan (CAP) that outlines the problem, planned actions for improvement, responsible staff and associated timelines as well as a place holder for evaluation of activities as
directed by ADHS/DBHS that meets the following criteria:        
 
      95  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.5.15.3 
 Verifies compliance with a corrective action plan (CAP) with one (1) or more follow up on-site reviews.        

10.5.16 
 Have its performance evaluated quarterly and annually.        

10.5.17 
 Have its compliance with performance measures validated by the ADHS/ AHCCCS and/or an External Quality Review Organization (EQRO).        

10.5.18 
 Take affirmative steps to increase EPSDT participation rates as measured utilizing methodologies developed by CMS, including the EPSDT Dental Participation Rate.    

10.5.20 
 The Contractor must participate in the delivery and/or results review of member surveys as requested by AHCCCS/ADHS. Surveys may include Home and Community Based Member Experience surveys, HEDIS Experience of Care
(Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems CAHPS) surveys, and/or any other tool that AHCCCS determines will benefit quality improvement efforts. While not included as an official performance measure, survey findings or
performance rates for survey questions may result in the Contractor being required to develop a Corrective Action Plan (CAP) to improve any areas of concern noted by AHCCCS/ADHS. Failure to effectively develop or implement AHCCCS-approved CAPs and
drive improvement may result in additional regulatory action.        

10.6  
  Performance Improvement Projects         

10.6.1 
 Implement an ongoing program of performance improvement projects (PIP) that focus on clinical and non-clinical areas as specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual and that involve the following:    

10.6.1.1 
 Measurement of performance using objective quality indicators;        

10.6.1.2 
 Implementation of system interventions to achieve improvement in quality;        

10.6.1.3 
 Evaluation of the effectiveness of the interventions; and        

10.6.2 
 Comply with PIPs mandated by ADHS/DBHS, and also self-select additional projects based on opportunities for improvement identified by internal data and information, tracking and trending.    
      96  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.6.3 
 Report the status and results of each project to ADHS/DBHS as requested using the PIP Reporting Template included in the Specifications Manual.    

10.6.4 
 Complete each PIP in a reasonable time period or as specified by ADHS in order to use the information on the success of performance improvement projects in the aggregate to produce new information on quality of care
each year (42 CFR 438.240(d)(2)).        
   The Contractor shall:  

10.7.1 
 Submit data for standardized Performance Measures and Performance Improvement Projects as required by the ADHS/DBHS within specified timelines and according to procedures for collecting and reporting the data in
conformance with Section 10.1.2.        

10.7.2 
 Submit data that is valid, reliable and collected using qualified staff and in the format and according to instructions from ADHS/DBHS by the due date specified.    

10.7.3 
 Ensure that data collected by multiple parties/people for Performance Measures and/or PIP reporting is comparable and that an inter-rater reliability process was used to ensure consistent data collection.

10.7.4 
 Subject to approval by ADHS/DBHS, request an extension for additional time to collect and report data in writing in advance of the initial due date and is subject to approval by ADHS/DBHS.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

10.8.1 
 Implement the annual Member Satisfaction Survey in conjunction with subcontractors when necessary in accordance with Statewide Consumer Survey protocol and report results to ADHS/DBHS when requested (42 CFR 438.6(h)).

10.8.2 
 Use findings from the Member Satisfaction Survey in designing quality improvement activities to improve care for members.        

10.8.3 
 Participate in additional surveys in conformance with Section 19.3, Surveys, including surveys mandated by AHCCCS.        

10.8.4 
 Perform surveys at ADHS and AHCCCS  request. ADHS may provide the survey tool or require the Contractor to develop the survey tool which shall be approved in advance by ADHS and AHCCCS.    

10.8.5 
 ADHS and AHCCCS may conduct surveys of a representative sample of the Contractor s membership and providers. The results of the surveys will become public information and available to all interested parties on the
ADHS and/or AHCCCS website. The Contractor may be required to participate in workgroups and efforts that are initiated as a result of the survey results.        
   The Contractor shall:  

10.9.1 
 Develop and submit a subcontractor performance monitoring plan as a component of annual QM plan, to include the following quality management functions:    

97  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

10.9.1.2 
 Incident, accident, death (IAD) report timely completion and submission;        

10.9.1.6 
 Temporary, provisional, initial and re-credentialing processes and requirements.        

10.9.2 
 Conduct an annual Administrative Review audit of subcontracted provider services and service sites, and assess each provider s performance on satisfying established quality management and performance measures
standards.        

10.9.3 
 Develop and implement a corrective action plan utilizing the ADHS/DBHS QM corrective action plan (CAP) Template when provider monitoring activities reveal poor performance as follows:    

10.9.3.1 
 When performance falls below the minimum performance level; or        

10.9.3.2 
 Shows a statistically significant decline from previous period performance.        
   Centers of Excellence are facilities that are recognized as
providing the highest levels of leadership, quality, and service. Centers of Excellence align physicians and other providers to achieve higher value through greater focus on appropriateness of care, clinical excellence, and patient satisfaction.
Designation as a Center of Excellence is based on criteria such as procedure volumes, clinical outcomes, and treatment planning and coordination. To encourage Contractor activity which incentivizes utilization of the best value providers for select,
evidenced based, high volume procedures or conditions, the Contractor shall submit a Centers of Excellence Report to ADHS/DBHS as specified in Exhibit 9, outlining the Contractor s approach to developing at least two (2) Centers of Excellence
for at least two (2) different procedures or conditions.      

10.10.1.1 
 Identify why the selected procedures or conditions were chosen,        

10.10.1.2 
 Outline how the Contractor will identify and select providers with the highest quality outcomes,        

10.10.1.3 
 Provide a high-level summary of potential contracting approaches,        

10.10.1.4 
 Identify how the Contractor plans to drive utilization to the Centers of Excellence, and        

10.10.1.5 
 Identify any barriers or challenges with the development of such Centers of Excellence.        

10.11  
  Quality Management Reporting Requirements         

10.11.1 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to Quality Management in accordance with Exhibit 9.    
      98  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

11.1.1 
 Be accessible by phone during normal business hours and require subcontracted providers to be accessible by phone for general member information during normal business hours.    

11.1.2 
 Establish and maintain one toll-free phone number with options for a caller to connect to appropriate services and departments and inform members of its existence and availability. (42 CFR 438.10(b)(3)). At a minimum,
when appropriate, members calling the toll-free number should be connected to the following:        

11.1.2.1 
 Nurse On Call consultations for SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract; and        

11.1.2.2 
 Free resources for members or potential members to obtain information about accessing services, using a grievance system process or any other information related to covered services or the health care service delivery
system (42 CFR 438.10(c)(4) and 438.10(c)(5)(i) and (ii)).        

11.1.3 
 Require vital materials to be provided to members. See Exhibit 1, Definitions,  Vital Materials , for an explanation.       

11.1.4 
 Provide Title XIX/XXI members with written notice in conformance with Section 18.21, Material Change in Operation.        

11.1.5 
 Require all information that is prepared for distribution to members and potential members to be written using an easily understood language and format, and in conformance with the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual
Member Information Policy using a font, type, style, and size which can be easily read by members with varying degrees of visual impairment or limited reading proficiency (42 CFR 438.10(d)(l)(i)).    

11.1.6 
 Notify members and potential members of the availability and method for access to materials in alternative formats and provide such materials to accommodate members with special needs, for example, members or potential
members who are visually impaired or have limited reading proficiency (42 CFR 438.10(d)(1)(i) and (ii); 42 CFR 438.10(d)(2)).        

11.1.7 
 Comply with all translation requirements for all member informational materials in Section 12.3 Translation Services.        

11.1.8 
 Notify members that oral interpretation and language assistance services including services for the hearing impaired are available in conformance with Section 12.1.4, Cultural Competency (42 CFR 438.10(c)(5)(i)).

11.1.9 
 Provide each member that receives an initial covered service with a  Provider Directory  that includes, at a minimum, primary care, specialty hospitals and pharmacy providers; telephone numbers; and
non-English languages spoken by providers.        

11.1.10 
 Upon request, assist ADHS/DBHS in the dissemination of information prepared by ADHS/DBHS, AHCCCS, or other governmental agency, to its members and pay for the cost to disseminate and communicate information.

11.1.11 
 Make available easy access of information by members, family members, providers, stakeholders, and the general public in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).    

11.1.12 
 Comply with ADHS/DBHS policy or policies for communications, marketing, outreach, websites and social media and monitor subcontractor compliance with the policies.    
      99  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

11.2.1 
 Print and distribute Member Handbooks in conformance with the Contractor s established procedures and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on the Member Handbook; (42 CFR 438.10(f)).    

11.2.2 
 Submit the Contractor s Member Handbook to ADHS/DBHS for approval within thirty (30) days of receiving the ADHS/DBHS Template, unless otherwise specified.    

11.2.3 
 Provide the Contractor s Member Handbook to each member as follows:        

11.2.3.1 
 For Non-Title XIX/XXI members or Title XIX/XXI members enrolled with an AHCCCS Health Plan, within twelve (12) business days of the member receiving the initial behavioral health covered service; and    

11.2.3.2 
 For SMI members receiving physical health care services from Contractor, within twelve (12) business days of receipt of notification of the date of the initial covered service (42 CFR 438.10(f)(3)).    

11.2.4 
 Require network providers to have Contractor s Member Handbooks available and easily accessible to members at all provider locations.    

11.2.5 
 Provide, upon request, a copy of the Contractor s Member Handbook to known peer and family advocacy organizations and other human service organizations in within the Contractor s assigned geographical service
area.        

11.2.6 
 Review the Contractor s Member Handbook, at least annually, and revise the handbook with the updated ADHS/DBHS Member Handbook Template, when applicable, to accurately reflect current Contractor specific policies,
procedures and practices.        

11.2.7 
 Include, at a minimum, in the Contractor s Member Handbook the information contained in the ADHS/DBHS Member Handbook Template.    

11.2.8 
 For SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract, comply with Section 11.2.7 and include within a designated Section in the Member Handbook the Acute Member Handbook Requirements in Attachment
C contained in the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Member Information Policy.        

11.2.9 
 Inform members of the right to request an updated Member Handbook at no cost on an annual basis in a separate written communication or as part of other written communication, such as in a member newsletter.

11.2.10 
 Include information in the Member Handbook and other printed documents to educate members about the availability and accessibility of covered services and that behavioral health conditions may be treated by the
member s primary care physician (PCP) which includes anxiety, depression and ADHD.        
 
      100  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

11.3.1 
 Develop and distribute, at a minimum, two (2) member newsletters during the Contract year.        

11.3.2 
 At least annually, include the following information in the newsletter that is culturally sensitive, appropriate and relevant:       

11.3.2.1 
 Educational information on chronic illnesses and ways to self-manage care, including but not limited to including information from the ADHS/DBHS Quarterly Health Initiatives;    

11.3.2.2 
 Reminders of flu shots and other illness prevention measures and screenings at appropriate times;        

11.3.2.4 
 Tobacco cessation information and referral to the Arizona Smoker s Helpline (ASH Line);        

11.3.2.6 
 Information on the availability of community resources applicable to the population in the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    

11.3.2.7 
 Updates to Contractor s Programs or Business Operations and other information as required by ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS;        

11.3.2.8 
 Information on Contractor s efforts to integrate behavioral and physical health care services and to improve overall member outcomes;    

11.3.2.9 
 The importance of and opportunities to participate in primary and preventive care;        

For all populations eligible for services under this
Contract, the Contractor shall:      

11.4.1 
 Conduct marketing activities toward enrolled and eligible members in accordance with ACOM Policy 101.        

11.4.2 
 Conduct marketing activities toward the general public, defined as activities developing and integrating marketing concepts to influence behaviors that benefit individuals and communities for the greater social good in
accordance with ADHS/DBHS policies and procedures.        

11.4.3 
 Develop and implement a data driven outreach, marketing and communications plan that includes strategies to engage and inform persons of the availability and accessibility of services as well as strategies to influence
behavior change towards health lifestyles.    
      101  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

11.4.4 
 Collect, analyze, track, and trend data to evaluate the effectiveness of the activities in this plan utilizing penetration rates and other quality management performance measures.    

11.4.5 
 Conduct outreach activities for persons in high-need groups, including at a minimum, the homeless, substance abusing pregnant women, persons who may qualify as SMI with co-morbid physical and behavioral health
conditions and others identified as high risk.        

11.4.6 
 Provide outreach and dissemination of information to the general public, other human service providers, county and state governments, school administrators and teachers and other interested parties about the
availability and accessibility of services.        

11.4.7 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS in promoting its outreach and social marketing initiatives.        

11.4.8 
 Provide written informational materials about the availability and accessibility of SABG funded substance abuse services to the community and referral sources including, at a minimum, schools, substance abuse
coalitions, and medical providers.        

11.4.9 
 Include an approved funding statement on all advertisements, publications, printed materials and social marketing materials produced by the Contractor that refer to covered services for Title XIX/XXI
members:  Contract services are funded, in part, under contract with the State of Arizona.         

11.4.10 
 Conduct marketing activities for Dual Eligible enrollees with the marketing effort focused on promoting enrollment in the Contractor s Medicare Dual Special Needs Plan (D-SNP). The State understands that the
Medicare D-SNP is able to enroll any dual eligible member, but to increase alignment, encourages the Contractor to only market to individuals enrolled in its AHCCCS plan. Marketing to dual eligible Contractor enrollees may include print
advertisements, radio advertisements, billboards, bus advertising, and television.        

11.4.11 
 Federal or State endorsement. Contracts cannot contain any assertion or statement (whether written or oral) that the MCO, PIHP, PAHP, or PCCM is endorsed by CMS, the Federal or State government or similar entity.

11.5  
  Web Site and Social Media Requirements       For all populations eligible for services under
this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

11.5.1 
 Establish and maintain a web site, which must be user friendly, easy to find, understand and navigate.        

11.5.2 
 Include the following information on its web site:        

11.5.2.1 
 The most current version of the Contractor s Member Handbook;        

11.5.2.3 
 Contractor s Provider Manual and a hyperlink to the ADHS/DBHS Provider Policy and Procedures Manual;    
      102  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

11.5.2.4 
 The current version of its Medication Lists and updates within thirty (30) days of a change being made with the medication information as follows:    

11.5.2.4.1 
 Medication listing by the brand name, generic name and identification of all medications that require a prior authorization,        

11.5.2.5 
 A network provider directory that is updated monthly and has search capability features to find:        

11.5.2.7 
 Its toll-free customer service telephone number, crisis hotline telephone number and a Telecommunications Device for the Deaf (TDD) telephone number;    

11.5.2.8 
 Regular and periodic reporting of the following including links to the ADHS/DBHS web site that contains the same, similar or corresponding information;    

11.5.2.9 
 Effectiveness of performance improvement activities;        

11.5.2.11 
 Results of performance measures through the use of dashboard indicators;        

11.5.2.15 
 General customer service information, including information about community resources and filing a complaint, SMI grievance or appeal, or request for interpreter services;    

11.5.2.17 
 Services for which prior authorization is required and prior authorization criteria;        

11.5.2.18 
 A community resource guide that is updated quarterly and contains community resource information applicable to the population in the assigned geographical service area in Greater Arizona and is provided in hard copy
when requested by providers; and        

11.5.2.19 
 Tobacco cessation Information and a link to the Arizona Smoker s Helpline.    
      103  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

11.6.1 
 Submit for ADHS/DBHS approval prior to publication and/or dissemination:        

11.6.1.1 
 Any information that is directly related to members or potential members and the general public including information used in outreach, web and social marketing activities;    

11.6.1.2 
 Regardless of the medium of dissemination, for example, Contractor s web site, e-mail, voice mail recorded phone messages, incentives, promotions, newsletter or any other means of communication; and

11.6.2 
 In the case of marketing materials for dual eligible enrollees, Contractor shall submit for prior review and approval to AHCCCS all dual marketing materials that refer to AHCCCS benefits and/or service information. All
materials shall be identified as dual marketing materials and submitted to  MarketingCommittee@azahcccs.gov . AHCCCS retains and reserves the right to review, materials that have received CMS approval.    

11.6.3.1 
 Information communicated and directed to individual members; and        

11.6.3.2 
 Health-related brochures developed by a nationally recognized organization as approved by ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS. The list of AHCCCS approved nationally recognized organizations are listed in the AHCCCS Contractor
Operations Manual Member Information Policy, Chapter 404, Attachment A.        
   For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

11.7.1 
 Review and revise all materials referenced in this Section on an annual basis.        

11.7.2 
 Submit for approval any materials referenced in this Section where substantive changes have been made.        

11.8  
  Identification Cards for SMI Members Receiving Physical Health Care Services       The
Contractor shall:      

11.8.1 
 Be responsible for the production, distribution and costs of Medicaid eligible member identification cards for Medicaid eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services.    

11.9  
  Communications Reporting Requirements         

11.9.1 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to Communications in accordance with Exhibit 9.    
      104  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

12  
  CULTURAL COMPETENCY         
   The Contractor shall:  

12.1.1 
 Provide covered services in accordance with a member s race, color, creed, gender, religion, age, national origin, including those with limited English proficiency, ancestry, marital status, sexual preference,
genetic information, or physical or intellectual disability, except where medically necessary.        

12.1.2 
 Address members  concerns according to a member s literacy and culture, and require subcontractors do the same.        

12.1.3 
 Provide interpreters and assistance for the visual or hearing- impaired, free of charge for all members when delivering covered services.    

12.1.4 
 Provide members and potential members with information to obtain interpreter or language translation assistance free of charge to the member or potential member. (42 CFR 438.10(c)(4)).    

12.1.5 
 Prohibit the following practices, at a minimum:        

12.1.5.1 
 Limiting or denial of access to an available facility;        

12.1.5.2 
 Providing to a member any medically necessary, covered service which is different, or is provided in a different manner or at a different time from other members, other public or private recipients of care or the public
at large, except where medically necessary;        

12.1.5.3 
 Segregate or separate treatment to a member; restrict a member in his or her enjoyment of any advantage or privilege offered to others receiving any covered service; and    

12.1.5.4 
 The assignment of times or places for the provision of services on the basis of the race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, sexual preference, income status, AHCCCS membership,
or physical or intellectual disability of the members to be served.        

12.1.6 
 Not knowingly execute a subcontract with a provider with the intent of allowing or permitting the subcontractor to implement barriers to care or that contains terms that act to discourage the full utilization of
services by members.        

12.1.7 
 Promptly intervene and take corrective action if the Contractor identifies a problem involving discrimination by one of its providers.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

12.2.1 
 Create and implement a comprehensive cultural competency program including those with limited English proficiency and diverse cultural backgrounds.    

12.2.2 
 Develop a written Cultural Competency Plan (CCP) that contains the following requirements:        

12.2.2.1 
 An outcome based format including expected results, measurable outcomes and outputs with a focus on national level priorities and current initiatives in the field of cultural competency;    
      105  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

12.2.2.2 
 An effectiveness assessment of current services provided in the assigned Greater Arizona Geographic Service Area that focuses on culturally competent care delivered in the network, as part of outreach services and other
programs, which includes an assessment of timely access, hours of operation and twenty-four (24) hour, seven (7) days a week availability for all provider and staff types delivering covered services (42 CFR 438.206(c));    

12.2.2.3 
 Data-driven and the data sources utilized to determine goals and objectives;        

12.2.2.4 
 Strategies to deliver services that are culturally competent and linguistically appropriate including methods for evaluating the cultural diversity of members and to assess needs and priorities in order to continually
improve provision of culturally competent care; and        

12.2.2.5 
 Methods to deliver linguistic and disability-related services by qualified personnel.        

12.2.3 
 Provide cultural competency information to members, including notification about Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Prohibition against National Origin Discrimination and Exec. Order No. 13166 (Improving Access
to Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency http://www.justice.gov/crt/about/cor/Pubs/eolep.php.        

12.2.4 
 Inform subcontractors and providers of the availability and use of interpretation services to assist members who speak a language other than English or who use sign language.    

12.2.5 
 Develop and implement an orientation and training program that includes specific methods to train staff, subcontractors and providers with direct member contact to effectively provide culturally and linguistically
appropriate services to members of all cultures.        

12.2.6 
 Design the orientation and training program for staff based on the relationships and contact they have with culturally diverse providers, members or stakeholders.    

12.2.7 
 Include in its orientation and training program the following mandatory training topics: Cultural Competency standards, National Culturally Linguistically and Appropriate Service Standards (CLAS) and Limited English
Proficiency (LEP). Contractor s orientation and training must be customized for staff based on the relationships and contact they have with culturally diverse providers, members or stakeholders.    

12.2.8 
 Maintain a sufficient number of accessible qualified oral interpreters and bilingual staff, and licensed sign language interpreters to deliver oral interpretation, translation, sign language, disability related
services, provide auxiliary aids and alternative formats.        

12.2.9 
 Monitor and evaluate provider practices and plans for the effective delivery of culturally and linguistically appropriate covered services.    

12.2.10 
 Submit a language services report in accordance with the instructions provided by ADHS/DBHS.    
      106  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

12.3.1 
 Translate all member informational materials when a language other than English is spoken by 3,000 individuals or ten percent (10%), whichever is less, of members in a geographic area who also have LEP.

12.3.2 
 Translate all vital materials when a language other than English is spoken by 1,000 or five per cent (5%), whichever is less, of members in the assigned geographical service area in Greater Arizona who also have LEP (42
CFR 438.10(c)(3)). See Exhibit 1, Definitions, for an explanation of  Vital Materials .        

13  
  GRIEVANCE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS         
   For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

13.1.1 
 Implement and administer a grievance system (42 CFR 438.228) for members, subcontractors and providers which include written processes for the following:    

13.1.2 
 Ensure that the grievance system complies with all applicable requirements in federal and state laws and regulations, AHCCCS  Contractor Operations Manual, AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, ADHS/DBHS Policy and
Procedure Manual, and this Contract, including all attachments, exhibits and documents incorporated by reference thereto.        

13.1.3 
 Not delegate or subcontract the administration or performance of the Member Grievance, SMI Grievance, SMI Appeal, TXIX/XXI Appeal, or Claim Dispute processes.    

13.1.4 
 Provide written notification of the Contractor s Grievance System processes to all subcontractor and providers at the time of entering into a subcontract.    

13.1.5 
 Provide written notification with information about Contractor s Grievance System to members in the Member Handbook in conformance with Section 11.2, Member Handbooks.   

13.1.6 
 Provide written notification to members at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of a change in a Grievance System policy.    

13.1.7 
 Administer all grievance system processes competently, expeditiously, and equitably for all members, subcontractors, and providers to ensure that member grievances, appeals, SMI grievances and claim disputes are
effectively and efficiently adjudicated and/or resolved.    
      107  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

13.1.8 
 Continuously review grievance system data to identify trends and opportunities for system improvement; take action to correct identified deficiencies; and otherwise implement modifications which improve grievance system
operations and efficiency.        

13.1.9 
 Comply with the provisions in Section 18.1.7 and 18.3.2.8 through 18.3.5, which shall include having all professional, paraprofessional, and clerical/administrative resources to represent the Contractor s,
subcontractor s and/or provider s interests for grievance system cases that rise to the level of an administrative or judicial hearing or proceeding, except for a claim dispute. In the event of a claim dispute, the Contractor and the
claimant are responsible to provide the necessary professional, paraprofessional and administrative resources to represent each of its respective interest. Absent written agreement to the contrary, the Contractor shall be responsible for
payment of attorney fees and costs awarded to a claimant in any administrative or judicial proceeding.        

13.1.10 
 Provide ADHS/DBHS with any grievance system information, report or document within the time specified by ADHS/DBHS  request.        

13.1.11 
 Fully cooperate with ADHS/DBHS in the event ADHS/DBHS decides to intervene in, participate in or review any Notice, Member Grievance, Appeal, SMI Grievance, or Claim Dispute or any other grievance system process or
proceeding. Contractor shall comply with or implement any ADHS/DBHS directive within the time specified pending formal resolution of the issue.        

13.1.12 
 Designate a qualified individual staff person to collaborate with ADHS/DBHS to address provider or member grievance system-related concerns consistent with the requirements of this Contract.    

13.1.13 
 Consider the best clinical interests of the member when addressing provider or member grievance system-related concerns. When such concerns are communicated to designated staff, communicate the concern, at a minimum and
when appropriate, to Contractor s senior management team, ADHS/DBHS  senior management team, AHCCCS leadership, government officials, legislators, or the media.    

13.1.14 
 Require the qualified, designated individual staff person to perform the following activities:        

13.1.14.2 
 Consult with the treatment team, Contractor s CMO or a Care Manager for clinical recommendations when applicable;        

13.1.14.3 
 Develop communication strategies in accordance with confidentiality laws; and        

13.1.14.4 
 Develop a written plan to address and resolve the situation to be approved by ADHS/DBHS, and AHCCCS when applicable, prior to implementation.    

13.1.15 
 Regularly review grievance system data to identify members that utilize grievance system processes at a significantly higher rate than others.    

13.1.16 
 Conduct a review and take any indicated clinical interventions, revisions to service planning or referrals to Contractor s Care Management Program when the data shows that a particular member is an outlier by
filing repetitive grievances and/or appeals.    
      108  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

13.2.1 
 Develop and maintain a dedicated department to acknowledge, investigate, and resolve member grievances. The distinct department should be accessible to members, providers and other stakeholders via a designated phone
number that can be accessed directly or by a telephone prompt on the contractor s messaging system.        

13.2.2 
 Respond to and resolve member grievances in a courteous, responsive, effective, and timely manner.        

13.2.3 
 Actively engage and become involved in resolving member grievances in a manner that holds subcontractors and providers accountable for their actions that precipitated or caused the complaint.    

13.2.4 
 Not engage in conduct to prohibit, discourage or interfere with a member s or a provider s right to assert a member grievance, appeal, SMI grievance, claim dispute or use any grievance system process.

13.2.5 
 Submit response to the resolution of member grievances as directed by ADHS.        

13.2.6 
 Provide ADHS with a quarterly report summarizing the number of grievances and complaints filed by or on behalf of a Title XIX or Title XXI eligible person determined to have SMI. The report must be categorized by access
to care, medical service provision and Contractor service level. The report shall be submitted as specified in Exhibit 9.        
   The Contractor shall:  

13.3.1 
 Develop and maintain a SMI Grievance process that supports the protection of the rights of SMI members and has mechanisms to correct identified deficiencies on both an individual and systemic level.    

13.3.2 
 Require SMI Grievance investigators to be certified by Council on Licensure, Enforcement and Regulation (CLEAR) or by an equivalent certification program approved by ADHS/DBHS.    

13.4  
  SMI Appeals and TXIX/XXI Member Appeals       The Contractor shall:  

13.4.1 
 Implement all appeal processes in a manner that offers appellants an opportunity to present an appeal in person at a convenient time and location for the member, and provide the privacy required by law.

13.4.2 
 Require all staff facilitating in-person SMI and TXIX/XXI appeal conferences to have training in mediation, conflict resolution or problem solving techniques.    
      109  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

13.5.1 
 Provide subcontractors with the Contractor s Claim Dispute Policy at the time of entering into a subcontract. The Contractor shall provide non-contracted providers with the Contractor s Claim Dispute
Policy with a remittance advice. The Contractor shall send the remittance advice and policy within forty-five (45) days of receipt of a claim.       

13.6  
  Grievance System Reporting Requirements        

13.6.1 
 The Contractor shall submit all deliverables related to the Grievance System in accordance with Exhibit 9.        

14  
  CORPORATE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM         
   The Contractor shall:  
 Be in compliance with [42 CFR 438.608]. The Contractor must have a mandatory Corporate Compliance Program, supported by other administrative
procedures including a Corporate Compliance Plan that is designed to guard against fraud, waste, and program abuse.    Have written criteria
for selecting a Corporate Compliance Officer and job description clearly outlining the responsibilities and authority of the position. The Contractor s written Corporate Compliance Plan must adhere to Contract and ACOM Policy 103 and must be
submitted annually to ADHS/DBHS/BCC as specified in Exhibit-9.      

14.1.1 
 The Corporate Compliance program shall be designed to both prevent and detect fraud, waste, and program abuse. The Corporate Compliance Program must include:    

14.1.1.1 
 Written policies, procedures, and standards of conduct that articulates the organization s commitment to and processes for complying with all Federal and state rules, regulations, guidelines, and
standards;        

14.1.1.2 
 The Corporate Compliance Officer must be an onsite management official who reports directly to the Contractor s top management. Any exceptions must be approved by ADHS/DBHS/BCC;    

14.1.1.3 
 Effective lines of communication between the Corporate Compliance officer and the Contractor s employees;        

14.1.1.4 
 Enforcement of standards through well-publicized disciplinary guidelines;        

14.1.1.5 
 Provision for internal monitoring and auditing, as well as provisions for external monitoring and auditing of subcontractors. The Contractor shall provide the external auditing schedule and executive summary of all
audits as specified in Exhibit 9;        

14.1.1.7 
 The written designation of a Corporate Compliance Committee who is accountable to the Contractor s top management. The Corporate Compliance Committee which shall be made up of, at a minimum, the Corporate
Compliance Officer, a budgetary official and other executive officials with the authority to commit resources. The Corporate Compliance Committee will assist the Corporate Compliance Officer in monitoring, reviewing and assessing the effectiveness
of the Corporate Compliance program and timeliness of reporting;    
      110  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

14.1.1.8 
 Pursuant to the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (DRA), Contractors, as a condition for receiving payments shall establish written policies for employees detailing:    

14.1.1.8.3 
 Any State laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

14.1.1.9 
 The Contractor must notify ADHS/DBHS/BCC, and DBHS Business Information System, as specified in Exhibit-9, of any CMS compliance issues related to HIPAA transaction and code set complaints or sanctions.

14.1.1.10 
 The Contractor agrees to permit and cooperate with any onsite review. A review by the AHCCCS-OIG and/or ADHS/DBHS/BCC may be conducted without notice and for the purpose of ensuring program compliance. The Contractor
also agrees to respond to electronic, telephonic or written requests for information within the timeframe specified by AHCCCS-OIG and/or ADHS/DBHS/BCC. The Contractor agrees to provide documents, including original documents, to representatives of
the ADHS/DBHS/BCC and/or AHCCCS-OIG upon request and at no cost. The ADHS/DBHS/BCC and/or AHCCCS-OIG shall allow a reasonable time for the Contractor to copy the requested documents, not to exceed twenty (20) business days from the date of the
ADHS/DBHS/BCC and/or AHCCCS-OIG request.        
   In addition to the duties described in Section 18.5.5, the
Contractor shall require the Corporate Compliance Officer to be responsible for the following:      

14.2.1 
 Train staff in detecting and reporting fraud, waste and program abuse.        

14.2.2 
 Oversee internal and external fraud, waste and program abuse audits and investigations.        

14.2.3 
 Record, track and trend all fraud, waste and program abuse complaints received including those initiated by Contractor and maintain the following information:    

14.2.3.2 
 Name and identifying information of person or entity suspected of fraud, waste or program abuse;        

14.2.3.7 
 The department or agency to which the complaint has been reported; and        
     
      111  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

14.2.4 
 Conduct fraud, waste and program abuse awareness activities.        

14.2.5 
 Develop and maintain internal control assessments.        

14.2.7 
 Act as a liaison with ADHS/DBHS Corporate Compliance.        

14.2.8 
 Notify ADHS/DBHS of any CMS compliance issues related to HIPAA transaction and code set complaints or sanctions.        

14.2.9 
 Communicate with the AHCCCS Office of Inspector General (OIG) on the final disposition of the research and advise of actions, if any, taken by the Contractor.    

14.2.10 
 Provide the Corporate Compliance Officer with complete access to all information, databases, files, records and documents in order to conduct audits and investigate and structure the position to report suspected fraud,
waste and program abuse directly to AHCCCS-OIG and ADHS/DBHS Bureau of Corporate Compliance (BCC) independently (42 CFR 455.17).        
   The Contractor shall:  

14.3.2 
 The Contractor shall not conduct any investigation or review of the allegations of fraud, waste, or program abuse involving the AHCCCS Program. All Non-Titled funded allegations should be handled in accordance with the
ADHS/DBHS/BCC Operations and Procedures Manual. Notification to ADHS/DBHS/BCC and AHCCCS-OIG shall be in accordance with ACOM Policy 103 and as specified in Exhibit-9. Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS/BCC in any review, audit or investigation or request for
information of the Contractor, subcontractor or providers in accordance with Special Terms and Conditions,  Inspection, Acceptance and Performance Standards  and  Requests for Information .    

14.3.3 
 The Contractor must also report to AHCCCS-OIG, ADHS/DBHS/BQ I and ADHS/DBHS/BCC, as specified in Exhibit-9, any credentialing denials including, but not limited to those which are the result of licensure issues,
quality of care concerns, excluded providers, and which are due to alleged fraud, waste or program abuse. In accordance with [42 CFR 455.14],ADHS/DBHS/BCC and AHCCCS-OIG will then conduct a preliminary investigation to determine if there
is sufficient basis to warrant a full investigation. [42 CFR 455.17][42 CFR 455.1(a)(1)].       

14.3.4 
 As stated in A.R.S.  13-2310, incorporated herein by reference, any person who knowingly obtains any benefit by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, promises, or material omissions is guilty of
a Class 2 felony.    
      112  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

14.3.5 
 The Contractor agrees to permit and cooperate with any onsite review. A review by the AHCCCS-OIG and/or ADHS/DBHS/BCC may be conducted without notice and for the purpose of ensuring program compliance.

14.3.6 
 The Contractor also agrees to respond to electronic, telephonic or written requests for information within the timeframe specified by AHCCCS-OIG and/or ADHS/DBHS/BCC.    

14.3.7 
 The Contractor agrees to provide documents, including original documents, to representatives of the ADHS/DBHS/BCC and/or AHCCCS-OIG upon request and at no cost. The ADHS/DBHS/BCC and/or AHCCCS-OIG shall allow a
reasonable time for the Contractor to copy the requested documents, not to exceed twenty (20) business days from the date of the ADHS/DBHS/BCC and/or AHCCCS-OIG request.    

14.3.8 
 Once the Contractor has referred a case of alleged fraud, waste, or program abuse to ADHS/DBHS/BCC, the Contractor shall take no action to recoup or otherwise offset any suspected overpayments, until AHCCCS or
ADHS/DBHS/BCC provides written notice to the Contractor of the fraud, waste or program abuse case disposition status.        

14.3.9 
 ADHS/DBHS/BCC and AHCCCS-OIG will notify the Contractor when the investigation concludes. If it is determined by ADHS/DBHS/BCC and AHCCCS-OIG to not be a fraud, waste, or program abuse case, the Contractor shall
adhere to the applicable ADHS/DBHS/BCC policy manuals for disposition.        

14.3.10 
 In addition, the Contractor must furnish to ADHS/DBHS/BCC or AHCCCS, within thirty-five (35) days of receiving a request, full and complete information, pertaining to business transactions [42 CFR 455.105]:

14.3.10.1 
 The ownership of any subcontractor with whom the Contractor has had business transactions totaling more than $25,000 during the 12-month period ending on the date of request; and    

14.3.10.2 
 Any significant business transactions between the Contractor, any subcontractor, and wholly owned supplier, or between the Contractor and any subcontractor during the five year period ending on the date of the request.

14.4  
  Reporting Suspected Fraud, Waste and Program Abuse       The Contractor shall:  

14.4.1 
 Develop, maintain and publicize a confidential and anonymous reporting process for the public, members, staff and contractors to report fraud, waste and program abuse complaints.    

14.4.3 
 Immediately report all instances of suspected fraud, waste and program abuse involving Title XIX/XXI funds, AHCCCS providers or AHCCCS members to AHCCCS-OIG in writing using the AHCCCS reporting form with a copy sent to
ADHS/DBHS-BCC.        

14.4.4 
 Immediately report all other instances of suspected fraud, waste and program abuse not described in 14.4.3 to ADHS/DBHS/BCC in writing using an approved reporting ADHS/DBHS/BCC reporting form.    
      113  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

14.5.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to prohibit the Contractor from knowingly having a relationship with any person, entity or affiliate that is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from participating in
procurement or non-procurement activities. (42 CFR 438.610; 42 CFR 1001.1901 and Executive Order No. 12549).        

14.5.2 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures for screening the federal excluded parties databases (SAM and LEIE), System for Award Management (SAM), found at https://sam.gov, and the Office of Inspector General
(OIG) List of Excluded Individuals/Entities (LEIE) found at https://exclusions.oig.hhs.gov/ to determine whether potential and existing staff and subcontractors have been debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from participating in procurement or
non-procurement activities. All potential staff and subcontractors must be checked against the lists before hire and all existing staff and subcontractors must be checked against the lists on a monthly basis.    

14.5.3 
 Submit the year-to-date list of all employees  and subcontractors  names that have been screened/checked against the exclusion databases and submit the results to ADHS, in accordance with Exhibit 9 of this
Contract.        

14.5.4 
 At a minimum, the year-to-date list of employees and subcontractors must include the following:        

14.5.4.3 
 Last four digits of Social Security number (Upon Request),        

14.5.5 
 Observe all applicable rules of confidentiality when submitting protected personal information.        

14.5.6 
 Immediately notify AHCCCS-OIG and ADHS/DBHS-BCC of any confirmed instances of an excluded provider, staff or subcontractor that is or appears to be in a prohibited relationship with the Contractor or its
subcontractors.   
      114  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

14.6.1 
 The Contractor must require, through documented policies and subsequent contract amendments, that subcontractors and providers train their staff on the following aspects of the Federal False Claims Act provisions 31
U.S.C.    3729-3733, provisions, including the following:        

14.6.1.1 
 The administrative remedies for false claims and statements;        

14.6.1.2 
 Any state laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

14.6.2 
 The Contractor must establish a process for training existing staff and new hires on the compliance program and on the items in number 14.6.1 above. All training must be conducted in such a manner that can be
verified by AHCCCS/ADHS.        
   The
Contractor must obtain the following information regarding ownership and control (42 CFR 455.100 through 455.106) (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act):  

14.7.1 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Numbers of any individual with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined direct/indirect
ownership interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other obligation secured by the Contractor if that interest equals at least 5% of the value of the Contractor s assets,
is an officer or director of a Contractor organized as a corporation, or is a partner in a Contractor organized as a partnership (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act and [42 CFR 455.100-104]).    

14.7.2 
 The Name, Address, and Tax Identification Number of any corporation with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined direct/indirect ownership
interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other obligation secured by the Contractor if that interest equals at least 5% of the value of the Contractor s assets, is an
officer or director of a Contractor organized as a corporation, or is a partner in a Contractor organized as a partnership (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR 455.100-104). The address for corporate
entities must include as applicable primary business address, every business location, and P.O. Box address.        

14.7.3 
 Whether the person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the Contractor as a spouse, parent, child, or
sibling; or whether the person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the Contractor has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the Contractor as a
spouse, parent, child, or sibling.    
      115  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

14.7.5 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Number of any agent and managing employee (including Key Staff as noted in Section 18.5 ) of the Contractor as defined in [42 CFR 455.101].    

14.7.6 
 The Contractor shall also, with regard to its fiscal agents, obtain the following information regarding ownership and control (42 CFR 455.104):    

14.7.6.1 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Numbers of any individual with an ownership or control interest in fiscal agent.    

14.7.6.2 
 The Name, Address, and Tax Identification Number of any corporation with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent. The address for corporate entities must include as applicable primary business address,
every business location, and P.O. Box address.        

14.7.6.3 
 Whether the person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent as a spouse, parent, child, or
sibling; or whether the person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the fiscal agent has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent
as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling.;        

14.8  
  Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes       The Contractor shall:  

14.8.1 
 Confirm the identity and determine the exclusion status of any person with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor, and any person who is an agent or managing employee of the Contractor (including Key Staff
as noted in Section 18.5), through routine checks of Federal databases; and        

14.8.2 
 Disclose the identity of any of these excluded persons, including those who have ever been convicted of a criminal offense related to that person s involvement in any program under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Title
XX services program since the inception of those programs.        

14.8.3 
 On a monthly basis, confirm the identity and determine the exclusion status through routine checks of:        

14.8.3.2 
 The System for Award Management (SAM) formerly known as The Excluded Parties List (EPLS); and        
     
      116  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

14.8.5 
 The results of the Disclosure of Ownership and Control and the Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes shall be held by the Contractor. Upon renewal or extension of the Contract, the Contractor shall
submit an annual attestation as specified in Exhibit-9, Contractor Chart of Deliverables, that the information has been obtained and verified by the Contractor, or upon request, provide this information to ADHS/DBHS/BCC. Refer to ACOM Policy 103 for
further information.        

14.8.6 
 The Contractor must immediately notify ADHS/DBHS/BCC and AHCCCS-OIG of any person who has been excluded through these checks in accordance with the (42 CFR 455.106 (2)(b)) and as specified in Exhibit-9.

14.8.7 
 The Contractor shall require Administrative Services Subcontractors adhere to the requirements outlined above regarding Disclosure of Ownership and Control and Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes as
outlined in (42 CFR 455.101 through 106), ([42 CFR 436 and SMDL09-001). Administrative Services Subcontractors shall disclose to ADHS/DBHS/BCC and AHCCCS-OIG the identity of any excluded person. AHCCCS and ADHS/DBHS will not permit one organization
to own or manage more than one contract within the same program in the same GSA.        

14.8.8 
 Federal Financial Participation (FFP) is not available for any amounts paid to a Contractor that could be excluded from participation in Medicare or Medicaid for any of the following reasons:    

14.8.8.1 
 The Contractor is controlled by a sanctioned individual;        

14.8.8.2 
 The Contractor has a contractual relationship that provides for the administration, management or provision of medical services, or the establishment of policies, or the provision of operational support for the
administration, management or provision of medical services, either directly or indirectly, with an individual convicted of certain crimes as described in Section 1128(b)(8)(B) of the Social Security Act;    

14.8.9 
 The Contractor employs or contracts, directly or indirectly, for the furnishing of health care, utilization review, medical social work, or administrative services, with one of the following:    

14.8.9.1 
 Any individual or entity excluded from participation in Federal health care programs;        

14.8.10 
 In the event that AHCCCS-OIG, either through a civil monetary penalty or assessment, a global civil settlement or judgment, or any other form of civil action, including recovery of an overpayment, receives a monetary
recovery from an entity, the entirety of such monetary recovery belongs exclusively to AHCCCS and the Contractor has no claim to any portion of this recovery. Furthermore, the Contractor is fully subrogated to AHCCCS for all civil recoveries.
   
      117  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

14.8.11 
 In accordance with Section 1128A(a)(6) of the Social Security Act; and [42 CFR section 1003.102(a)(2)(3)] civil monetary penalties may be imposed against the Contractor, its subcontractors or providers who employ or
enter into contracts with excluded individuals or entities to provide items or services to Medicaid recipients.        

14.8.12 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished under the plan by any
individual or entity during any period when the individual or entity is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to Sections 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) and (1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(A)) of the Social Security
Act.        

14.8.13 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished at the medical
direction or on the prescription of a physician, during the period when such physician is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to section 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) of the Social Security Act and when the
person furnishing such item or service knew, or had reason to know, of the exclusion (after a reasonable time period after reasonable notice has been furnished to the person) (Sections 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(B))of the Social Security Act).

14.8.14 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished by an individual or
entity to whom the state has failed to suspend payments during any period in which the state has notified the Contractor of a pending investigation of a credible allegation of fraud against the individual or entity, unless the state determines there
is good cause not to suspend such payments (Section 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(C)) of the Social Security Act).        

14.8.15.1 
 Upon the Contractor submitting the proposal in accordance with the State s procurement process;        

14.8.16 
 Federal Financial Participation (FFP) is not available for any amounts paid to a Contractor that could be excluded from participation in Medicare or Medicaid for any of the following reasons:    

14.8.16.2 
 The Contractor has a contractual relationship that provides for the administration, management or provision of medical services, or the establishment of policies, or the provision of operational support for the
administration, management or provision of medical services, either directly or indirectly, with an individual convicted of certain crimes as described in Section 1128(b)(8)(B) of the Social Security Act;    
      118  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

14.8.17 
 The Contractor employs or contracts, directly or indirectly, for the furnishing of health care, utilization review, medical social work, or administrative services, with one of the following:    

14.8.17.1 
 Any individual or entity excluded from participation in Federal health care programs;        

14.8.18 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished under the plan by any
individual or entity during any period when the individual or entity is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to Sections 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) and (1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(A)) of the Social Security
Act.        

14.8.19 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished at the medical
direction or on the prescription of a physician, during the period when such physician is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to section 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) of the Social Security Act and when the
person furnishing such item or service knew, or had reason to know, of the exclusion (after a reasonable time period after reasonable notice has been furnished to the person) (Sections 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(B))of the Social Security Act).

14.8.20 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished by an individual or
entity to whom the state has failed to suspend payments during any period in which the state has notified the Contractor of a pending investigation of a credible allegation of fraud against the individual or entity, unless the state determines there
is good cause not to suspend such payments (Section 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(C)) of the Social Security Act).        

14.9  
  Corporate Compliance Reporting Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

14.9.1 
 Submit all Corporate Compliance deliverables related to Corporate Compliance in accordance with the Bureau of Corporate Compliance (BCC) Operations and Procedures Manual and Exhibit 9. However, when submitting a
deliverable with information designated as protected health information (PHI) and/or other confidential or sensitive content, the Contractor need only send notification to the following email box:  BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@AZDHS.gov,  that
the deliverable has been sent to the respective program area.   
      119  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15  
  FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT         
   The Contractor shall:  

15.1.1 
 Develop and maintain internal controls and systems to separately account for both ADHS/DBHS-related revenue and expenses and non-ADHS-related revenue and expenses by type and program.    

15.1.2 
 Develop and maintain internal controls to prevent and detect fraud, waste and abuse.        

15.1.3 
 Separately account for all funds received under this Contract in conformance with the requirements in Exhibit 7, ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona.    

15.1.4 
 Attest that the capitation rates set forth in Exhibit 11, Capitation Rates are reasonable and agree to accept such rates.        
   The Contractor shall:  

15.2.1 
 Provide clarification of accounting issues found in financial reports identified by ADHS/DBHS upon request.        

15.2.2 
 Provide annual financial reports audited by an independent certified public accountant prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Auditing Standards (GAAS) and the approved cost allocation plan.    

15.2.3 
 Have the annual Statement of Activities and Supplemental Reports audited and signed by an independent Certified Public Accountant attesting usage of the approved cost allocation plan.    

15.2.4 
 Provide an annual Single Audit Report prepared in accordance with OMB Circular A-133 (whether for profit or non-profit) and an approved cost allocation plan. Notwithstanding the Circular A-133 regulations, the
Contractor shall include the SABG and MHBG as major programs for the purpose of this Contract. Additional agreed upon procedures and attestations may be required of the Contractor s auditor as determined by ADHS/DBHS.    

15.3  
  Financial Viability/Performance Standards       The Contractor shall:  

15.3.1 
 Be in material breach of this Contract and subject to financial sanctions, corrective action or other Contract remedies for failure to comply with the financial viability/performance standards in Section
15.3.3. ADHS/DBHS will take into account the Contractor s unique situation when analyzing service expense and administrative ratio results. However, if critical combinations of the Financial Viability/Performance Standards are not
met, or if the Contractor s experience differs significantly from other Contractors, ADHS/DBHS may exercise the remedies under this Contract.        

15.3.2 
 Comply with the financial viability standards, or any revisions or modifications of the standards, in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona, Financial Ratios and Standards on a
monthly basis.        

15.3.3 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS  monthly reviews of the ratios and financial viability standards below. The ratios and financial viability standards are as follows:    

15.3.3.1 
 Current Ratio: Current assets divided by current liabilities must be greater than or equal to 1.00. If current assets include a receivable from a parent company or affiliated company, the parent or affiliated company
must have liquid assets that support the amount of the intercompany loan. Other Assets deemed restricted by ADHS/DBHS are excluded from this ratio;    
      120  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.3.3.2 
 Defensive Interval: Must be greater than or equal to thirty (30) days. Defensive Interval = (Unrestricted Cash + Current Investments)/((Operating Expense Non-Cash Expense)/(Period Being Measured in
Days)). Other Assets deemed restricted by ADHS/DBHS are excluded from this ratio;        

15.3.3.3 
 Equity per enrolled TXIX/XXI members: Must be greater than or equal to twenty-five dollars ($25) per enrolled person on the last day of the month; (Unrestricted equity, less on-balance sheet performance bond, due from
affiliates, guarantees of debts/pledges/assignments and other assets determined to be restricted, divided by the number of enrolled TXIX/XXI members at the end of the period);    

15.3.3.4 
 Administrative Expense Ratio: (Administrative Expenses are those costs associated with the overall management and operation of the Contractor, including, at a minimum: salaries, staff benefits, professional and outside
services, travel, occupancy, depreciation, interpretive service, care management, and all other operating expenses);        

15.3.3.5 
 Total Title XIX/XXI Administrative Expenses divided by total Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be less than or equal to eight per cent (8%);    

15.3.3.6 
 Total Non-Title XIX/XXI Administrative Expenses divided by total Non-Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be less than or equal to eight per cent (8%);    

15.3.3.7 
 Service Expense Ratio: (Services Expenses do not include taxes): Total Title XIX/XXI Service Expense divided by total Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be no less than eighty-eight point three per cent (88.3%); and

15.3.3.8 
 Total Non-Title XIX/XXI Service Expense divided by total Non-Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be no less than eighty-eight point three per cent (88.3%).    

15.3.4 
 Continue to deliver services to members for the duration of the period for which the member is enrolled, unless insolvent.        
   ADHS/DBHS shall:  

15.4.1 
 Make payments to Contractor as Title XIX/XXI capitation payments and Non-Title XIX/XXI payments.        

15.4.2 
 Make payments to Contractor that are conditioned upon the availability of funds authorized, appropriated and allocated to ADHS/DBHS for expenditure in the manner and for the purposes set forth in this
Contract.    
      121  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.4.3 
 Not be responsible for payment to Contractor for any purchases, expenditures or subcontracts made by the Contractor in anticipation of funding.    

15.4.4 
 Calculate monthly capitation payments to the Contractor as payment in full for each of Title XIX/XXI members in the behavioral health categories/risk groups in 15.4.4.1 through15.4.4.6 who are eligible on the first day
of the month for any and all Title XIX/XXI covered behavioral health services delivered to these members who are eligible during the month, including all administrative costs of Contractor:    

15.4.4.1 
 Comprehensive Medical and Dental Program (CMDP) Child;        

15.4.4.6 
 SMI member not receiving physical health care services under this Contract.        

15.4.5 
 Calculate monthly capitation payments to the Contractor for Title XIX SMI Integrated members receiving physical health care services on the first day of the month. Adjustments in enrollment of members during the
month will be paid in the following month. The capitation payments are payment in full for any and all Title XIX covered services delivered to these members who are Title XIX eligible during the month, including all administrative costs of
Contractor.       

15.4.6 
 Obtain CMS approval and the Arizona Legislature, Joint Legislative Budget Committee s review of any adjustments to the Title XIX/XXI capitation rates.    

15.4.7 
 Annually prepare the Non-Title XIX/XXI Allocation Schedule, which is subject to change during the fiscal year, to specify the Non-Title XIX/XXI non-capitated funding sources by program including MHBG and SABG Federal
Block Grant funds, State General Fund appropriations, county and other funds, which are used for services not covered by Title XIX/XXI funding and for populations not otherwise covered by Title XIX/XXI funding.   

15.4.8 
 Make payments to Contractor according the Non-Title XIX/XXI Allocation Schedule which includes all administrative costs to the Contractor. Payments shall be made in twelve (12) monthly installments through the
Contract year no later than the tenth (10th) business day of each month. ADHS/DBHS retains the discretion to make payments using an alternative payment schedule.    

15.4.9 
 Make payments no later than the tenth (10th) business day of each month. ADHS/DBHS retains the discretion to make payments using an alternative payment schedule.    

15.4.10 
 The Contractor shall submit a copy of its entity s Form 8963, Report of Health Insurance Provider Information, filed with the IRS to report net premium along with its final fee estimate. In addition, the
Contractor shall complete and submit the Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting Template. Both documents are due to ADHS by September 15 th  of each fee year. The above requirements only
apply to for-profit entities. Refer to AHCCCS  ACOM Policy 320, Attachment A, for a copy of the Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting Template. For additional information, refer to AHCCCS  ACOM Policy 320 Health Insurer Fee.
   
      122  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.4.11 
 Submit a written statement that no fee is due if the Contractor is not subject to the Health Insurer Fee. Indicate the reason for the exemption.    

15.4.12 
 The Contractor shall submit a copy of its entity s federal and state tax filings via email by April 15th of the year following the fee year. The text of the email should indicate the entity s federal and state
tax rates. This requirement only applies to for-profit entities.        

15.4.13 
 The Contractor shall submit its anticipated federal and state tax rates via email by April 15th of the year following the fee year, if a filing extension was requested. This requirement only applies to for-profit
entities. Once filed, the Contractor shall submit copies of its federal and state filings within thirty (30) days of filing. Adjustments may occur to a capitation rate that was previously adjusted for tax liability purposes if the resulting tax
liability is materially different from the anticipated tax rates that were previously reported.     The Contractor shall:  

15.4.14 
 Manage available funding in order to continuously provide services throughout the Contract year.        

15.4.15 
 Not be entitled to receive adjustments to the monthly capitation payment for Title XIX/XXI behavioral health categories:       

15.4.15.6 
 SMI members not receiving physical health care services under this Contract who are enrolled or disenrolled with AHCCCS after the first of the month.    

15.4.16 
 Members enrolled with the Contractor who are initially found eligible for AHCCCS through Hospital Presumptive Eligibility will receive coverage of services during the prior period through AHCCCS Fee-For-Service. The
capitation rates reflect that the Contractor is not responsible for the prior period cost of medically necessary covered services to those members.        
   ADHS/DBHS shall:  

15.5.1 
 Compensate the Contractor for services provided to Title XIX members during the Prior Period Coverage (PPC) time periods and to Title XIX/XXI members during the prospective time periods through capitation payments as
described and defined within this Contract. The reimbursement for PPC for Title XIX members will be included in the prospective capitation described below. Title XXI members are not eligible for PPC services.   
      123  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.5.2 
 Establish the capitation rates using Actuaries and practices established by the Actuarial Standards Board with the following data for the purposes of rebasing and/or updating the capitation rates:    

15.5.2.1 
 Utilization and unit cost data derived from adjudicated encounters;        

15.5.2.2 
 Audited and unaudited financial statements reported by the Contractor;        

15.5.2.4 
 AHCCCS fee-for-service and ADHS/DBHS fee-for-service schedule pricing adjustments;        

15.5.2.5 
 Programmatic or Medicaid covered service changes that affect reimbursement; and        

15.5.2.6 
 Other changes to behavioral health/medical practices or administrative requirements that affect reimbursement.        

15.5.3 
 Adjust capitation rates to best match payment to risk in order to further ensure the actuarial basis for the rates. Examples of risk factors that may be included are as follows:    

15.5.3.3 
 Risk sharing arrangements for limited or all members.        

15.5.4 
 Limit the amount of expenditures to be used in the capitation rate setting process and reconciliations to the lesser of the contracted/mandated amount or the Contractor paid amount for services or pharmaceuticals, in
instances in which AHCCCS or ADHS/DBHS has specialty contracts or legislation/policy which limits the allowable reimbursement.        

15.5.5 
 Review the information described in Sections 15.5.2 with Actuaries in renewal years to determine if adjustments are necessary.        

15.5.6 
 Not include in the data provided to Actuaries for setting capitation rates if Contractor provides services not covered under the State Plan (42 CFR 438.6(e)).    

15.5.7 
 Not include in the data provided to Actuaries for setting capitation rates encounters for Title XIX services billed by an IHS or a tribally owned or operated facility.    

15.5.8 
 Inform the Contractor that AHCCCS Division of Fee For Service Management (DFSM) will reimburse claims for SMI physical health care services that are medically necessary, eligible for one hundred per cent (100%) federal
reimbursement, and are provided to Title XIX members enrolled with the Contractor by an IHS or a Tribally owned or operated facility and when the member is eligible to receive services at the IHS or a Tribally owned or operated facility. Encounters
for Title XIX services billed by an IHS or a Tribally owned or operated facility will not be accepted by ADHS/DBHS from the Contractor.        

15.5.9 
 Consider offering Reinsurance to the Contractor if there is more than one RBHA per region. The reinsurance threshold and off-set to capitation may be determined as part of the capitation rate setting process.
   
      124  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.5.10 
 In conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona, reconcile the Contractor s service expenses to service revenue/net capitation paid to the Contractor for dates of service during the
Contract year being reconciled for the behavioral health categories/risk groups: CMDP Child, Non-CMDP Child, DDD Child, DDD Adult, GMH/SA Non-Dual, SMI members not receiving physical health care services under this Contract, SMI members receiving
physical health care services under this Contract for purposes of limiting Contractor s profits and losses to four per cent (4%). Any losses in excess of four per cent (4%) will be reimbursed to the Contractor, and likewise, profits in excess
of four per cent (4%) will be recouped. It is the intent of ADHS/DBHS that adjudicated encounter data will be used to determine service expenses. The Children population (Non-CMDP Child and CMDP Child) will be separately reconciled from the
Adult population (SMI Integrated, SMI Non-Integrated and GMH/SA Non-Dual). DDD child and DDD Adult will be separately reconciled from all other Title XIX/XXI funding.    

15.5.11 
 Produce a weekly capitation transaction to provide the Contractor with member-level capitation payment information. This file will show changes to the prospective capitation payments, as sent in the monthly file,
resulting from enrollment changes that occur after the monthly file is produced. This file will also identify mass adjustments to and/or manual capitation payments that occurred at AHCCCS after the monthly file is produced.    

15.5.12 
 Participate in Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) efforts as delineated by ACOM Policy 322 CYE16 and as specified in Exhibit 9 in order to encourage quality improvement by aligning the incentives of the Contractor and
provider through  value based purchasing  arrangements. Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) is a cornerstone of ADHS  and AHCCCS  strategy to bend the upward trajectory of health care costs. ADHS and AHCCCS are implementing
initiatives to leverage the managed care model toward value based health care systems where members  experience and population health are improved, per-capita health care cost is limited to the rate of general inflation through aligned
incentives with managed care organization and provider partners, and there is a commitment to continuous quality improvement and learning.        

15.5.13 
 Ensure that members are directed to providers who participate in value based purchasing initiatives and who offer value as determined by measureable outcomes. The Contractor shall submit by October 31, 2015, an
Executive Summary describing its strategies to direct members to valued providers.        

15.5.14 
 Information is reviewed by AHCCCS  actuaries in renewal years to determine if adjustments are necessary. The Contractor may cover services that are not covered under the State Plan or the Arizona Medicaid
Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver, Special Terms and Conditions approved by CMS; however, AHCCCS will not consider costs of non-covered services in the development of capitation rates [42 CFR 438.6(e)] (Section 1903(i) and 1903(i)(17) of the Social
Security Act). Graduate Medical Education payments (GME) are not included in the capitation rates but paid out separately, if applicable, consistent with the terms of Arizona s State Plan. Likewise, because AHCCCS and ADHS do
not delegate any of the responsibilities for administering Electronic Health Record (EHR) incentive payments to the Contractor, EHR payments are also excluded from the capitation rates and are paid out separately, if applicable, by AHCCCS
and ADHS pursuant to Section 4201 of the HITECH Act 42 USC 1396 b(t), and [42 CFR 495.300] et seq.    
      125  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   ADHS/DBHS shall:  

15.6.1 
 Except for changes made specifically in accordance with Section 15.16.6 or other applicable terms of this Contract, not renegotiate or modify the rates set forth in Exhibit 11.    

15.6.2 
 Have discretion to review the effect of program changes, legislative requirements, Contractor experience, actuarial assumptions, and/or Contractor specific capitation factors to determine if a capitation adjustment is
needed. In these instances the adjustment and assumptions will be discussed with the Contractor prior to modifying capitation rates.        

15.6.3 
 Consider the Contractor s request for a review of a program change when Contractor alleges the program change was not equitable; ADHS/DBHS will not unreasonably withhold such a review.    

15.6.4 
 Have the discretion to adjust the amount of payment in addition to other available remedies if the Contractor fails to comply with any term or is in any manner in default in the performance of any obligation under this
Contract until there is satisfactory resolution of the noncompliance or default.        

15.6.5 
 Have the discretion to deduct from a future monthly capitation or additionally reimburse the Contractor, as appropriate, for any month during which the Contractor was not at risk. Examples are as follows:

15.6.5.4 
 Adjustment based on change in a member s behavioral health category and/or risk group; and        

15.6.6 
 Have the discretion to modify its policy on capitation recoupments at any time during the term of this Contract.        

15.6.7 
 Make a retroactive capitation rate adjustment, if applicable, to approximate the cost associated with the Health Insurer Assessment Fee (Assessment Fee), subject to the receipt of documentation from the Contractor
regarding the amount of the Contractor s liability for the Assessment Fee. Section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor, if applicable, pay an Assessment Fee annually beginning in 2014
based on its respective market share of premium revenues from the preceding year. The cost of the Assessment Fee will include both the Assessment Fee itself and the corporate income tax liability the Contractor incurs related to the Assessment
Fee. Upon finalization of method of approach, an AHCCCS ACOM Policy will be available with further details.      The
Contractor shall:      

15.6.8 
 Notify ADHS/DBHS of program and/or expenditure changes initiated by the Contractor during the contract period that may result in material changes to the current or future capitation rates.    
      126  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.6.9 
 If the Contractor intends to purchase reinsurance, the Contractor shall submit the details of such proposed reinsurance to ADHS for informational purposes only prior to its projected effective date.    

15.6.10 
 Notify AHCCCS for an eligibility determination upon learning that a member is or may be an inmate of a public institution. Notifications must be sent via email to one of the following two email addresses as applicable:
       
    DMSJUVENILEIncarceration@azahcccs.gov.   
   
    DMSADULTIncarceration@azahcccs.gov.   

15.6.12 
 Not report members incarcerated with the Arizona Department of Corrections.        

15.6.13 
 Be subject to recoupment if a member is enrolled twice with the same Contractor as soon as the double capitation is identified.        

15.6.14 
 Note that several counties are submitting daily files of all inmates entering their jail and all inmates released. AHCCCS will match these files against the database of active AHCCCS members. Title XIX/XXI members who
become incarcerated will be placed in a  no-pay  status for the duration of their incarceration. The Contractor will see the  IE  code for ineligible associated with the disenrollment. Upon release from jail, the member will
be re-enrolled with Contractor. A member is eligible for covered services until the effective date of the member s  no-pay  status.        

15.6.15 
 Utilize the ADHS transaction updates as identified below:        

15.6.15.1 
 A monthly capitation transaction file for the SMI members receiving Physical Health care services under this Contract will be produced to provide the Contractor with member-level capitation payment information
representing the monthly prospective capitation payment and changes to the previous month s prospective capitation payment resulting from enrollment changes that occur after the previous monthly file is produced. This file will identify
mass adjustments to and/or manual capitation payments that occurred at ADHS after the monthly file is produced.        
   ADHS/DBHS shall:  

15.7.1 
 Provide funds that are subject to availability and the terms and conditions of this Contract.    
      127  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.7.2 
 Pay the Contractor, provided that the Contractor s performance is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Contract.       

15.7.4 
 Have the option to make payments to the Contractor by wire or National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA) transfer and shall provide the Contractor at least thirty (30) days  notice prior to the effective
date of any such change.        

15.7.5 
 Not be liable for any error or delay in transfer or indirect or consequential damages arising from the use of the electronic funds transfer process where payments are made by electronic funds transfer.

15.7.6 
 Adjust payments when an error is discovered and may make a payment adjustment through a corresponding decrease in a current Contractor s payment or by processing an additional payment to the
Contractor.       

15.7.7 
 Have the discretion to allow the Contractor to make payment to a fiscal agent hired by the Contractor; however, the Contractor shall not assign or pledge payments.    
 The Contractor shall:      

15.7.8 
 Notify and reimburse ADHS/DBHS within thirty (30) days of when the Contractor identifies an overpayment by ADHS/DBHS.        

15.7.9 
 Be responsible for any charges or expenses imposed for transfers or related actions in Section 15.7.5        

15.7.10 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) with respect to any amount expended
for which funds may not be used under the Assisted Suicide Funding Restriction Act of 1997. (1903(i) final sentence and 1903(i)(16) of the Social Security Act.        
   The Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor make enhanced payments for primary care services delivered by, or under the supervision of, a physician with a specialty designation of family medicine, general internal medicine, or pediatric
medicine. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR 447.400(a)] The Contractor shall base enhanced primary care payments on the Medicare Part B fee schedule rate or, if greater, the payment rate that would be applicable in
2013 and 2014 using the CY 2009 Medicare physician fee schedule conversion factor. If no applicable rate is established by Medicare, the Contractor shall use the rate specified in a fee schedule established by CMS. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42
CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR 447.405] The Contractor shall make enhanced primary care payments for all Medicaid-covered Evaluation and Management (E M) billing codes 99201 through 99499 and Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) vaccine
administration codes 90460, 90461, 90471, 90472, 90473, and 90474, or their successor codes. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR 447.405(c)].      

15.7.12 
 ADHS will make quarterly cost-settlement payments to the Contractor. The cost-settlement payment is a separate payment arrangement from the capitation payment.(CMS Medicaid Managed Care Payment for PCP Services in 2013
and 2014: Technical Guide and Rate Setting Practices) Cost Settlement payments will be based upon adjudicated/approved encounter data. This data will provide the necessary documentation to ensure that primary care enhanced payments were made to
network providers. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi)(B)].    
      128  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.8  
  Profit Limit for Non-Title XIX/XXI Funds       ADHS/DBHS shall:  

15.8.1 
 On a state fiscal year basis, require the Contractor to return all funds not expended on services or administration for Non-Title XIX/XXI state funded eligible persons and shall not allow the Contractor to earn a profit
from allocated funds for Supported Housing for Title XIX SMI members, Crisis, and Non-Title XIX/XXI SMI. There is no maximum loss for Non-Title XIX/XXI funded programs. Service revenue equals ninety-two per cent (92%) of total ADHS/DBHS revenue paid
to Contractor in the state fiscal year.        

15.8.2 
 Establish a profit limit on the Contractor s potential profits from the SABG , MHBG , County, and Non-Title XIX/XXI Other funds. The profit limit applies to the profits derived from the funding sources above.
ADHS/DBHS reserves the right to require the Contractor to also include related parties profit and losses greater than four per cent (4%) if they perform any requirement or function of the Contract on the Contractor s behalf.

15.8.3 
 Calculate the profit limit for the SABG as follows:        

15.8.3.1 
 Require the Contractor to calculate profits and losses for the SABG separately from other programs;        

15.8.3.2 
 Limit the Contractor s profits for the SABG to four per cent (4%) of service revenue per state fiscal year;        

15.8.3.4 
 Calculate profits and losses as service revenue less service expense. Service revenue equals ninety-two per cent (92%) of total SABG.    

15.8.4 
 Calculate the profit limit for the MHBG as follows:        

15.8.4.1 
 Require the Contractor to calculate profits and losses for the MHBG separately from other programs;        

15.8.4.2 
 Limit the Contractor s profits for the MHBG to four per cent (4%) of service revenue per state fiscal year;        

15.8.4.4 
 Calculate profits and losses as service revenue less service expense. Service revenue equals ninety-two per cent (92%) of total MHBG.    

15.8.5 
 Calculate the profit limit for the Non-Title XIX/XXI Other and County funding as follows:        

15.8.5.1 
 Require the Contractor to calculate profits and losses for the Non-Title XIX/XXI Other and County funding separately from other programs;    

15.8.5.2 
 Limit the Contractor s profit for Non-Title XIX/XXI Other and County, if applicable, to four (4%) per cent of service revenue per state fiscal year;    
      129  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.8.5.3 
 Not apply a maximum loss for Non-Title XIX/XXI Other and County funding; and       

15.8.5.4 
 Calculate profits and losses as service revenue less service expense. Service revenue equals ninety-two per cent (92%) of total Non-Title XIX/XXI Other and County funding.    

15.8.6 
 Require the Contractor to return excess profits to ADHS/DBHS upon final calculation by ADHS/DBHS. If profit is determined to exceed the permissible amount, ADHS/DBHS shall reduce payments to the Contractor.

15.8.7 
 Require the Contractor to not include imposed sanctions or taxes as an expense for the purpose of calculating profit or loss.        

15.8.8 
 Notify Contractor of its draft determination of its profit/loss analysis in writing within sixty (60) days after receiving the Final Audited Financial Statements.    

15.8.9 
 Provide Contractor with twenty (20) days to comment on the determination prior to a final determination of profit issues which shall be ninety (90) days following the receipt of the Final Audited Financial Statement.

15.8.10 
 Have the discretion to exclude from the calculation one time funding sources and revenue distributed by ADHS/DBHS within one hundred twenty (120) days of the end of a contract year for which Contractor may not have
anticipated.        

15.9  
  Non-Title XIX/XXI Encounter Valuation for Grant, County, Non-Title XIX and Other Funds     
 The Contractor shall:      

15.9.1 
 Submit the volume of Non-Title XIX/XXI encounters so that the valuation level equals eight-five per cent (85%) of the total service revenue without inclusion of any crisis capacity credit.    

15.9.2 
 Have the discretion to recoup the difference between a subcontractor s total value of encounters submitted to the Contractor and eighty-five per cent (85%) of the subcontractor s total service revenue contract
amount.      ADHS/DBHS shall:      

15.9.3 
 Monitor the value of submitted encounters on a quarterly basis.        

15.9.4 
 Have the discretion to calculate an encounter valuation penalty if the contractor does not meet the above volume requirement.        
   The Contractor shall:  

15.10.1 
 Demonstrate a commitment to the local communities in which it operates through community reinvestment activities including contributing six (6%) percent of its annual profits to community reinvestment; and

15.10.2 
 Regularly obtain community input on local and regional needs prior to enacted community investment activities.    
      130  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

15.11.1 
 Reimburse ADHS/DBHS immediately upon demand all funds not expended in accordance with the terms of this Contract as determined by ADHS/DBHS or the Arizona Auditor General.   

15.11.2 
 Reimburse ADHS/DBHS immediately upon demand for any recoupments imposed by AHCCCS or the federal government and passed through to the Contractor. If the Contractor is not responsible for reimbursement, the Contractor
and ADHS/DBHS shall collaborate to identify the responsible party.        

15.11.3 
 Recoup and refund overpayments and adjust underpayments. The recoupment process should include the submission of voided or replaced encounters within one hundred and twenty (120) days from the date of recoupment or
adjustment.        

15.11.4 
 Recoup Medicaid funds paid for all Medicaid reimbursable covered services delivered on dates of service on which the subcontractor did not have the credentials, license, certification, or accreditation required to be an
AHCCCS registered provider.        

15.11.6 
 Submit replacement encounters for recoupments that result in an adjusted claim value.      ADHS
Shall:      

15.11.7 
 Recoup fraud, waste and abuse provider collections through a reduction of RHBA monthly payments regardless of the RBHA s payment arrangement with the applicable provider or subcontractor.    

15.12  
  Financial Responsibility for Referrals and Coordination with Acute Health Plans and the Courts     
 The Contractor shall:      

15.12.1 
 Comply with applicable requirements in the AHCCCS Benefit Coordination and Fiscal Responsibility for Behavioral Health Services Provided to Members Enrolled in the Acute Care Services Program policy.    

15.12.1 
 Be financially responsible for requested psychiatric consultations in all hospital settings for all Title XIX/XXI members and Non-Title XIX/XXI members with SMI. For Title XIX/XXI members, except for SMI members
eligible to receive physical health services under this Contract, the member s AHCCCS Health Plan is responsible for all other medical services including triage, physician assessment and diagnostic tests for services delivered in an emergency
room setting. The Contractor is responsible for associated behavioral health professional services when the principal diagnosis on the claim is behavioral health. Refer to ACOM Policy 432.    

15.12.2 
 Develop a collaborative process with the counties to ensure coordination of care and information sharing for timely access to court ordered evaluation services and treatment. Reimbursement for court ordered screening
and evaluation services (Court ordered treatment) are the responsibility of the County pursuant to A.R.S.  36-545. For additional information regarding behavioral health services refer to Title 9 Chapter 22 Articles 2 and 12.    

15.12.3 
   Refer to ACOM Policy 437 for clarification regarding financial responsibility for the provision of medically
necessary behavioral health services rendered after the     
      131  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

completion of a Court-Ordered Evaluation, and ACOM Policy 423 for clarification regarding the financial responsibility for the provision of specific mental health treatment/care when such
treatment is ordered as a result of a judicial ruling.       

15.12.4 
 Ensure initiation of follow-up activities for individuals for whom a crisis service has been provided as the first service to ensure engagement with ongoing services as clinically indicated.    

15.12.5 
 The Contractor s responsibility for payment of behavioral health services includes per diem claims for inpatient hospital services, when the principal diagnosis on the hospital claim is a behavioral health
diagnosis. The hospital claim, which may include both behavioral health and physical health services, will be paid by the Contractor at the per diem inpatient behavioral health rate prescribed by ADHS and described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61. For
more detailed information about Contractor payment responsibility for physical health services that may be provided to members who are also receiving behavioral health services refer to ACOM Policy 432.    

15.13  
  Advancement, Distributions, Loans, and Investments of Funds by the Contractor       The
Contractor shall not, without the prior approval from ADHS/DBHS:      

15.13.1 
 Advance or loan funds to subcontracted providers to continue to deliver essential covered services to members;       

15.13.2 
 Advance, invest in or loan funds to a related party, affiliate or subcontractor; or        

15.13.3 
 Make equity distributions, loans, or loan guarantees to any entity including another fund or line of business within the Contractor s organization.    
 The Contractor shall:      

15.13.4 
 Refer to the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona for further information to make a request for prior approval.        

15.14  
  Management of Federal Block Grant Funds and other Federal Grants       The Contractor shall:

15.14.1.1 
 Substance Abuse Block Grant (SABG) funds for planning, implementing, and evaluating activities to prevent and treat substance abuse and related activities addressing HIV and tuberculosis services;    

15.14.1.2 
 Mental Health Block Grant (MHBG) funds for services for adults with Serious Mental Illness (SMI) and children with serious emotional disturbance (SED); and    

15.14.1.3 
 Other federal grant funding as allocated by ADHS/DBHS as directed for purposes set forth in the federal grant requirements.        

15.14.2 
 Manage, record, and report Federal Grant funds in accordance with the practices, procedures, and standards in the ADHS/DBHS Accounting and Auditing Procedures Manual.    

15.14.3 
 Report financial information related to Federal Grants in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona.    
      132  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.14.5 
 Retain documentation of compliance with Federal Grant requirements.        

15.14.6 
 Develop and maintain fiscal controls in accordance with authorized activities of the Federal Block Grants and other Federal Grant funds, this Contract, and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Special Populations, the MHBG and SABG
FAQs, the ADHS/DBHS Framework for Prevention in Behavioral Health, and ADHS/DBHS  accounting, auditing, and financial reporting procedures.        

15.14.7 
 Report MHBG and SABG grant funds and services separately and provide information related to block grant expenditures to ADHS/DBHS upon request.    

15.14.8 
 Submit contractor and provider level expenditure data to ADHS/DBHS consistent with the annual funding levels in the ADHS/DBHS Allocation Schedule for certain allocations of the SABG including substance abuse treatment
services, crisis services, primary prevention services, specialty programs and services for pregnant women and women with dependent children and HIV Early Intervention Services and the MHBG including SED and SMI services.    

15.14.9 
 Manage the Federal Block Grant funds during each fiscal year to make funds available for obligation and expenditure until the end of the fiscal year for which the funds were paid. When making transfers involving Federal
Block Grant funds, the Contractor shall comply with the requirements in accordance with the Federal Block Grant Funds Transfers Cash Management Improvement Act of 1990 and any rules or regulations promulgated by the U. S. Department of the Treasury
including 31 CFR Part 205.        

15.14.10 
 Not discriminate against non-governmental organizations on the basis of religion in the distribution of Block Grant funds.        

15.14.11 
 Not expend Federal Block Grant funds for any of the following prohibited activities:        

15.14.11.4 
 Purchase or improve land; purchase, construct, or permanently improve any building or facility except for minor remodeling;        

15.14.11.6 
 Provide financial assistance to any entity other than a public or non-profit private entity;        

15.14.11.7 
 Provide individuals with hypodermic needles or syringes for illegal drug use, unless the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service determines that a demonstration needle exchange program would be effective in
reducing drug abuse and the risk that the public will become infected with the etiologic agent for AIDS;        

15.14.11.8 
 Pay the salary of an individual through a grant or other extramural mechanism at a rate in excess of Level I of the Executive Salary Schedule for the award year; see
http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap_summary.htm; or        

15.14.11.9 
 Purchase treatment services in penal or correctional institutions in the State of Arizona.    
      133  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.14.12 
 Comply with all terms, conditions, and requirements for any Federal Grant funding allocated by ADHS/DBHS.        

15.14.13 
 Provide acute care or physical health care services including payments of co-pays.        
   ADHS/DBHS shall:  

15.15.1 
 Be under no obligation to assist, facilitate, or help Contractor secure the mortgage or financing if a Contractor intends to obtain a mortgage or financing for the purchase of real property or construction of buildings
on real property.        
   The Contractor shall:  

15.16.1 
 Have the discretion to allow AHCCCS registered providers only to charge Medicaid eligible members for services that are excluded from AHCCCS coverage or that are provided in excess of AHCCCS limits in accordance with
A.A.C R9-22-702.        

15.16.2 
 Not hold Title XIX/XXI members liable for payment for covered services provided to the member except as permitted under A.A.C R9-22-702.    

15.16.3.2 
 Payments to the Contractor or any subcontractors for covered services furnished under a contract, referral or other arrangement, to the extent that those payments are in excess of the amount the member would owe if the
Contractor or any subcontractor provided the services directly (42 CFR 438.106(c)).        

15.17  
  Medicare Services and Cost Sharing Requirements       AHCCCS has members enrolled who are
eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. These members are referred to as  dual eligibles . Generally, Contractors are responsible for payment of Medicare coinsurance and/or deductibles for covered services provided to dual
eligible members within the Contractor s network. However, there are different cost-sharing responsibilities that apply to dual eligible members based on a variety of factors. Unless prior approval is obtained from AHCCCS, the
Contractor must limit their cost sharing responsibility according to ACOM Policy 201 and Policy 202. Contractors shall have no cost sharing obligation if the Medicare payment exceeds what the Contractor would have paid for the same service of a
non-Medicare member. Please refer to Exhibit 3 for information related to D-SNPs and refer to Section 5.2 for information related to the coordination of care for Duals.  
 The Contractor will contract with CMS to be a Medicare Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) or offer a D-SNP product through one (1) of the
equity partners in the organization. 
      134  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  For all dual eligible members, the Contractor shall:  

15.17.1 
 Be responsible for payment of Medicare coinsurance and/or deductibles for covered services provided to dual eligible members within the Contractor s network.    

15.17.2 
 Limit cost sharing responsibility according to the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Medicare Cost Sharing Policy and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Third Party Liability and Coordination of Benefits.    

15.17.3 
 Have no cost sharing obligation if the Medicare payment exceeds what the Contractor would have paid for the same service of a non-Medicare member.    

15.17.4 
 Note that when a person with Medicare who is also eligible for Medicaid (dual eligible) is in a medical institution that is funded by Medicaid for a full calendar month, the dual eligible person is not required to pay
copayments for their Medicare covered prescription medications for the remainder of the calendar year. To ensure appropriate information is communicated for these members to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), the Contractor must,
using the approved form, notify the AHCCCS Member Database Management Administration (MDMA), via fax at (602) 253-4807 as soon as it determines that a dual eligible person is expected to be in a medical institution that is funded by Medicaid for a
full calendar month, regardless of the status of the dual eligible person s Medicare lifetime or annual benefits. This includes:        

15.17.4.2 
 Members who have used their Medicare part  A  life time inpatient benefit.        

15.17.5 
 For individuals determined to be SMI and who are enrolled in an Integrated RBHA,the Integrated RBHA shall provide seamless conversion enrollment of newly Medicare eligible individuals who are currently enrolled
with the Integrated RBHA for Medicaid only, into the companion D-SNP, subject to CMS approval. This directive is based on CMS guidance provided in the Medicare Managed Care Manual, Chapter 2, Section 40.1.4 and will include individuals who have
aged-in to Medicare as well as those qualified for Medicare upon the completion of the (24) month waiting period due to a disability. AHCCCS/ADHS will pursue CMS guidance on seamless conversion for the Integrated RBHAs  equity D-SNP.
      The Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA)  created a prescription drug benefit called Medicare Part D for
individuals who are eligible for Medicare Part A and/or enrolled in Medicare Part B. AHCCCS does not cover prescription drugs that are covered under Part D for dual eligible members. AHCCCS will not cover prescription drugs for this
population whether or not they are enrolled in Medicare Part D.      

15.17.6.1 
 Be reimbursed as part of its capitation for prescription medication ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist subject to
limitations related to prescription supply amounts, and the Contractor s prior authorization requirements if they are excluded from Medicare Part D coverage;    

15.17.6.2 
 Not be reimbursed for those Medications covered by Part D, but not on a specific Part D Health Plan s formulary. These medications are not considered excluded drugs and will not be covered by AHCCCS. This
applies to members that are enrolled in Medicare Part D or are eligible for Medicare Part D;    
      135  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.17.6.3 
 Not require a dual eligible member to pay copayments for Medicare covered prescription medications for the remainder of the calendar year when the member has been in a medical institution funded by Medicaid for a full
calendar month. See Exhibit 1, Definitions, for an explanation of  Medical Institution  and        

15.17.6.4 
 Utilize state funds to pay or reimburse Medicare Part D cost sharing for dual eligible members or Non-Title XIX/XXI Medicare eligible SMI members. Payment of any Medicare Part D cost sharing or any Medicare Part D
excluded or non-covered drugs for Non-Title XIX/XXI eligible, Non-SMI members is subject to available funding and in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on the Medication List.    
   
   The Integrated RBHA must establish branding for its companion D-SNP that
ensures it is easily identifiable to members and providers as an integrated plan for both Medicare and Medicaid.      
   The Contractor shall:  

15.18.1 
 Satisfy the initial capitalization amount equal to $5 million in the Northern Region and $10 million in the Southern Region if there is only one RBHA per region by submitting proof of having secured the initial
capitalization amount. If the Contractor is relying on another organization to meet the initial capitalization requirement, submit the most current audited financial statement of the other organization and write a certification, signed and dated by
the President or CEO of the other organization, with a statement of its intent to provide the initial capitalization amount to the Contractor, without restriction, within the time frames required in this Contract.    

15.18.2 
 Have no more than fifty per cent (50%) of the initial capitalization requirement satisfied with an irrevocable Letter of Credit issued by on one of the following:    

15.18.2.1 
 A bank doing business in this state and insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;        

15.18.2.2 
 A savings and loan association doing business in this state and insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation; and        

15.18.2.3 
 A credit union doing business in Arizona and insured by the National Credit Union Administration.        

15.18.3 
 Demonstrate the initial unencumbered capitalization amount on or before the Contract Performance Start Date through a contractors  balance sheet or bank statement.    

15.18.4 
 Make security funds available to ADHS/DBHS upon default or nonperformance.       

15.18.5 
 Demonstrate the maintenance of minimum capitalization (net assets/equity) requirement equal to ninety per cent (90%) of the monthly Title XIX/XXI capitation and Non-Title XIX/XXI payments to the Contractor by the end of
first Contract period and through the remainder of the Contract term.    
      136  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.18.6.1 
 At any time in first Contract Period, the maintenance of minimum capitalization requirement shall never fall below the initial capitalization requirement;    

15.18.6.2 
 Maintain the capitalization requirement in addition to the requirements in Special Terms and Conditions Section CC, Performance Bond; and    

15.18.6.3 
 May apply the initial capitalization and maintenance of minimum capitalization requirement toward meeting the ongoing equity per member requirement and for its operations in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Financial
Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona.        

15.19  
  Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements         

15.19.1 
 AHCCCS is the payor of last resort unless specifically prohibited by applicable State or Federal law. This means AHCCCS shall be used as a source of payment for covered services only after all other sources of
payment have been exhausted. The Contractor shall take reasonable measures to identify potentially legally liable third party sources.        

15.19.2 
 If the Contractor discovers the probable existence of a liable third party that is not known to AHCCCS, or identifies any change in coverage, the Contractor must report the information within ten (10) days of discovery,
as specified in Exhibit-9. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Section 19.5, Sanctions. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor with a file of all other coverage information, for the purpose of updating the
Contractor s files, as described in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines.       

15.19.3 
 The Contractor shall coordinate benefits in accordance with [42 CFR 433.135 et seq.,] A.R.S.  36-2903, and A.A.C. R9-22-1001 et seq., so that costs for services otherwise payable by the Contractor are cost avoided
or recovered from a liable third party [42 CFR 434.6(a)(9)]. The term  State  shall be interpreted to mean ADHS/AHCCCS for purposes of complying with the Federal regulations referenced above. The Contractor may require subcontractors
to be responsible for coordination of benefits for services provided pursuant to this contract. The two methods used for coordination of benefits are cost avoidance and post-payment recovery. The Contractor shall use these methods as described
in A.A.C. R9-22-1001 et seq., Federal and State law, and ADHS/AHCCCS Policy.        
   The Contractor shall take reasonable measures to determine all legally liable
parties. This refers to any individual, entity or program that is or may be liable to pay all or part of the expenditures for covered services. The Contractor shall cost avoid a claim if it has established the probable existence of a
liable party at the time the claim is filed. For purposes of cost avoidance, establishing liability takes place when the Contractor receives confirmation that another party is, by statute, contract, or agreement, legally responsible for the
payment of a claim for a healthcare item or service delivered to a member. If the probable existence of a party s liability cannot be established, the Contractor must adjudicate the claim. The Contractor must then utilize post-payment
recovery which is described in further detail below. If ADHS/AHCCCS determines that the Contractor is not actively engaged in cost avoidance activities, the Contractor shall be subject to sanctions.  
      137  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  If a third party insurer other than Medicare requires the member to pay any copayment,
coinsurance or deductible, the Contractor is responsible for making these payments in accordance with ACOM Policy 434.    Claims for
inpatient stay for labor, delivery and postpartum care, including professional fees when there is no global OB package, must be cost avoided. [42 CFR 433.139]      
   The Contractor shall not deny a claim for timeliness if the untimely claim
submission results from a provider s efforts to determine the extent of liability.    Members Covered by both Medicare and Medicaid
(Duals):    See Section 15.17, Medicare Services and Cost Sharing.  

15.19.6.1 
 Members under 21 years of age who are determined to have a qualifying CRS condition will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor. Members with private insurance or Medicare may use their private insurance or Medicare
provider networks to obtain services including those for the CRS condition. The CRS Contractor is responsible for payment for services provided to its enrolled members according to CRS coverage type. See ACOM Policy 426 for CRS Contractor
coverage responsibilities and coordination of benefits. If the member has Medicare coverage, ACOM Policy 201 shall apply.        

15.19.7.1 
 The Contractor shall pay the full amount of the claim according to the AHCCCS Capped-Fee-For-Service Schedule or the contracted rate and then seek reimbursement from any third party if the claim is for the following:

15.19.7.2 
 Prenatal care for pregnant women, including services which are part of a global OB Package;        

15.19.7.3 
 Preventive pediatric services, including Early and Periodic Screening Diagnosis and Treatment (EPSDT) and administration of vaccines to children under the Vaccines for Children (VFC) program;    

15.19.7.4 
 Services covered by third party liability that are derived from an absent parent whose obligation to pay support is being enforced by the Division of Child Support Enforcement; or    

15.19.7.5 
 Services for which the Contractor fails to establish the existence of a liable third party at the time the claim is filed.        
   The Contractor shall identify the existence of
potentially liable parties using a variety of methods, including referrals, and data mining through the use of trauma code edits, utilizing the codes provided by AHCCCS/ADHS. The Contractor shall not pursue recovery in the following
circumstances, unless the case has been referred to the Contractor by AHCCCS/ADHS or AHCCCS  authorized representative:      
 
      138  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

Upon identification of a potentially liable third party for
any of the above situations, the Contractor shall, within ten (10) business days, report the potentially liable third party to AHCCCS  TPL Contractor for determination of a mass tort or total plan case. Failure to report these cases may
result in one of the remedies specified in Section 19.5, Sanctions. A mass tort case is a case where multiple plaintiffs or a class of plaintiffs have filed a lawsuit against the same tort feasor(s) to recover damages arising from the same or
similar set of circumstances (e.g. class action lawsuits) regardless of whether any reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payments are involved. A total plan case is a case where payments for services rendered to the member are exclusively the
responsibility of the Contractor; no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payments are involved. By contrast, a  joint  case is one where Fee-For-Service payments and/or reinsurance payments are involved. The Contractor shall cooperate
with AHCCCS  authorized representative in all collection efforts.      
   All TPL reporting requirements are subject to validation through
periodic audits and/or operational reviews which may include Contractor submission of an electronic extract of the casualty cases, including open and closed cases. Data elements may include, but are not limited to: the member s first and
last name; AHCCCS ID; date of incident; claimed amount; paid/recovered amount; and case status. The AHCCCS TPL Section shall provide the format and reporting schedule for this information to the Contractor. 
   
   Eligibility for KidsCare and BCCTP benefits require that the
applicant/member not be enrolled with any other creditable health insurance plan. If the Contractor becomes aware of any such coverage, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS immediately. AHCCCS will determine if the other insurance meets the
creditable coverage definition in A.R.S.  36-2982(G).      
   The Contractor shall submit quarterly reports regarding cost
avoidance/recovery activities, as specified in Exhibit 9. The report shall be submitted in a format as specified in the AHCCCS Program Integrity Reporting Guide.      
   Post-payment recovery is necessary in cases where
the Contractor has not established the probable existence of a liable third party at the time services were rendered or paid for, was unable to cost-avoid, or post- 
      139  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  
payment recovery is required. In these instances, the Contractor must adjudicate the claim and then utilize post-payment recovery processes which include: Pay and Chase, Retroactive Recoveries
Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources, and other third party liability recoveries. Refer to ACOM Policy 434 for further guidance.      
   Retroactive Recoveries Involving Commercial Insurance Payor
Sources:     

15.21.1 
 For a period of two (2) years from the date of service, the Contractor shall engage in retroactive third party recovery efforts for claims paid to determine if there are commercial insurance payor sources that were not
known at the time of payment. In the event a commercial insurance payor source is identified, the Contractor must seek recovery from the commercial insurance. The Contractor is prohibited from recouping related payments from providers,
requiring providers to take action, or requiring the involvement of providers in any way.        

15.21.2 
 The Contractor has two (2) years from the date of service to recover payments for a particular claim, or to identify claims having a reasonable expectation of recovery. A reasonable expectation of recovery is
established when the Contractor has affirmatively identified a commercial insurance payor source and has begun the process of recovering payment. If AHCCCS/ADHS determines that a Contractor is tagging claims that do not meet these requirements,
AHCCCS/ADHS may impose sanctions. After two years from the date of service, AHCCCS/ADHS will direct recovery efforts for any claims not tagged by the Contractor.        

15.21.3 
 AHCCCS/ADHS will direct recovery efforts for retroactive recovery of claims not previously identified by the Contractor as having a reasonable expectation of recovery. Any recoveries obtained by AHCCCS/ADHS through
its recovery efforts will be retained exclusively by AHCCCS/ADHS and will not be shared with the Contractor.       

15.21.5 
 See ACOM Policy 434 for details regarding encounter adjustments as a result of retroactive recoveries and the processes for identifying claims that have a reasonable expectation of recovery.   
   
   In  total plan  cases, the Contractor is
responsible for performing all research, investigation, the mandatory filing of initial liens on cases that exceed $250, lien amendments, lien releases, and payment of other related costs in accordance with A.R.S.  36-2915 and A.R.S.
 36-2916. The Contractor shall use the AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery correspondence when filing liens and when corresponding to others in regard to casualty recovery. The Contractor may retain up to 100% of its recovery
collections if all of the following conditions exist:      

15.22.1 
 Total collections received do not exceed the total amount of the Contractor s financial liability for the member;        

15.22.2 
 There are no payments made by AHCCCS related to Fee-For-Service, reinsurance or administrative costs (i.e., lien filing , etc.); and,    

15.22.3 
 Such recovery is not prohibited by State or Federal law.    
      140  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  Prior to negotiating a settlement on a total plan case, the Contractor shall notify
ADHS/AHCCCS or AHCCCS  authorized TPL Contractor to ensure that there is no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payment that has been made by AHCCCS. Failure to report these cases prior to negotiating a settlement amount may result in one of
the remedies specified in Section 19.5, Sanctions.    The Contractor shall report settlement information to ADHS/AHCCCS, utilizing the
AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery Settlement Notification Form, within ten (10) business days from the settlement date or in an AHCCCS-approved monthly file, as specified in Exhibit 9. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies
specified in Section 19.5, Sanctions.    Joint and Mass Tort Cases:      

15.22.1 
 AHCCCS  authorized representative is responsible for performing all research, investigation and payment of lien-related costs, subsequent to the referral of any and all relevant case information to AHCCCS 
authorized representative by the Contractor.        

15.22.2 
 In joint and mass tort cases, AHCCCS  authorized representative is also responsible for negotiating and acting in the best interest of all parties to obtain a reasonable settlement and may compromise a settlement
in order to maximize overall reimbursement, net of legal and other costs.        

15.22.3 
 The Contractor will be responsible for their prorated share of the contingency fee. The Contractor s share of the contingency fee will be deducted from the settlement proceeds prior to ADHS/AHCCCS remitting the
settlement to the Contractor.        
   The Contractor shall:  

15.23.1 
 Comply with any limitations imposed by ADHS/DBHS on the Contractor s Block Payment arrangements in subcontracts for certain types of providers. See the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona.

15.23.2 
 When members present in an emergency room setting, the Contractor is responsible for payment of all emergency room services and transportation for all members regardless of the principal diagnosis on the emergency room
and/or transportation claim. The Contractor is responsible for payment of the associated professional regardless of the principal diagnosis on the claim, services as delineated in ACOM Policy 432.    

15.24  
  Financial Management Reporting Requirements      The Contractor shall:  

15.24.1 
 Submit deliverables related to Financial Management and comply with all financial reporting requirements in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona and Exhibit 9.    

15.24.2 
 Separately account for all funds received under this Contract in conformance with the requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona.    

15.24.3 
 Prepare deliverables in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in electronic copy form. Where specific guidance is not found in authoritative literature or where multiple acceptable methods to
record accounting transactions are available, the Contractor shall, when directed by ADHS, comply with the requirements in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona.    
      141  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

15.24.4 
 Submit quarterly D-SNP financial statements to ADHS/DBHS. Separate reporting for the BHS line of business will be required. If the D-SNP plan is licensed through the Department of Insurance the Contractor
shall submit its Department of Insurance (DOI) quarterly reports to ADHS/DBHS for informational purposes. If the D-SNP plan is certified through AHCCCS, the Contractor shall submit the quarterly report to ADHS/DBHS for informational purposes using
the AHCCCS template, a copy of which may be found on the AHCCCS website.        

16  
  PROVIDER AGREEMENT REIMBURSEMENT         

16.1  
  Physician Incentive Requirements      The Contractor shall:  

16.1.2 
 Disclose all physician incentive agreements to ADHS/DBHS including the type and amount of the incentive (42 CFR 438.6(h)); disclose physician incentives to members upon request.    

16.1.3 
 Not enter into subcontracts that place providers at significant financial risk without first obtaining prior approval from ADHS/DBHS by submitting the following to ADHS/DBHS ninety (90) days prior to the implementation
of the subcontract:        

16.1.6 
 Require subcontractors to comply with all applicable regulations related to physician incentive contracts.        

16.2  
  Nursing Facility Reimbursement       For SMI members receiving physical health care services,
the Contractor shall:      

16.2.1 
 Be responsible for nursing facility reimbursement only during the time the member is enrolled with the Contractor as shown in the PMMIS if the member becomes ALTCS eligible and is enrolled with an ALTCS Contractor
before the end of the maximum ninety (90) days per contract year of nursing facility coverage.   
      142  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

16.2.2 
 Apply the ninety (90) day per contract year limitation for nursing facility services covered by another liable party, including Medicare, while the member is enrolled with the Contractor.    

16.2.3 
 Not deny nursing facility services when the member s eligibility, including prior period coverage, had not been posted at the time of admission. In this instance, the Contractor shall impose reasonable
authorization requirements. There is no ALTCS enrollment, including prior period coverage that occurs concurrently with AHCCCS acute enrollment.       

16.2.4 
 If the member becomes ALTCS eligible and is enrolled with an ALTCS Contractor before the end of the maximum 90 days per contract year of nursing facility coverage, the Contractor is only responsible for nursing facility
reimbursement during the time the member is enrolled with the Contractor as shown in the PMMIS. Nursing facility services covered by another liable party (including Medicare) while the member is enrolled with the Contractor, shall be applied to
the ninety (90) day per contract year limitation.        

17  
  INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND DATA EXCHANGE REQUIREMENTS         
   ADHS/DBHS supports new and evolving technologies to create efficiencies;
improve the quality of care and which lead to better health care outcomes while containing costs. Examples of such technologies, supported, in part, by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) include the use
of health information technology in the electronic health records (EHRs), e-prescribing and a Health Information Exchange (HIE) infrastructure. Expanding technological capability is expected to reduce total spending on health care by diminishing the
number of inappropriate tests, duplicate procedures, paperwork and administrative overhead, which will result in fewer adverse events. The use of health information technology for health care service delivery and health care management is critical
to the effectiveness of the overall behavioral and physical health care system.      
   The Contractor shall:  

17.2.1 
 Demonstrate full compliance and functional operability with all requirements in this Section by contract performance start date and throughout the terms of this Contract.    

17.2.2 
 Ensure that the information so recorded and submitted to ADHS or AHCCCS is in accordance with all procedures, policies, rules, regulations or statutes during the term of this Contract.    

17.2.3 
 Agree to conform to changes of all procedures, policies, rules, regulations or statutes following notification by ADHS or AHCCCS.        

17.2.4 
 Complete all necessary agreements, authorizations, and control documents to successfully establish an EDI Trading Partner Agreement prior to the first exchange of data with ADHS or AHCCCS.    

17.2.5 
 Comply with the Administrative Simplification requirements of Subpart F of the HIPAA of 1996 (P.L. 107-191, 110 Statutes 1936) and all federal regulations implementing that Subpart that are applicable to the operations
of the Contractor by the dates required in those federal regulations as well as all requirements and regulations subsequently enacted.    
      143  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.2.6 
 Actively disseminate information to educate and support providers to adopt and expand the use of health information technology.        

17.2.7 
 Incentivize providers utilizing electronic health records to implement  meaningfully use  health information technology as a standard of doing business with ADHS/DBHS, AHCCCS and other system partners.

17.2.8 
 Not be reimbursed beyond the standard administrative payment for any additional costs of software or hardware changes, revisions or upgrades.   

17.2.9 
 Provide attestation at the time of submission that any data transmitted is accurate, complete and truthful, to the best of the Contractor s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) or
designee s knowledge in conformance with the AHCCCS HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides  Trading Partner Agreements, and the AHCCCS Encounter Manual (42 CFR.438.606).    

17.2.10 
 Require subcontracted providers to utilize electronic transactions to ensure inter-operability and transmission compatibility across the various providers  management information systems.    

17.2.11 
 Make available all components of its MIS system for review or audit upon request by ADHS/DBHS. The Contractor s MIS or any component thereof is subject to ADHS/DBHS approval if ADHS/DBHS determines that the system
cannot be sustained or is unable to comply with the requirements of this Contract.        

17.2.12 
 Develop and maintain security precautions for email transmission in accordance with HIPAA and consistent with ADHS/DBHS  systems and encryption methods. Security precautions shall be compatible with Secure Sockets
Layer (SSL) encryption for File Transfer Protocol (FTP) and Global Certs Gateway for secure e-mail.        

17.2.13 
 Have a current antivirus patch system process for security updates and a log to record the updates.        

17.2.14 
 Retain an independent third party to perform a HIPAA security and privacy audit, initially no later than ninety (90) days prior to the Contract Performance Start Date and completed prior to the first exchange of
ADHS/DBHS/AHCCCS data. Annual audits shall be performed in the same manner thereafter, and must include:        

17.2.14.1 
 A review of Contractor compliance with all security and privacy requirements. Contractor s audits shall be conducted in accordance with ACOM 108;    

17.2.14.2 
 Include a review of Contractor policies and procedures to verify that appropriate security requirements have been adequately incorporated into the Contractor s business practices, and the production processing
systems;        

17.2.14.3.1 
 Findings report and as necessary a corrective action plan, detailing all issues and discrepancies between the security requirements and the Contractor s policies, practices and systems. The corrective action plan
must also include timelines for corrective actions related to all issues or discrepancies identified.        

17.2.14.3.2 
 Findings and corrective action plan and must be submitted to ADHS/DBHS for review and approval. ADHS/DBHS will verify that the required audit has been completed and the approved corrective action plan is in place.
   
      144  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.2.15 
 Agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the State of Arizona and AHCCCS from any and all claims or liabilities, including but not limited to consequential damages, reimbursements or erroneous billings and reimbursements
of attorney fees incurred as a consequence of any error, omission, deletion or erroneous insert caused by the Contractor in the submitted input data. Neither the State of Arizona nor AHCCCS shall be responsible for any incorrect or delayed
payment to the Contractor s providers (subcontractors) resulting from such error, omission, deletion, or erroneous input data caused by the Contractor in the submission of AHCCCS claims.    

17.2.16 
 Upon request, the Contractor shall provide to ADHS and AHCCCS PCP assignments in an AHCCCS prescribed electronic data exchange format.    

17.3  
  Management Information System (MIS)       The Contractor shall establish and maintain an MIS
that:      

17.3.1 
 Collects, analyzes, integrates, and reports data. The Management Information System should have the capability to interface with a provider s EHR to collect demographic data for submission to ADHS/DBHS. For those
providers who do not have an EHR, Contractor shall offer technical assistance to help them to obtain the ability to collect demographic data using an EHR or similar technology.   

17.3.2 
 Integrates member demographic data, provider information, service provision, claims submission and reimbursement data.        

17.3.4 
 At a minimum, collects and processes information on client demographics; service utilization; provider claim disputes and appeals; member grievances and appeals; and complies with ADHS/DBHS  data processing and
interface requirements in the following documents in Exhibit 7:        

17.3.4.1 
 Client Information System (CIS) File Layouts and Specifications Manual;        

17.3.4.5 
 ADHS/DBHS Office of Grievances and Appeals Database Manual Docket Tracking Application Users Guide; and        
 
      145  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.3.5 
 Utilizes electronic transactions in conformance with HIPAA,  meaningful use  and/or HL7 requirements including the Continuity of Care Document (CCD) format, or any other transmission standard as instructed by
ADHS/DBHS.        

17.3.6 
 Sends and receives data and information to and from other agencies.        

17.3.7 
 Sends and receives data and information to and from ADHS/DBHS related to member outcomes, patient records, individual service plans, staffing ratios, service referrals, network capacity, initial assessment and updates
to the assessment, ADHS/DBHS  annual administrative review subcontracted provider performance measures and dashboard performance reports.        

17.3.8 
 Performs regularly scheduled comprehensive backup of all member data in accordance with HIPAA.    
 ADHS/DBHS shall:      

17.3.9 
 Provide Contractor with at least ninety (90) days  notice before implementing a change to its MIS system unless ADHS/DBHS determines that the system change must be implemented sooner, and in that instance, provide
Contractor with as much notice as possible under the circumstances.        

17.3.10 
 Maintain access privileges and user-rights to any and all member information within Contractor s MIS system, and that of any MIS/EHR system operated by a subcontracted provider. At a minimum, ADHS/DBHS shall be
permitted real-time access to client level demographics, claims and billing, service planning, assessment, and grievance and appeal data.        

17.4  
  Data and Document Management Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

17.4.1 
 Exchange data with ADHS/DBHS to comply with the information requirements of this Contract and to support the data elements in ADHS/DBHS specified formats, which includes at a minimum those required or covered by HIPAA
as detailed in the following documents in Exhibit 7:        

17.4.1.1 
 AHCCCS HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides   Trading Partner Agreements;        

17.4.1.3 
 Client Information System (CIS) File Layouts and Specifications Manual.        

17.4.2 
 Comply with all data submission standards required by this Contract and accept ADHS/DBHS rejection of data submissions that are not in compliance with these standards.    

17.4.3 
 Be responsible for any incorrect data, delayed submission or payment to Contractors or subcontractors and pay financial sanctions imposed due to any error, omission, deletion, or erroneous insert caused by
Contractor s data submission.       

17.4.4 
 Be responsible for identifying and immediately reporting any inconsistencies upon receipt of data from ADHS/DBHS.       

17.4.5 
 Bear the cost to make any adjustments to correct its records due to any unreported inconsistencies subsequently discovered.    
      146  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.5  
  System and Data Integration Requirements       The Contractor shall through its Management
Information System:      

17.5.1 
 Receive, accept, and integrate SMI Determinations for members from an ADHS/DBHS-contracted agency.        

17.5.2 
 Load on a recurring basis a claims data file generated by AHCCCS, of physical health claims and encounters for all General Mental Health, Children and non-integrated members with serious mental illness
enrolled with the Contractor for purposes of member care coordination.        

17.6  
  Contractor User Registration and Access to ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS Systems       The Contractor
shall:      

17.6.1 
 Identify staff that will utilize the PMMIS system, the Grievance and Appeals database, ADHS/DBHS FTP Server and ADHS/DBHS Client Information System.    

17.6.2 
 Notify ADHS/DBHS to obtain log-on clearance for identified staff.        

17.6.3 
 Notify ADHS/DBHS within twenty-four (24) hours of staff s termination to discontinue user access rights for the terminated employee.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.7.1 
 Accept and generate required HIPAA compliant electronic transactions to or from any provider or a provider s assigned representative interested in and capable of electronic submission of eligibility verifications,
claims for processing, claims status verifications or prior authorizations, or the receipt of electronic remittance advice.       

17.7.2 
 Have the ability to make claims payments via electronic funds transfer and to accept electronic claims attachments.        

17.7.3 
 At a minimum, receive and process sixty per cent (60%) of each type of claim (professional, institutional and dental) electronically, based on volume of actual claims processed excluding claims processed by Pharmacy
Benefit Managers (PBMs).        

17.7.4 
 At a minimum, produce and distribute sixty per cent (60%) of remittance advices electronically.        

17.7.6 
 Use the Manual Payment Transaction in addition to the daily enrollment transaction update to update its member records AHCCCS also produces a daily Manual Payment Transaction as outlined in the AHCCCS Technical
Interface Guidelines, available on the AHCCCS website, which identifies enrollment or disenrollment activity that was not included on the daily enrollment transaction update due to internal edits.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.8.1 
 Comply with all notification and submission requirements in Section 18.21, Material Change to Operations, when making changes or makes major upgrades to its information systems affecting claims processing, or any other
major business component.    
      147  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.8.2 
 Develop a plan when changing or making major upgrades to the information systems affecting the MIS, claims processing, or any other major business component, which includes a timeline, milestones, and adequate testing
before implementation. At least six (6) months before the anticipated implementation date, the Contractor shall provide the system change plan to ADHS/DBHS for review and comment.    

17.9  
  Participation in Information Systems Work Groups/Committees       Health Information
Exchange:      

17.9.1 
 The Contractor is required to contract with Health Information Network of Arizona (HINAz) as a data user.       

17.9.2 
 To further the integration of technology based solutions and the meaningful use of electronic health records within the system of care, AHCCCS/ADHS will increase opportunities for providers and Contractors to utilize
technological functions for processes that are necessary to meet Medicaid requirements. Expanding the adoption may reduce total spending on health care by diminishing the number of inappropriate tests and procedures, reducing paperwork and
administrative overhead, and decreasing the number of adverse events resulting from medical errors. The Contractor will actively participate in offering information and providing provider support and education to further expand provider
adoption and use of health information technology. It is AHCCCS/ADHS  expectation that the Contractor review operational processes to reduce provider hassle factors by implementing technological solutions for those providers utilizing
electronic health records and to incentivize providers to implement and meaningfully use health information technology as a standard of doing business with the AHCCCS/ADHS program. AHCCCS/ADHS also anticipates establishing minimum standards, goals
and requirements related to operational areas where improved efficiencies or effectiveness could be achieved. AHCCCS/ADHS anticipates accelerating statewide Health Information Exchange (HIE) participation for all Medicaid providers and
Contractors by:        

17.9.2.1 
 Supporting care coordination between physical and behavioral health providers        

17.9.2.2 
 Launching an HIE onboarding program for high volume Medicaid hospitals, Federally Qualified Health Centers, Rural Health Clinics and Look-a-Likes    

17.9.2.3 
 Supporting the acceleration of electronic prescribing by Arizona Medicaid providers        

17.9.2.4 
 Joining the State level HIE for governance, policy making, and information technology service offerings        

17.9.2.5 
 Supporting increased Contractor use of the Network (State HIE) to improve health outcomes        

17.9.2.6 
 Identifying value-based purchasing opportunities that link with a providers adoption and use of Health IT        

17.9.3 
   The Contractor is expected to encourage that eligible hospitals and eligible professionals continue to move
through the Meaningful Use continuum, accelerate     
      148  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

provider statewide HIE participation, and increase use and support of the HIT/HIE. The Contractor is expected to collaborate with AHCCCS and Arizona Health-e Connection and The Network to
target efforts to specific areas where HIT and HIE can bring significant change and progress including efforts focused on:        

17.9.3.4 
 Coordination with the American Indian Health Program        

17.10  
  Enrollment and Eligibility Data Exchange       The enrollment transaction update identifying
new members and changes to existing members  demographic, eligibility and enrollment data to update its member records and is produced daily. The daily enrollment transaction update, that is run immediately prior to the monthly enrollment
and capitation transaction, is referred to as the  last daily  and will contain all rate code changes made for the prospective month, as well as any new enrollments and disenrollments as of the 1st of the prospective month.  
 The monthly enrollment and monthly capitation transaction updates are generally produced two days before the end of every month. The
update will identify the total active population for the Contractor as of the first day of the next month. These updates contain the information used by AHCCCS to produce the monthly capitation payment for the next month. The Contractor
must reconcile their member files with the AHCCCS monthly update. After reconciling the monthly update information, the Contractor will record the results of the reconciliation, which will be made available upon request, and will resume posting
daily updates beginning with the last two days of the month. The last two daily updates are different from the regular daily updates in that they pay and/or recoup capitation into the next month. If the Contractor detects an error through
the monthly update process, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS, Information Services Division.    The Contractor shall:  

17.10.1 
 Accept and utilize electronic Client Eligibility/Enrollment Information, in 834 CMS-Prescribed version standard formats for eligible members in conformance with the Client Information System (CIS) File Layouts and
Specifications Manual.        

17.10.2 
 Require subcontracted providers to collect enrollment information in the 834 CMS-Prescribed version standard formats for Non-Title XIX/XXI eligible members.    

17.10.3 
 Submit enrollment information in the 834 CMS-Prescribed version standard formats for Non-Title XIX/XXI eligible members to ADHS/DBHS.    
      149  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.10.4 
 Share information, including the applicant s behavioral health history and SMI status, as needed with AHCCCS/SSI-MAO to assist in the Title XIX/XXI eligibility determination.   

17.10.5 
 Support member retention efforts by utilizing the monthly electronic file of all physical health care members who must complete a review of their eligibility in order to maintain enrollment with the Contractor.

17.11  
  Claims and Encounter Submission and Processing Requirements       Complete, accurate and
timely reporting of encounter data is crucial to the success of the program. Encounter data is used to set fee-for-service and capitation rates, determine reconciliation amounts, determine disproportionate share payments to hospitals, and to
determine compliance with performance standards. The Contractor shall submit encounter data to AHCCCS for all services for which the Contractor incurred a financial liability and claims for services eligible for processing by the Contractor where no
financial liability was incurred including services provided during prior period coverage. This requirement is a condition of the CMS grant award [(42 CFR 438.242 (b) (1)); (42 CFR 455.1 (a) (2))]  
 The Contractor shall:      

17.11.1 
 Prepare, review, verify, certify and submit encounters for consideration to AHCCCS. Upon submission the Contractor certifies that the services listed were actually rendered. The encounters must be submitted in the
format prescribed by AHCCCS. With each encounter data submission, include a written attestation from the Contractor s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or Chief Financial Officer (CFO) that based on his or her best knowledge, information and
belief, the encounter data is accurate, complete and truthful.        

17.11.2 
 Submit claims and encounters to AHCCCS in conformance with the CIS File Layouts and Specifications Manual, ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual, the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Submitting Claims
and Encounters to the RBHA, the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide, and the AHCCCS Encounter manual.        

17.11.3 
 Submit claims and encounters to AHCCCS as outlined in the X12 and NCPDP HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides   Trading Partner Agreements, the AHCCCS Encounter Manual including, but not limited to, inclusion of data
to identify the physician who delivers services to patients per Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xi)) of the Social Security Act, no later than two hundred and forty (240) days after the end of the month in which the service was rendered, or the effective date
of the enrollment with the Contractor, whichever date is later. Requirements for the encounter data are described in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual and the AHCCCS Encounter Companion Guides.    

17.11.4 
   Submit pharmacy related encounter data and other encounters involving services eligible Federal Drug Rebate
processing to AHCCCS no later than thirty (30) days after the end of the quarter in which the pharmaceutical item was dispensed. The Contractor must report information on the total number of units of each dosage form and strength and package size by
National Drug Code of each covered outpatient drug dispensed (other than covered outpatient drugs that under subsection (j)(1) of Section 1927 of the Social Security Act [42 USCS   1396r-8] are not subject to the requirements of that section)
and such other data as required by AHCCCS (Section1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006). See Exhibit 1, Definitions, for an explanation of  Pharmacy Encounter Data . Require subcontracted providers to submit
claims or encounters in conformance with the     
      150  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

ADHS/DBHS Policy on Submitting Claims and Encounters to the RBHA, the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual, the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide,
the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide for the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona , the CIS File Layouts and Specifications Manual requirements and in accordance with HIPAA for each covered service delivered to a member.

17.11.5 
 Inform subcontracted providers that if the Subcontractor does not bill the Contractor (e.g., Subcontractor is capitated), the Subcontractor s encounter data that is required to be submitted to the Contractor
pursuant to contract is defined for these purposes as a  claim for payment . The Subcontractor s provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of
payment. All said claims shall be subject to review under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, Rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute (A.R.S.)  36-2918.    

17.11.6 
 Comply with all timeliness, accuracy and omission of data requirements for processing encounters in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual and be subject to financial
sanction for non-compliance with encounter or claim submission standards.        

17.11.7.3 
 To accurately adjudicate encounters in conformance with AHCCCS and ADHS/DBHS requirements; and        

17.11.9 
 Monitor encounter submissions on a monthly basis by, at a minimum, comparing encounter production to monthly revenue distributed to providers factoring in encounter lag time.   

17.11.10 
 Identify and respond to a provider s over or under production of encounters in a timely manner.        

17.11.11 
 Monitor encounter production by service delivery site and have procedures in place to respond to outliers. Unit values shall reasonably align with general market conditions.    

17.11.12 
 Collect data in standardized format to the extent feasible and appropriate, verify the accuracy and timeliness of reported data, and screen the data for completeness, logic, and consistency (42 CFR 438.242(b)(2)).

17.11.13 
 Utilize the Contractor assigned Transmission Submission Number (TSN) for encounter submissions. The Contractor may elect to obtain additional TSNs based upon processing or tracking needs.    

17.11.14 
   Covered outpatient drugs dispensed to individuals eligible for medical assistance who are enrolled with the
Contractor shall be subject to the same rebate requirements as the State is subject under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act; the State shall collect such rebates from manufacturers. (Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and
SMD letter 10-006) To ensure AHCCCS compliance with this     
      151  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

requirement, pharmacy related encounter data and other encounters involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing must be provided to AHCCCS no later than thirty (30) days after
the end of the quarter in which the pharmaceutical item was dispensed. The Contractor must report information on the total number of units of each dosage form and strength and package size by National Drug Code of each covered outpatient drug
dispensed (other than covered outpatient drugs that under subsection (j)(1) of Section 1927 of the Social Security Act [42 USCS   1396r-8] are not subject to the requirements of that section) and such other data as required by AHCCCS
(Section1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006).        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.12.1 
 Submit reports to ADHS/DBHS for tracking, trending, reporting process improvement and monitoring submissions of encounters and encounter revisions in conformance with the AHCCCS Encounter Manual or as directed by
ADHS/DBHS (42 CFR 438.242(b)(3)).        

17.12.2 
 Enhance the accuracy of its encounter reporting by loading periodic (no less than twice monthly) data files containing provider and medical coding information as defined in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual.

17.12.3 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS in monitoring Contractor s encounters adjudication accuracy against the Contractor s internal criteria.    

17.12.4 
 Develop and maintain a system for monitoring and reporting the completeness of encounters and encounter data received from subcontractors and providers.    

17.12.5 
 Submit the Quarterly Fee for Service Check Register Review report ten (10) business days after the first (1st) of the month following the quarter to be reviewed per the ADHS/DBHS Operations and Procedures Manual.

17.12.6 
 Accept, on a monthly basis, encounter reconciliation files containing the prior eighteen (18) months of approved, voided, plan-denied, pended and AHCCCS-denied encounters received and processed by
AHCCCS.       

17.12.7 
 Utilize the encounter reconciliation files to compare the encounter financial data reported with the plan claims data, and to validate the completeness of submitted encounters as compared to processed claims.
       
   The Contractor shall:  

17.13.1 
 Monitor and resolve pended encounters, encounters denied by AHCCCS, and encounters voided and voided/replaced in conformance with established encounter performance standards in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual.

17.13.2 
 Be subject to corrective action or financial sanctions for poor overall encounter performance or if completeness, accuracy and timeliness rates that fall below the established standards (pended encounters that have
pended for more than one hundred and twenty (120) days).        

17.13.3 
 Submit replacement or voided encounters for claims subsequently corrected following the initial encounter submission, whether as a result of inaccuracies identified by fraud and abuse audits or investigations conducted
by ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS, in conformance with the AHCCCS Encounter Manual and as follows:        
 
      152  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.13.3.2 
 Submit replacement encounters for a recoupment that results in a reduced claim value or adjustments that result in an increased claim value; and   

17.13.3.3 
 Submit replacement encounters for those recoupments requiring approval from ADHS/DBHS within one hundred and twenty (120) days of the approval.    

17.14  
  AHCCCS Encounter Data Validation Study (EDVS)       Per the CMS requirement, AHCCCS will
conduct encounter validation studies of the Contractor s encounter submissions, and may sanction the Contractor and/or require a corrective action plan for noncompliance with encounter submission requirements. The purpose of encounter
validation studies is to compare recorded utilization information from a medical record or other source with the Contractor s submitted encounter data. Any and all covered services may be validated as part of these studies. The criteria used in
encounter validation studies may include timeliness, correctness and omission of encounters. Refer to the AHCCCS Data Validation Technical Document for further information.  
 ADHS may revise study methodologies, timeliness, and sanction amounts based on agency review or as a result of consultations with AHCCCS. The
Contractor will be notified in writing of any significant change in study methodologies.    The Contractor shall:  

17.14.1 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS to conduct at minimum, an annual encounter data validation study for any and all covered services on Contractor s encounter submissions to compare recorded utilization
information from a medical record or other source with the Contractor s submitted encounter data.        

17.14.2 
 Be subject to sanctions for failure to meet the criteria used in encounter data validation studies, which may include timeliness, correctness, and omission of encounters as described in Exhibit 7, AHCCCS Data Validation
Technical Assistance Document.        

17.14.3 
 Comply with any revisions made by ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS to the study methodology, timelines, and sanction amounts based on agency review or as a result of consultations with CMS. The Contractor will be notified in writing
of any significant change in study methodology.        

17.14.4 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS in special reviews of encounter data, such as comparing encounter reports to the Contractor s claims files.    

17.14.5 
 Conduct encounter data validation studies of its subcontractors, in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Operations and Procedures Manual, at least on a quarterly basis to verify that all services provided to members are
reported accurately, timely and documented in the member s medical record.        

17.14.6 
 Conduct targeted encounter data validation studies of its subcontractors that are not in compliance with ADHS/DBHS or Contractor s encounter submission requirements and document and provide the findings to
ADHS/DBHS upon request.        
 
      153  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.14.8 
 Provide the Bureau of Corporate Compliance a complete schedule of their onsite data validation reviews (Corporate Compliance Ride Along Program) at least five (5) days after the quarter starts. The Contractor shall
include:        

17.14.8.4 
 The address where the review will be performed in accordance with Exhibit 9 of this Contract.        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.15.1 
 Develop and maintain a HIPAA compliant claims processing and payment system capable of processing, cost avoiding and paying claims in accordance with this Contract, federal regulations, A.R.S.   36-2903;
36-2904 and A.A.C.R9-22 that, at a minimum, shall:        

17.15.1.1 
 Adapt to updates in order to support future AHCCCS claims requirements as needed;        

17.15.1.2 
 Utilize nationally recognized methods to correctly pay claims, including the Medicaid Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI) for Professional, ASC and Outpatient Services; Multiple Procedures/Surgical Reductions; and, Global
Day E   M Bundling Standards; and        

17.15.1.3 
 Assess and apply data-related edits for Benefit Package Variations; Timeliness Standards; Data Accuracy; Adherence to ADHS/DBHS and AHCCCS Policy; Provider Qualifications; Member Eligibility and Enrollment, and;
Over-Utilization Standards.        

17.15.2 
 Produce a remittance advice that describes Contractor s payments and denials to providers, including the following:        

17.15.2.1 
 A detailed explanation/description of all denials, payments and adjustments;        

17.15.3 
 Additionally, the Contractor must include information in its remittance advice which informs providers of instructions and timeframes for the submission of claim disputes and corrected claims. All paper remittance
advices must describe this information in detail. Electronic remittance advices must either direct providers to the link where this information is explained or include a supplemental file where this information is explained.    
      154  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.15.4 
 Send the related remittance advice with the payment, unless the payment is made by electronic funds transfer (EFT), which in that instance, must be mailed, or sent to the provider, no later than the date of the EFT.

17.15.5 
 Submit upon request by a provider, an electronic Health Care Claim Payment/Advice 835 transaction in accordance with HIPAA requirements and comply with the requirements in Section 17.15.2 when sending remittance advices
along with payment to providers.        

17.15.6 
 Develop an integrated claims payment system capable of concurrently handling all physical, behavioral health and Medicare related claims.    

17.15.7 
 Comply with HIPAA securing measurements and monitor subcontractor performance and compliance.        

17.15.8 
 Require subcontracted providers to obtain a National Provider Identifier (NPI).        
   E-Prescribing is an effective tool to
improve members  health outcomes and reduce costs. Benefits afforded by the electronic transmission of prescription-related information include, but are not limited to: reduced medication errors, reductions of drug and allergy interactions and
therapeutic duplication, and increased prescription accuracy, in accordance with ACOM Policy 321.      
   Submit the Prescription Origin Code and Fill Number
(Original or Refill Dispensing) on all pharmacy encounter records, as outlined in the AHCCCS NCPDP Post Adjudicated History Transaction Companion Guide, in order for ADHS and AHCCCS to measure the Contractor s success.  
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.16.1 
 Process claims in accordance with the Claim Processing Requirements detailed in the AHCCCS Contractors Operations Manual and ADHS requirements.    

17.16.2 
 Process claims, prior authorization and concurrent reviews in a manner that minimizes the likelihood of having to recoup already-paid claims.    

17.16.3 
 Train its staff on HIPAA requirements for electronic Health Care Claim Payment/Advice 835 transaction and require subcontracted providers to provide the same training to staff responsible for claims processing.

17.16.4 
 Post claims inquiry information to providers on the Contractor s web site.        

17.16.5 
   Unless a shorter time period is specified in contract, not pay a claim initially submitted more than six (6)
months after the date of service or pay a clean claim submitted more than twelve (12) months after date of service; or date of eligibility posting, whichever is later; except as directed by ADHS/DBHS or otherwise noted in this Contract. Claim
payment requirements apply to both contracted and non-contracted providers. The receipt date of the claim is the date stamp on the claim or the date electronically received. The receipt date is the day the claim is received at the
Contractor s specified claim mailing address, received through direct electronic submission to the Contractor, or received by the Contractor s designated Clearinghouse. The paid date
    
      155  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

of the claim is the date on the check or other form of payment (42 CFR 447.45(d)). Claims submission deadlines shall be calculated from the claim end date or the effective date of
eligibility posting, whichever is later in conformance with A.R.S.   36-2904(H).        

17.16.6 
 Adjudicate ninety-five per cent (95%) of all clean claims within thirty (30) days of receipt of the clean claim and adjudicate ninety-nine per cent (99%) within sixty (60) days of receipt of the clean claim for each
form type (Dental/Professional/Institutional)       

17.16.8 
 In accordance with A.R.S.  36-2904 the Contractor is required to reimburse providers of hospital and non hospital services at the AHCCCS fee schedule in the absence of a contract or negotiated rate. This
requirement applies to services which are directed out of network by the Contractor or to emergency services. For inpatient stays at urban hospitals pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2905.01 for non-emergency services, the Contractor is required to
reimburse non-contracted providers at 95% of the AHCCCS fee schedule specified in A.R.S.  36-2903.01. All payments are subject to other limitations that apply, such as provider registration, prior authorization, medical necessity, and
covered service.        

17.16.10 
 Report interest paid in conformance with the AHCCCS Encounter Manual.        

17.16.12 
 Obtain ADHS/DBHS  prior approval for any individual recoupment in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) per provider within a contract year.    

17.16.13 
 Notify ADHS/DBHS of any cumulative recoupment greater than fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) per provider Tax Identification Number per contract year.    

17.16.14 
 Not recoup funds from a provider later than twelve (12) months after the date of original payment on a clean claim without prior approval of ADHS/DBHS in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support
Operations and Procedures Manual and the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Claims Reprocessing Policy.        

17.16.15 
 Reimburse providers for recouped funds if the provider was subsequently denied payment by the primary insurer based on timely filing limits or lack of prior authorization and the member failed to initially disclose
additional insurance coverage other than Medicaid, provided that the provider made an initial timely claim to the Contractor.        

17.16.16 
 Require a provider to have ninety (90) days from the date the provider becomes aware that payment will not be made to submit a new claim and documentation from the primary insurer that payment will not be
made. Documentation includes but is not limited to any of the following items establishing that the primary insurer has or would deny payment based on timely filing limits or lack of prior authorization: an EOB; policy or procedure; or the
Contractor s Provider Manual excerpt.    
      156  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.16.17 
 Process the provider s claim consistent with the final agency decision, applicable statutes, rules, policies, and Contract terms when a final agency decision is made to deny, limit, or delay authorization of
services, and the member received the disputed services while an appeal was pending.       

17.16.18 
 Require the provider to have ninety (90) days from the date of the final agency decision to submit a clean claim for payment and not deny claims as untimely if submitted within the ninety (90) day timeframe.

17.16.19 
 Not deny claims submitted as a result of a final agency decision because the member failed to request continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process.    

17.16.20 
 Regardless of any subcontract with an AHCCCS Contractor, when one AHCCCS Contractor recoups a claim because the claim is the payment responsibility of another AHCCCS Contractor (responsible Contractor), the provider may
file a claim for payment with the responsible Contractor. The responsible Contractor shall not deny a claim on the basis of lack of timely filing if the provider submits a clean claim to the responsible Contractor no later than sixty (60) days from
the date of the recoupment, twelve (12) months from the date of service, or twelve (12) months from date that eligibility is posted, whichever date is later.        

17.16.21 
 For hospital clean claims, in the absence of a contract specifying otherwise, a Contractor shall apply a quick pay discount of 1% on claims paid within thirty (30) days of receipt of the clean claim. For hospital clean
claims, in the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a Contractor is required to pay slow payment penalties (interest) on payments made after sixty (60) days of receipt of the clean claim. Interest shall be paid at the rate
of 1% per month for each month or portion of a month from the sixty-first (61st) day until the date of payment (A.R.S.  36-2903.01).        

17.16.22 
 For all non-hospital clean claims, in the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a Contractor is required to pay interest on payments made after forty-five (45) days of receipt of the clean claim (as
defined in this contract). Interest shall be at the rate of 10% per annum (prorated daily) from the forty-sixth (46th) day until the date of payment.        

17.16.23 
 In the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a claim for an authorized service submitted by a licensed skilled nursing facility, assisted living ALTCS provider or a home and community based ALTCS
provider shall be adjudicated within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Contractor. A Contractor is required to pay interest on payments made after thirty (30) days of receipt of the clean claim. Interest shall be paid at the rate
of 1% per month (prorated on a daily basis) from the date the clean claim is received until the date of payment (A.R.S.  36-2943.D).        

17.16.24 
 The Contractor shall pay interest on all claim disputes as appropriate based on the date of the receipt of the original clean claim submission (not the claim dispute).    

17.16.25 
 When interest is paid, the Contractor must report the interest as directed in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual and the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide.    
      157  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

17.17.1 
 Submit to ADHS/DBHS a monthly Claims Dashboard in conformance with the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide, as specified in the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual, the AHCCCS
Program Integrity Reporting Guide, and the Number of Claims and Amounts Paid Report.        

17.17.2 
 When directed by ADHS/DBHS, review claim requirements, including billing rules and documentation requirements, and submit a report to ADHS/DBHS in an ADHS/DBHS approved format that includes the rationale for the
requirements.        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.18.1 
 Develop and implement an internal claims audit function that will include the following at a minimum:        

17.18.2 
 Perform audits of provider contract terms on a regular and periodic basis using a random, statistically significant (90/10) sample of all contracts in effect at the time of the audit.    

17.18.3 
 Document the audit sampling methodology in policy and review the contract loading of all providers at least once in every five (5) year period in addition to any time a provider contract change is initiated during that
timeframe.        

17.18.4 
 Document the findings of audits and initiate corrective action for deficiencies.        

17.18.5 
 In the event of a system change or update, or when directed by ADHS/DBHS, participate and cooperate with an independent audit of its Claims Payment/Management Information System.   

17.18.6 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS in developing the scope of an audit in Section 17.18.5 to include areas such as a verification of eligibility and enrollment information loading, contract information management (contract
loading and auditing), claims processing and encounter submission processes.       
     
   The Contractor shall:  

17.19.1 
 Submit behavioral health member demographic data to ADHS/DBHS in the CCD format as specified in the CIS File Layout and Specifications Manual and according to the submission timelines in the ADHS/DBHS Policy on
Enrollment, Disenrollment and Other Data Submission, the DBHS Demographic and Outcome Data Set User Guide and the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual.    

158  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

17.20  
  Grievance, Appeals, and Claims Dispute Data Submissions       The Contractor shall:  

17.20.1 
 Submit grievance, appeal, request for hearing information and provider claim dispute information into the ADHS/DBHS Office of Grievances and Appeals database in accordance with Office of Grievances and Appeals Database
Manual.        

17.20.2 
 Stipulate that all claim disputes must be adjudicated in Arizona, including those claim disputes arising from claims processed by an Administrative Services Subcontractor.    

17.20.3 
 Specify a physical local address in Arizona for the submission of all provider claim disputes and hearing requests.        

17.20.4 
 Submit initial and updated entries in the ADHS/DBHS Office of Grievances and Appeals database within three (3) working days of an event requiring entry.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.21.1 
 Respond to any ad hoc electronic data submission, processing or review requests from ADHS/DBHS.   
 ADHS/DBHS shall:      

17.21.2 
 When possible, provide at least a thirty (30) day notification for any ad hoc electronic data requests.        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.22.1 
 Sign and date The Security Rule Compliance Checklist by the Chief Executive Officer or the designee verifying that the security rule requirements for administrative, physical, and technical safeguards are in place. This
checklist will be submitted on an annual basis to ADHS/DBHS.        

18  
  ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS         
   The Contractor shall:  

18.1.1 
 Review all policies and procedures at least annually and revise when necessary to reflect current practices. Reviewed policies shall be dated and signed by the Contractor s appropriate manager, coordinator,
director or administrator. Minutes reflecting the review and approval of the policies by an appropriate committee are also acceptable documentation.       

18.1.2 
 Obtain Medical Director approval for all medical and quality management policies.        

18.1.3 
 Obtain ADHS/DBHS; approval for all policies including requirements, manuals or standards that affect Title XIX and/or Title XXI members prior to implementation (42 CFR 431.10).   

18.1.4 
 Collaborate with ADHS/DBHS to change a policy or procedure within a time period specified by ADHS/DBHS if ADHS/DBHS determines that a policy, procedure or process is inefficient, noncompliant, or places unnecessary
burden on members or providers.   
      159  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.1.5 
 Provide ADHS/DBHS with thirty (30) days advance written notice of changes to Contractor policies and procedures and comply with the notice requirements Section 18.20.    

18.1.6 
 Be subject to corrective action, sanctions or hiring of additional staff if Contractor is noncompliant with the requirements of this Contract.    

18.1.7 
 Allocate sufficient resources to comply with all Contract requirements.        

18.1.8 
 Give precedence to the requirements in this Contract in the event of any discrepancy between Documents Incorporated by Reference, Section 18.2, and the requirements in this Contract.    

18.1.9 
 Be aware that ADHS/DBHS may, at its discretion, communicate directly with the governing body or Parent Corporation of the Contractor regarding the performance of a subcontractor or Contractor respectively.

18.2  
  Documents Incorporated by Reference       Documents incorporated by reference, and any
subsequent amendments, modifications, and supplements adopted by or affecting ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS are incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Contract by reference.  
 The Contractor shall:      

18.2.1 
 Comply with the requirements in all Documents Incorporated by Reference, Exhibit 7.        

18.2.2 
 Receive notice from ADHS/DBHS when a change is made to a document incorporated by reference.       

18.2.3 
 Not be required to execute a written Contract amendment for changes to a document incorporated by reference.        

18.2.4 
 Have thirty (30) days from the date of notification to communicate to ADHS/DBHS any disagreement with the change. Contractor s notification does not preclude the requirement for Contractor to comply with the
change.       
   The Contractor shall:  

18.3.1 
 Operate as a single entity responsible for ensuring the delivery of medically necessary covered services for members.       

18.3.2 
 Provide all major administrative functions of a managed care health plan including but not limited to:       

160  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.3.3 
 Not delegate or subcontract key functions of health plan operations that are critical to the integration of behavioral and physical health care for members as set forth in Section 20.3.2, Management Services
Subcontracts, unless one entity under subcontract provides all of the delegated functions in Section 20.3.2 for both the Medicaid, which includes physical and behavioral health, and Medicare lines of business.    

18.3.4 
 Have organizational, management, staffing and administrative systems capable of meeting all Contract requirements with clearly defined lines of responsibility, authority, communication and coordination within, between
and among Contractor s departments, units or functional areas of operation.        

18.3.5 
 Develop and maintain written policies, procedures and job descriptions in a consistent format and style for each of the Contractor s functional areas including policies and procedures that instruct staff to comply
with all federal and state requirements, including federal and state laws that govern member rights (42 CFR 438.100(a)(1)).        

18.3.6 
 Maintain written guidelines for developing, reviewing and approving all policies, procedures and job descriptions for each of the Contractor s functional areas including guidelines for a bi-annual review of all job
descriptions to align job duties actually performed by the staff with written requirements.        

18.3.7 
 Require all staff, whether employed or under contract, to have the training, education, experience, orientation, and credentialing, as applicable, to perform assigned job duties.    

18.3.8 
 Provide initial and ongoing staff training that includes an overview of ADHS Policy and Procedure Manuals, and contract requirements and State and Federal requirements specific to individual job functions.

18.3.9.2 
 Within one (1) business day of staff termination with Contractor; and        

18.3.9.3 
 If staff is absent and unable to perform full-time responsibilities for a continuous period exceeding thirty (30) days.        

18.3.9.4.3 
 The name, contact information and qualifications of the interim staff responsible for meeting the contractual responsibilities of the position.    

18.3.10 
 Upon ADHS/DBHS request, submit a written plan for replacing staff.   
      161  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.3.11 
 Submit the name and resume of the permanent staff to ADHS/DBHS when hired along with a revised organizational chart.        

18.3.12 
 Immediately inform ADHS/DBHS verbally, and provide written notice to ADHS/DBHS within seven (7) days, after the date of a resignation or termination of any of the Liaison or Coordinator positions in Section 18.7 and
provide the name and contact information of the interim person that will be performing the staff member s duties.        

18.3.13 
 Obtain approval from ADHS/DBHS prior to moving any managed care functions outside of the State of Arizona.       

18.3.14 
 Submit the request for approval in Section 18.3.10 to ADHS/DBHS at least sixty (60) days prior to the proposed change and include a description of the processes in place that assure Contract compliance.

18.3.15 
 Maintain a significant and sufficient local presence within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona and a positive public image in Arizona, Section 18.5, Key Staff, Section 18.6, Organizational Staff,
Section 18.7 Liaisons and Coordinators.        

18.3.16 
 Participate in face-to-face meetings with ADHS/DBHS at least quarterly for purposes of assessing Contractor compliance and provide appropriate staff for attendance and participation in meetings and events scheduled by
ADHS/DBHS. Contractor s attendance at all meetings and events scheduled by ADHS/DBHS is mandatory unless otherwise indicated.        

18.3.17 
 Maintain an organization chart complete with the Key Staff positions. The chart must include the person s name, title, location and portion of time allocated to each Medicaid contract and other lines of business.

18.3.17.1 
 A functional organization chart of the key program areas, responsibilities and reporting lines.        

18.3.17.2 
 A crosswalk of Contractor Key Staff members and required staff positions.        

18.3.17.3.6 
 Confirmation of applicable Key Staff functions being filled by individuals which are in good standing, and        

18.3.17.3.7 
 A list of all Key Staff functions and their locations; and a list of any functions that have moved outside of the State of Arizona in the past contract year.    
      162  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.3.18 
 Provide ADHS/DBHS, no later than fifteen (15) days after Contract Performance Start Date and annually thereafter, the name, Social Security Number and date of birth of the Key Staff in Section 18.5 for purposes of
confirming that those individuals have not been banned or debarred from participating in federal programs (42 CFR 455.104).        

18.3.19 
 Have local staff available and on-call twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week to work with ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS to address urgent issue resolutions, emergency care, cases of an immediate jeopardy,
fires or other public emergency situations.        

18.3.20 
 Provide the available on-call staff with access to necessary information to identify:        

18.3.21 
 Provide ADHS/DBHS with the contact information for available on call staff including a telephone number or other means of contact.        

18.4  
  Peer Involvement and Participation       The Contractor shall:  

18.4.1 
 Require subcontractors and providers to include, to the extent possible, the participation of at least one (1) peer or family member during the interview process when hiring for all direct service staff positions and
Child members.        

18.4.2 
 Develop a process for members to have regular and ongoing input to assist in decision making, development, and enhancement of customer service at each provider site where case management services are
delivered.       

18.4.3 
 Develop a written description of the process for members to have regular and ongoing input in order to ensure that the community members have real decision making capacity and each committee has at least two community
members. The written description shall be submitted to ADHS/DBHS for review and approval; and        

18.4.4.1 
 A requirement that the members attend regular meetings with clinical leadership; and        
 
      163  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall have the following Key Staff to work full-time to
fulfill the responsibilities of the position in a location within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona which are dedicated to meeting the requirements of this Contract, unless otherwise noted:  

18.5.1.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.1.2 
 Has experience in the managed health care industry; and        

18.5.1.3 
 Is responsible for complying with Contract requirements, managing all aspects of Contractor s operations and assures compliance with federal and state laws.    

18.5.1.4 
 Oversee the entire operation to ensure adherence to program requirements and timely responses to ADHS/AHCCCS. The CEO must have the authority to direct and prioritize work, regardless of where performed.

18.5.2.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.2.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed certified public accountant or holds a post graduate degree in business or finance, or has equivalent experience;    

18.5.2.3 
 Is responsible to implement, oversee and manage the budget, accounting systems, all of Contractor s financial operations, and financial reporting implemented by ADHS/AHCCCS.    

18.5.3.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.3.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed physician, board-certified in psychiatry;        

18.5.3.3 
 Attends monthly ADHS/DBHS  Medical Director meetings;        

18.5.3.4 
 Develops, implements, interprets and approves clinical-medical policies and procedures;        

18.5.3.6 
 Reviews and make recommendations regarding physician and other prescribing clinician credentialing and reappointment applications;        

18.5.3.7 
 Oversees Provider profile design and interpretation;        

18.5.3.8 
 Is responsible for, actively involved and oversees the administration of all major clinical-medical programs including:        

18.5.3.8.1 
 All Medical Management and Quality Management components of the program;    
      164  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.5.3.8.2 
 Continuous assessment and improvement of the quality of care provided to members;        

18.5.3.8.4 
 Serves as the chairperson of the QM, MM, and Peer Review Committees with oversight of other medical/clinical committees;        

18.5.3.8.5 
 Oversees Provider education, in-service training and orientation; and        

18.5.3.8.6 
 Shall devote sufficient time to ensure timely clinical decisions, including after-hours consultation as needed.        

18.5.4.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.4.2 
 Is an Arizona licensed physician, board certified in a medical specialty;        

18.5.4.3 
 Is responsible for non-psychiatric, clinical medical programs;        

18.5.4.4 
 Attends AHCCCS  Medical Director meetings as scheduled; and        

18.5.4.5 
 Reports to the CMO and performs duties as directed by the CMO.        

18.5.5.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.5.3 
 Is located on-site and is available to all staff, with designated and recognized authority to access provider records and make independent referrals to the AHCCCS Office of Inspector General or other duly authorized
enforcement agencies;        

18.5.5.4 
 Is responsible for oversight, administration and implementation of the Contractor s Corporate Compliance Program; and        

18.5.5.5 
 Chairs Contractor s Corporate Compliance Committee;        

18.5.6.2 
 Arizona licensed general or pediatric dentist in good standing located in Arizona;    
      165  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.5.6.3 
 Reviews or denies dental services, provider consultation, utilization review,        

18.5.6.4 
 Participation in tracking and trending of quality of care issues as related to dental services;        

18.5.6.5 
 Is responsible for leading and coordinating dental activities and providing communication between the Contractor, ADHS and AHCCCS; and    

18.5.6.6 
 May be an employee or subcontractor of the RBHA, but may not be from the Contractor s delegated dental subcontractor.        

18.5.7.3 
 Oversees and administers the prescription drug and pharmacy benefits;        

18.5.7.4 
 The Pharmacy Coordinator/Director may be an employee or Contractor of the Plan.        
   The Contractor shall have the following Organizational Staff, one
person, per position, full-time, residing in or near the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona which are dedicated to meeting the requirements of this Contract:      

18.6.1 
 Integrated Health Care Development Officer:        

18.6.1.1 
 Is an individual with experience in behavioral and physical health care systems including familiarity with Medicaid and Medicare systems;    

18.6.1.2 
 Is responsible for coordinating and overseeing activities of Contractor s Integrated Health Care Office including the Integrated Health Care Plan; and    

18.6.1.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.2.2 
 Is responsible for clinical program development and oversight of service delivery;        

18.6.2.3 
 Acts as the single point of contact for coordination of care with system stakeholders including; ADES/DDD, ADES/DCYF, and other state agencies when necessary; and    

18.6.2.4 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.    
      166  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.3.1 
 Is an Arizona-licensed physician, board-certified in child/adolescent psychiatry, or board certified in general psychiatry;        

18.6.3.2 
 Is responsible for clinical-medical programs for children and adolescents and QM and UM/MM programs for children and adolescents; and    

18.6.3.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.4.2 
 Collaborates with child welfare, juvenile corrections, juvenile detention systems, and other child-serving agencies;        

18.6.4.3 
 Is responsible to oversee the children s service delivery system consistent with Exhibit 5, Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery; and    

18.6.4.4 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.5.1 
 Is responsible for implementing Contractor s Cultural Competency Program, the Cultural Competency Plan;        

18.6.5.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.5.5 
 Is responsible for developing and implementing training programs;        

18.6.5.8 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona        

18.6.6.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    
      167  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.6.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant or a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ) by the National Association for Health Care Quality (NAHQ) and/or Certified in
Health Care Quality and Management (CHCQM) by the American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Providers;        

18.6.6.3 
 Develops, implements, manages and oversees Contractor s QM plan in collaboration with the CMO and the Performance Quality Improvement Coordinator;    

18.6.6.4 
 Experience in quality management and quality improvement. Sufficient local staffing to meet the ADHS/AHCCCS quality management contractual and policy requirements must also be in place. Staff must report directly to the
Quality Management Administrator; and        

18.6.6.5.4 
 Investigates, evaluates resolves, tracks and trends quality of care concerns, and        

18.6.6.6 
 In addition, the Contractor must have sufficient, experienced quality management staff, who are licensed clinical or behavioral health professionals to meet the requirements of the quality management program.

18.6.7 
 Performance Quality Improvement Coordinator:        

18.6.7.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.7.2 
 Is a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ)/(CHCQM) or has comparable education and experience in health plan data and outcomes measurement. Any staff under this position must be sufficient to meet the
AHCCCS quality Improvement contractual and policy requirements. The primary functions of the Performance Quality Improvement Coordinator are:        

18.6.7.3 
 Is responsible for focusing organizational efforts on improving clinical quality performance measures;    
      168  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.7.4 
 Develops and implements performance improvement projects;        

18.6.7.5 
 Utilizes data to develop intervention strategies to improve outcomes; and        

18.6.8.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.8.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant if required to make medical necessity determinations, or has a Master s degree in health services, health care administration, or
business administration if not required to make medical necessity determinations; and        

18.6.8.3.1 
 Consistently applies appropriate inpatient and outpatient medical necessity criteria,        

18.6.8.3.2 
 Conducts appropriate concurrent review and discharge planning of inpatient stays,        

18.6.8.3.3 
 Develops, implements and monitors care coordination and care management functions,        

18.6.8.3.4 
 Monitors, analyzes and implements appropriate interventions based on utilization data, including identifying and correcting over or under utilization of services,    

18.6.8.3.5 
 Oversees Arizona licensed nurses, physicians or physician s assistants to coordinate prior authorization, certification and recertification of need functions twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per
week, and        

18.6.8.3.6 
 Performs and coordinates concurrent review and retrospective review, including PASRR requirements, and        

18.6.8.3.7 
 Monitors prior authorization functions and assures that decisions are made in consistent manner based on clinical criteria and meet timeliness standards as defined by the BBA.    

18.6.9.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.9.2 
 Manages and oversees systems for entry point access to the health care delivery system; and    
      169  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.9.3.1 
 Triage of all inquiries including information inquiries, service requests, crisis phone calls, complaints, grievances, appeals and quality of care issues, and    

18.6.9.3.2 
 Compliance with standards for resolution, telephone abandonment rates and telephone hold times.        

18.6.10.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.10.2 
 Manages and oversees network development, network sufficiency and network reporting functions;        

18.6.10.3 
 Is responsible for network provider adequacy and appointment access;        

18.6.10.6 
 Oversees timely inter-provider referrals and associated appointment access;        

18.6.11.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.11.3 
 Manages and oversees housing programs, including grants, special housing planning initiatives, and development and expansion of housing availability for members.    

18.6.12.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.12.3 
 Manages and oversees vocational rehabilitation and employment support programs; vocational, employment; and business development services.    
      170  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.13.1 
 Manages, oversees and is responsible for developing, maintaining and operating all components of Contractor s Management Information Systems, related systems and data interfaces.    

18.6.14.1 
 Manages, oversees and is responsible for all components and processes related to submitting timely and accurate claims and encounters; and assists with the prompt resolution of provider complaints and inquiries;

18.6.14.2 
 Facilitates the exchange of information between grievance, claims processing, and provider relations systems and providers; and        

18.6.14.3.1 
 Educates staff and providers on claims submission requirements, coding updates, electronic claims transactions and electronic fund transfer; and available Contractor resources such as provider manuals, web site and fee
schedules,        

18.6.14.3.2 
 Interfaces with the Contractor s call center to compile, analyze, and disseminate information from provider calls,        

18.6.14.3.3 
 Identifies trends and guides the development and implementation of strategies to improve provider satisfaction, and        

18.6.14.3.4 
 Communicates (ie telephonic and on site) with providers to assure the effective exchange of information and gain feedback regarding the extent to which providers are informed about appropriate claims submission
practices.        

18.6.15.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.15.2 
 Is a licensed attorney or has a juris doctor degree from an accredited institution;        

18.6.15.3 
 Manages, oversees, implements, administers and adjudicates member grievances and appeals, and provider claim disputes, arising under the Grievance System and for forwarding all member appeal requests for hearing to
AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS) with the requested information. The Grievance System Administrator and any staff under this position who manage and adjudicate disputes and appeals must be located in Arizona.    

18.6.15.4 
 Is prohibited from acting as or under the supervision of Contractor s in-house legal counsel, retained legal counsel, corporate counsel or risk management attorney.    
      171  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.16.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.16.2 
 Manages and oversees overall compliance with Contract requirements;        

18.6.16.5 
 Coordinates the execution of Contract requirements and related compliance actions, including ADHS/DBHS Administrative Reviews, audits, corrective actions and ad hoc visits.    

18.6.17.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.17.2 
 Builds partnerships with individuals, families, youth, and key stakeholders to promote recovery, resiliency and wellness;        

18.6.17.3 
 Establishes structure and mechanisms to increase the member and family voice in areas of leadership, service delivery and Contractor decision-making committees and boards;    

18.6.17.4 
 Advocates for service environments that are supportive, welcoming and recovery oriented by implementing Trauma Informed Care (TIC) service delivery approaches and other initiatives;    

18.6.17.5 
 Communicates and collaborates with members and families to identify concerns and remove barriers that affect service delivery or member satisfaction;    

18.6.17.6 
 Promotes the development and use of member and family support programs; and        

18.6.17.7 
 Collaborates with ADHS/DBHS  Office of Individual and Family Affairs.        

18.6.18.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.18.2 
 Responds to media inquiries and is responsible for public relations, social marketing and outreach activities;        
 
      172  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.18.4 
 Coordinates and oversees the distribution of information including the member handbook, provider handbook, brochures, newsletters and information on Contractor s web site; and    

18.6.18.5 
 Collaborates with ADHS/DBHS Communications Director and attends regular status updates and planning meetings as directed by ADHS/DBHS.   

18.6.19.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.19.3 
 Is responsible to address issues related to tribal structure and organization;        

18.6.19.4 
 Promotes services and programs to improve the health of American Indian members including coordination of care;        

18.6.19.5 
 Acts as the single point of contact regarding delivery of health services or any other issues concerning American Indians;        

18.6.19.6 
 Meet on a monthly basis to discuss with the ADHS tribal liaison and Tribal Contract Administrator; AHCCCS tribal liaison and American Indian Health Care program coordinator to discuss tribal care coordination; and

18.6.19.7 
 Assists in the planning and provide support to a Bi-annual statewide American Indian Behavioral Health Forum concerning issues that are specific to tribal behavioral health and physical health services.

18.6.20.1 
 Acts as the primary liaison to ADHS/DBHS Prevention Services; and       

18.6.20.2 
 Manages, oversees, implements and administrates Contractor s prevention services programs.        

18.6.21.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.21.2 
 Is an Arizona licensed nurse, physician or physician s assistant or has a Master s degree in health services, public health, health care administration or other related field, or a CPHQ or CHCQM Certification.
Any staff under this position must be sufficient to meet the AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT contractual and policy requirements and must be located in Arizona. Maternal Child Health (MCH)/EPSDT staff must either report directly to the MCH/EPSDT Coordinator or the
MCH/EPSDT Coordinator must have sufficient ability to ensure that AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT requirements are met. Sufficient local staffing under this position must be in place to meet quality and performance measure goals, and is responsible for the
following primary functions:        
 
      173  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.6.23.1 
 Who has significant experience and expertise in child welfare; including operations of the Department of Child Safety (DCS).        

18.6.23.2 
 Will serve as the interagency liaison with DCS, respond to DCS requests for RBHA support and serve as a single point of contact at the RBHA for DCS Staff and foster families.    
   
   The Contractor shall have a designated staff person to perform
the duties and responsibilities of each liaison and coordinator position as follows:      

18.7.1.1 
 Is responsible for the oversight of dental service delivery for SMI members age eighteen (18) through twenty (20);        

18.7.1.2 
 Is responsible for identification of available oral health community resources to members that do not have dental services coverage;    

18.7.1.3 
 Is responsible to collaborate with providers and other community resources to improve access to oral health care services for members that do not have dental services coverage; and    

18.7.2.1 
 Oversees AHCCCS  eligibility screening and referral requirements.        

18.7.3.1 
 Is the single point of contact with the Arizona State Hospital and ADHS/DBHS to coordinate admissions, ongoing care, and discharges for members in the Arizona State Hospital.    

18.7.4.1 
 Is the single point of contact with the regional Human Rights Committee (HRC) and the ADHS/DBHS Human Rights Committee Coordinator; and    

18.7.4.2 
 Is responsible to provide information to the HRC and attend HRC meetings.    
      174  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.7.5 
 Physical Health Plan and Provider Coordinator:        

18.7.5.1 
 Is the single point of contact regarding coordination of care with AHCCCS Health Plans and PCPs specifically to facilitate the sharing of clinical information for members not eligible to receive physical health care
services.        

18.7.6.1 
 Manages, oversees and coordinates inter-RBHA transfers, transfers from health plans, transfers to ALTCS contractors and transfers to other agencies or systems;    

18.7.6.2 
 Locates the member s affiliated clinical provider in the Contractor s system;        

18.7.6.3 
 Gathers, reviews and communicates clinical information requested by PCPs, Acute Care Plan Behavioral Health Coordinators, other treating professionals, and other involved stakeholders including providers under contract
with Division Child Safety and Family Services and ADES/DDD;       

18.7.6.4 
 Responds to and resolves administrative and programmatic issues identified or communicated by PCPs, Acute Care Plan Behavioral Health Coordinators, other treating professionals, and other involved stakeholders;

18.7.6.5 
 Problem solves case management and medical management issues;        

18.7.6.6 
 Identifies and addresses clinical issues requiring immediate attention; and        

18.7.6.7 
 Collaborates and coordinate with the Acute Care Health Plans regarding member specific issues or needs.        

18.7.7 
 Emergency Response/Business Continuity and Recovery Liaison:        

18.7.7.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona; and        

18.7.7.2 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate health response needs, recovery, and business functions in the event of a disaster, power outage or other event that causes a significant disruption in service delivery or
business operations.        

18.7.8.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    
      175  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.7.8.2 
 Is the single point of contact to communicate with the court and justice systems, including interaction with Mental Health Courts, Drug Courts, and other jail diversion programs; and    

18.7.9.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.7.9.2 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate care between the facility where the eligible member is detained, the health plan, RBHA, and providers;    

18.7.9.3 
 Shares information with the RBHA, health plan and providers to promote awareness of individual s condition(s) at the point of admission and discharge from the detaining facility, as well as communicates the terms
of the community release conditions;        

18.7.9.4 
 Assists individuals to find resources and services such as medication, housing, employment, behavioral health and physical health services;    

18.7.9.5 
 Participates in meetings via. telephone and teleconference, as needed; and        

18.7.9.6 
 Ensures services and supports needed to safely return to the community upon release for SMI individuals and GMH/SA Non-Dual individuals who have the following complicated medical needs:    

18.7.10.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    
      176  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.7.10.2 
 Is the single point of contact for information specific to the court s disposition for eligible members (i.e. Drug Court, Mental Health Court, Criminal Proceedings); and    

18.7.10.3 
 Communicates court related follow-up/requirements to the individual s health plan and/or RBHA.        

18.7.11.1 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate health information specific to Division Child Safety and Family Services eligible children in the CMDP Program; and    

18.7.11.2 
 Participates in meetings via telephone and teleconference, as needed.        

18.7.12.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.7.12.2 
 Ensures timely, comprehensive quality of care investigative processes including but not limited to onsite quality investigations.        

18.8  
  Training Program Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

18.8.1 
 Create and implement a comprehensive training program and framework to include: appropriate training, continuing education, technical assistance, workforce development opportunities, and various modalities of training
options to contractor and subcontractor personnel to promote and sustain a qualified, knowledgeable, skilled, and culturally competent workforce to successfully provide high quality services.    

18.8.2 
 Develop and implement an Annual Training Plan that tracks, monitors, and ensures effectiveness and documentation of all trainings and ensures inclusion of the following minimum requirements:    

18.8.2.1 
 Describes how the Contractor incorporates: Adult/Children s Guiding Principles, Adult Learning Methods, Culturally Relevant Practices, Provider, and Community/Stakeholder input in the development of training
curricula and the delivery of trainings;        

18.8.2.2 
 Approaches to gather input from stakeholder agencies, individuals, family members, and communities in the development of training curricula and delivery of training to meet the needs of the GSAs;    

18.8.2.3 
 Methods to ensure effectiveness of trainers by assessing skills and knowledge of content and detailing the availability of resources to effectively facilitate trainings;    

18.8.2.4 
 Strategies to identify training needs, quality concerns, evaluations, and analyses of training efforts on a quarterly, annually and as-needed basis to ensure high quality training procedures; and    
      177  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.8.2.5 
 Describes how a system wide training quality assurance process is incorporated, developed and maintained by using case file reviews, complaint data, utilization data, and grievance and appeal data to identify additional
technical assistance or training needs as applicable.        

18.8.3 
 Include culturally and linguistically appropriate components in each training topic to include culturally and linguistically appropriate standards, language access services, and culturally competent care for
underrepresented and or underserved individuals accessing and receiving services.        

18.8.4 
 Allocate financial resources to provide initial and ongoing training, technical assistance, and professional development (coaching/modeling) to all personnel, service providers, and members.    

18.8.5 
 Maintain a sufficient number of accessible qualified trainers who are subject matter experts in the training topic to effectively facilitate training sessions and develop training curriculums.    

18.8.6 
 Submit and demonstrate evidence of completion of all training requirements for personnel, service providers, and members, which may include but not limited to: the number of participants, participant completion lists,
training calendars, training curriculums, training assessments, and sign in sheets as part of ongoing reporting.        

18.8.7 
 Provide and track initial orientation and training for contractor and subcontractor staff to become knowledgeable and skilled with understanding, implementing, and operating in a health care delivery system to include
but not limited to: AHCCCS Overview; Assessment/Screening Tools; Clinical Protocols/Best Practices; Complaint/Grievance Processes; Confidentiality/HIPAA; Cultural Competency; Customer Service; Demographic Data Sets, Fraud, Waste, and Program Abuse;
Managed Care Concepts; Step Therapy; Special Assistance; appropriate utilization of emergency room services including behavioral health emergencies; and Quality of Care Concerns.    

18.8.8 
 Provide and track ongoing training to sustain and enhance the knowledge and skills of contractor staff, subcontractor staff, and system stakeholders to include but not limited to: American Society of Addition Medicine
Patient Placement Criteria (ASAM PPC-2R); Child and Adolescent Service Intensity Instrument (CASII); Cultural Competency; Demographic Data Sets/Encounters; Disability Benefits 101; Fraud, Waste, and Program Abuse; Special Assistance, Ticket to Work;
Quality of Care Concerns, and Workforce Development.        

18.8.9 
 Ensure compliance and documentation of trainings of contractor and subcontractor staff as applicable to maintain licensure and/certifications to include but not limited to: ADHS/Division of Licensing Services; Home Care
Training to Home Care Clients (HCTCs); and Community Service Agencies (CSAs).        

18.8.10 
 Provide and track training to child serving state agencies on Arizona  Vision-Twelve  Principles for Children Service Delivery and for coaching state agency personnel in working
with children and families who have behavioral health needs.        

18.8.11 
 Make available and track trainings, coaching and collaboration with other collaborative partners, to include but limited to: Adult Protective Services(APS), Department of Corrections, First Responders and Educational
Entities on the Arizona System Principles, Recovery and Resiliencies Adult Principles to increase awareness for personnel working with individuals and families who have behavioral health needs.    
      178  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.8.12 
 Train on prior authorization processes to member service personnel within Greater Arizona on the utilization of mapping search engines such as MapQuest, Yahoo Maps or Google Maps for the purpose of authorizing services,
recommending providers, and transporting members to the most geographically appropriate location.        

18.8.13 
 Collaborate with ADHS/DBHS to coordinate and deliver training initiated by ADHS/DBHS in response to identified needs and participation in the Workforce Development Operations Committee meetings.    

18.9  
  Training Reporting Requirements         

18.9.1 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables in accordance with Exhibit 9.        
   The Contractor shall:  

18.10.1 
 Retain consent and authorization for medical records as prescribed in A.R.S.   12-2297 and in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Behavioral Health Medical Record Standards. HIPAA related documents must be
retained for a period of six years per 45 CFR 164.530(j)(2).        

18.10.2 
 Not be responsible as the owner of a member s medical record, which is the property of the provider who generates the record.        

18.10.3 
 Provide each member who requests one copy of his or her medical record free of charge annually and review the member s request to amend or correct the medical record, as specified in 45 CFR part 164 and applicable
state law.        

18.10.4 
 Require subcontracted service providers to create a medical record when information is received about a member. If the PCP has not yet seen the member, such information may be kept temporarily in an appropriately
labeled file, in lieu of establishing a medical record, but must be associated with the member s medical record as soon as one is established.       

18.10.5 
 Create written policies and procedures for the maintenance of medical records, which are documented accurately, timely, are readily accessible and permit prompt and systematic retrieval of information while maintaining
confidentiality.        

18.10.6 
 Create written standards for documentation on the medical record for legibility, accuracy and plan of care, which comply with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Behavioral Health Medical Record
Standards.       

18.10.7 
 Create written plans for providing training and evaluating providers  compliance with the Contractor s medical records  standards.    

18.10.8 
 Require subcontracted service providers to maintain legible, signed and dated medical records as follows:        

179  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.10.9 
 When a member changes his or her PCP, forward the member s medical record or copies of it to the new PCP within ten (10) business days from receipt of the request for transfer of the medical record.

18.10.10 
 Provide ADHS/DBHS access to all members  medical records whether electronic or paper within the time specified by ADHS/DBHS.        

18.10.11 
 Comply with federal and state confidentiality statutes, rules and regulations to protect medical records and any other personal health information that may identify a particular member or subset of members.

18.10.13 
 Provide initial and ongoing training to staff and providers to comply with confidentiality requirements and Contractor s medical records standards.    

18.10.14 
 Have the discretion to obtain a copy of a member s medical records without written approval of the member, if the reason for such request is directly related to the administration of service delivery.

18.10.15 
 Have the discretion to release information related to fraud and abuse so long as protected  HIV-related  information is not disclosed (A.R.S.  36-664) and substance abuse
information shall only be disclosed consistent with Federal and State law, including but not limited to 42 CFR 2.1 et seq.        
   The Contractor shall:  

18.11.1 
 Obtain consent and authorization to disclose protected health information in accordance with 42 CFR 431, 42 CFR part 2, 45 CFR parts 160 and 164, and A.R.S.   36-509. Unless otherwise prescribed
in federal regulations or statute, it is not necessary to obtain a signed release in order to share behavioral health related information with the member s parent/legal guardian, primary care provider (PCP), the member s Health Plan
Behavioral Health Coordinator acting on behalf of the PCP or authorized state social service agencies.        

18.11.2 
 Retain consent and authorization medical records as prescribed in A.R.S.   12-2297 and in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on  Behavioral Health Medical Record Standards.     
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.12.1 
 Comply with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on  Advance Directives .       

18.13  
  Business Continuity/Recovery Plan and Emergency Response       The Contractor shall:  

18.13.1 
 Develop, maintain and annually test a Business Continuity/Recovery Plan and Emergency Response to manage unexpected events that may negatively and significantly impact its ability to deliver services to
members.   
      180  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.13.2 
 Specify in the plan, at a minimum, strategies to address:        

18.13.2.1 
 Health facility closure or loss of subcontractor or other major network providers;        

18.13.2.2 
 Loss of power or telephonic failure at the Contractor s main place of business or the crisis telephone line or loss of internet connection for providers that deliver crisis services;    

18.13.2.4 
 Loss of primary electronic information systems including computer systems and records;        

18.13.2.6 
 Strategies to communicate with ADHS/DBHS in the event of a business disruption;        

18.13.2.7 
 Easy access to a list of customer priorities that address key factors that could cause disruption, and when the Contractor s will be able to resume critical customer services; examples of these priorities are:
Provider receipt of prior authorization; approvals and denials; members receiving transportation; and timely payment of claims;        

18.13.2.8 
 Specific timelines for resumption of services. The timelines should note the percentage of recovery at certain hours and key actions required to meet those timelines; and    

18.13.3 
 Train Key Staff and Organizational Staff to be familiar with and implement the Business Continuity/Recovery Plan and Emergency Response when necessary.    

18.13.4 
 Require subcontractors and providers to develop and maintain Business Continuity/Recovery and Emergency Response Plans.        

18.13.5 
 Design its Business Continuity/Recovery and Emergency Response Plans to address Contractor s Arizona operations and include specific references to local resources.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.14.1 
 Upon ADHS/DBHS  request, participate in health emergency response planning, preparation, and deployment in the event of a Presidential, State, or locally-declared disaster.    

18.14.2.1 
 Participate in the development of a comprehensive disaster response plan, including, at a minimum, specific measures for:        
 
      181  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.14.2.1.3 
 Assess the needs of members, first responders and their families, victims, survivors, family members, and other community caregivers following an emergency or disaster considering short and long term stress management
techniques; and        

18.14.2.1.4 
 Maintain surveillance of health needs of members and the greater population in order to adjust health services to meet the population s demand during and following an emergency or disaster.    

18.14.3 
 Collaborate with local hospitals, emergency rooms, fire, and police to provide emergency health supports for first responders.        

18.14.4 
 Coordinate with other RBHAs and health care organizations to assist in a disaster in Maricopa County or in the event of a disaster in another region of the state.    

18.15  
  Emergency Preparedness; Business Continuity/Recovery Plan and Emergency Response Reporting Requirements         

18.15.1 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to Emergency Preparedness and Business Continuity and Recovery in accordance with Exhibit 9.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.16.1 
 Comply with Legislative changes, directives, regulatory changes, or court orders related to any term in this Contract.        

18.16.2 
 Comply with program changes based on federal or state requirements that are unknown, pending or that may be enacted after Contract Award Date. Any program changes due to new or changing federal or state requirements
will be reflected in future Contract amendments.        

18.16.4 
 Agree to an adjustment of capitation rates prior to Contract Performance Start Date or at any time during the Contract term for trend updates, impact cause by health care reform, Medicare Integration, and program and
other changes that affect expected service delivery or administrative costs.      The following, which is not an all-inclusive
list, are examples of issues that could result in program changes, for which the Contractor shall:      

18.16.5 
   Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: The Contractor shall comply with the applicable sections of the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) including, but not limited to, the Health Insurer Fee and including those provisions as adopted by AHCCCS in the Arizona State Plan. The Contractor shall provide services to Medicaid eligible
individuals who will be covered by the Medicaid restoration and expansion starting January 1, 2014. Additionally, upon CMS approval, AHCCCS will implement modifications to cost sharing requirements, including but not limited to, the
    
      182  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

populations currently subject to mandatory and optional (nominal) copayments, copayment amounts, and services for which copays are required. The effective date of these provisions will be
communicated after CMS approval. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor time to modify systems and address member and provider communications.        

18.16.6 
 Participate in care coordination data sharing as prescribed by AHCCCS between Medicaid Managed Care Organizations (MCO) and Exchange Qualified Health Plans for those members that transition between Medicaid and Exchange
health care coverage.        

18.16.7 
 Comply with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid policies, directives and guidelines.        

18.16.8.3 
 That modify, alter or create obligations that affect programs, policies or requirements in this Contract;        

18.16.10 
 Comply with Regulatory changes affecting licensing, privileging, certification and credentialing.        

18.16.11 
 Comply with CMS  approval or denial of any request by AHCCCS for an 1115 Waiver amendment, State Plan amendment or permission to participate in a demonstration project. This includes the waiver of member choice of
acute health plan that was submitted to CMS by AHCCCS in 2014, which would provide the state with the flexibility to require one Contractor(s) to provide integrated health care services to SMI members in Greater Arizona.    

18.16.12 
 Comply with Court orders in existing or future litigation in which the state is a defendant.        

18.16.13 
 Participate in any demonstration projects or activities to plan, promote and implement integrated health care service delivery and care coordination for dual eligible members.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.17.1 
 Be aware that the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) includes provisions designed to encourage the adoption and use of health information technology including EHRs, e-prescribing
and the development of a health information exchange (HIE) infrastructure. ADHS and its Contractors support these new evolving technologies, designed to create efficiencies and improve effectiveness of care resulting in improved patient satisfaction
with the health care experience.        

18.17.2 
 Actively participate in offering information and providing provider support and education to further expand provider adoption and use of health information technology.    

18.17.3 
 Review operational processes to reduce provider hassle factors by implementing technological solutions for those providers utilizing electronic health records and to incentivize providers to implement and meaningfully
use health information technology as a standard of doing business.    
      183  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.17.4 
 Expand utilization of health information technology as it relates to health care management and Contractor deliverables in the following areas:    

18.17.5 
 Comply with the applicable Sections of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) including, but not limited to, the Health Insurer Fee and including those provisions as adopted by AHCCCS in the Arizona
State Plan.        

18.17.6 
 Recognize that ADHS will be in compliance with Federal and State transparency initiatives. ADHS may publicly report or make available any data, reports, analysis or outcomes related to Contractor activities, operations
and/or performance. Public reporting may include, but is not limited to, the following components:        

18.17.6.2 
 Identification and publication of top performing Contractors;        
 
      184  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.17.6.7 
 Identification of Centers of Excellence for specific conditions, procedures or member populations; and        

18.17.7 
 ICD-10 Readiness: In 2009 the Federal government published the final regulation that adopted the ICD-10 code sets as HIPAA standards (45 CFR 162.1002). As HIPAA covered entities, State Medicaid programs must comply with
use of the ICD-10 code sets by the deadline established by CMS. The compliance date published in the final rule is October 1, 2013. However, in 2014 the compliance effective date was further delayed to October 1, 2015, though AHCCCS did not
amend its requirement that the Contractor be ready to implement ICD-10 effective October 1, 2014.        
   The Contractor is required to comply with A.A.C. R9-22-711, ACOM Policy 431
and other directives by AHCCCS.     

18.18.1 
 Those populations exempt from copayments or subject to nominal (optional) copayments may not be denied services due to the inability to pay the copayment [42 CFR 438.108]. However, for those populations subject to
mandatory copayments services may be denied for the inability to pay the copayment.       
   The Contractor shall comply with the following:

18.19.1 
 Member Services and Provider Services/Claims Services telephonic performance standards.       
   For telephonic performance:  

18.19.3 
 Respond to telephone calls within the maximum allowable speed of answer, which is  forty-five  (45) seconds. See Exhibit 1, Definitions, for an explanation of  Speed of Answer
(SOA) .        

18.19.4 
 Achieve the following standards for all calls to its member services and centralized provider telephone system:        

185  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.19.5 
 Calculate its performance with the standards as follows:        

18.19.5.1 
 The Monthly Average Abandonment Rate (AR) is the number of calls abandoned in a  twenty-four  (24) hour period divided by the total number of calls received in a  twenty-four (24)  hour period. The ARs are then summed and divided by the number of days in the reporting period;        

18.19.5.2 
 First Contact Call Resolution Rate (FCCR) is the number of calls received in a  twenty-four (24)  hour period for which no follow up communication or internal phone transfer is
needed, divided by Total number of calls received in a twenty-four (24) hour period. The daily FCCRs are then summed and divided by the number of days in the reporting period;    

18.19.5.3 
 The Monthly Average Service Level (MASL) is the calls answered within  forty-five (45)  seconds for the month reported, divided by the total of month s answered calls,
plus the month s abandoned calls, plus, if available, the month s calls receiving a busy signal; and        

18.19.5.4 
 The Speed of Answer is defined as the on line wait time in seconds that the member/provider waits from the moment the call is connected in the Contractor s phone switch until the call is picked up by a Contractor
representative or Interactive Voice Response System (IVR). If the Contractor has IVR capabilities, callers must be given the choice of completing their call by IVR or by Contractor representative.    

18.19.6 
 Report performance on meeting the standards on a monthly basis for both the Member Services and Provider telephone lines.        

18.19.7 
 For each of the Telephonic Performance Standards, report the number of days in the reporting period that the standard was not met.        

18.19.8 
 Report instances of down time for the centralized telephone lines, the dates of occurrence and the length of time they were out of service.    

18.19.9 
 Retain back up documentation for the report, to the level of measured segments in the twenty-four (24) hour period a rolling twelve (12) month period.   

18.19.10.2 
 Calculate the timeliness of provisional and initial credentialing by dividing the number of complete applications processed (approved/denied) during the time period by the number of complete applications that were
received during the time period.        

186  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.19.12 
 Submit a quarterly report for all credentialing applications as specified in Exhibit 9 and below:        

18.19.12.2 
 Number of completed applications received separated by type: provisional or initial;        

The Contractor shall:  

18.20.1 
 Be responsible to assess and screen to identify persons who may meet the SMI eligibility criteria; conduct SMI evaluations as required under the ADHS/DBHS Policy on SMI Eligibility Determinations; and, refer SMI
evaluation results to an organization identified by ADHS/DBHS that will determine whether a person meets the criteria for SMI Eligibility.        

18.20.2 
 Cooperate with the SMI Eligibility determination organization by establishing and implementing systems or processes for communication, consultation, data sharing and the exchange of information.    

18.20.3 
 Comply with standards and requirements for SMI Eligibility screening, evaluation and referral processes as directed by ADHS/DBHS.        

18.20.4 
 Comply with applicable SMI Eligibility reporting requirements as directed by ADHS/DBHS.        
   The Contractor shall:  
 The Contractor is responsible for evaluating all operational changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and determining whether
those changes are material changes to the Contractor s business operations [42 CFR 438.207 (c)]. All material changes to the business operations must be approved in advance by ADHS/AHCCCS. Define a material change to business operations as any
change in overall business operations (i.e., policy, process, protocol, such as prior authorization or retrospective review) that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as
described in this Contract including, but not limited to, any changes that would impact or is likely to impact. It also includes any change that would impact more than five per cent (5%) of total membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.
 
      187  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.21.1 
 Submit a request for approval of a material change to business operations with information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the Contractor s plans for
maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM Policy 439 and as specified in Exhibit 9.       

18.21.2 
 ADHS/AHCCCS will respond to the Contractor within thirty (30) days of the submission. A material change in the Contractor s business operations requires thirty (30) days advance written notice to providers and
members.      See Exhibit 1, Definitions, for an explanation of a  Material Change to Operations .  

18.21.4 
 The requirements regarding material changes to operations do not extend to contract negotiations between the Contractor and a provider.    

18.21.5 
 Conduct meetings with providers and members to address issues or to provide general information and technical assistance related to federal and state requirements, changes in policy, reimbursement matters, prior
authorization and other matters as identified or requested by ADHS/DBHS.        

18.22  
  Integrated Health Care Development Program       The Contractor shall:  

18.22.1 
 Establish an Integrated Health Care Program that is responsible for promoting integrated health service delivery at both the administrative and clinical level.    

18.22.2 
 Support the Integrated Health Care Program to provide leadership in collaborating with providers and system stakeholders to further integrated health care efforts.    

18.22.3.1 
 Describes Contractor s challenges, lessons learned, priorities, past experience, future plans/initiatives, innovations, trends and opportunities related to integrated health care design and
implementation;        

18.22.3.2 
 Describes Contractor s short and long term strategies, goals and measures for promoting integrated health care service delivery;    

18.22.3.3 
 Describes Contractor s programs to educate providers, members and system stakeholders of its integrated health care programs;        

18.22.3.4 
 Describes Input from members, providers, and system stakeholders about their experiences with integrated health care services; and        

18.22.4 
 Submit the initial Integrated Health Report to ADHS/DBHS two (2) months after Contract Performance Start Date and subsequent Integrated Health Reports annually thereafter.    
      188  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Contractor shall:  

18.23.1 
 Include in its Governance Board or governance structure at least  twenty-five  per cent (25%) of the voting members to be equally divided between peers and family members who are or
have been active participants in the assigned geographical service area of Greater Arizona Behavioral Health system.       

18.23.2 
 Not have Contractor staff serve as peer and family member representatives on the Governance Board.        

18.24  
  Offshore Performance of Work Prohibition         

18.24.1 
 In accordance with the Uniform Terms and Conditions, Section, Offshore Performance of Work Prohibited, ADHS has determined this Contract involves access to secure or sensitive data, to include, but not limited to member
medical information and personal data. Accordingly, the Contractor shall:        

18.24.2 
 Perform all Contract services within the defined territories of the United States to include work related to indirect or  overhead  services, redundant/back-up services or services that are incidental to the
performance of this Contract.        
   During the Contract Transition Period, the Contractor shall:  

18.25.1 
 Collaborate with ADHS/DBHS to develop in transition activities to prevent interruption of services and promote continuity of care to members.    

18.25.2 
 Establish and implement, at a minimum the following activities:        

18.25.2.2 
 Establish communication protocols between the Contractor, ADHS/DBHS and providers;        

18.25.2.4 
 Define expectations for content and format of Contract deliverables.      For its Implementation
Plan, the Contractor shall:      

18.25.3 
 Develop and submit a comprehensive Implementation Plan for ADHS/DBHS  approval within ten (10) days of Contract Award Date.       

18.25.4 
 Provide ADHS/DBHS with verbal and written Implementation Plan updates and cooperate and communicate with ADHS/DBHS to resolve transition and implementation issues.   
      189  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

18.25.5 
 Include in the Implementation Plan, at a minimum, the following:        

18.25.5.1 
 A detailed description of its goals, objectives, methods, key milestones, responsible person/department, due dates, testing, and verification strategies to demonstrate full readiness to comply with and implement all
requirements in this Contract on or before the Contract Performance Start Date;        

18.25.5.3 
 Identify the individuals and number of staff assigned to the transition;        

18.25.5.5 
 Strategies for regular and ongoing communication to members, families, providers and system stakeholders;        

18.25.5.6 
 Strategies for implementing a health care service delivery system using the framework in Section 18.24.5.1 to achieve full compliance with all obligations in Section 4, Scope of Services; and    

18.25.5.7 
 Strategies for implementing its Management Information System, claims and encounter processing and other systems that rely on data or data processing using the framework in Section 18.24.5.1 to achieve full compliance
with all obligations in Section17, Information Systems and Data Exchange Requirements.      For personnel assigned to transition
activities, the Contractor shall:      

18.25.6 
 Designate its key staff no later than one (1) month after the date of Contract Award Date; and        

18.25.7 
 Submit to ADHS/DBHS prior to the Contract Performance Start Date the resumes of each Key Staff position for ADHS/DBHS  approval.    
 When transitioning members and operations, the Contractor shall:      

18.25.8 
 Transition members receiving services in a manner that eliminates or minimizes disruption of care.        

18.25.9 
 Permit members to maintain their current providers and service authorizations for a  six-month  time period from the date of enrollment with the Contractor, unless an assessment is
performed prior to the expiration of the  six (6)-month  period, and the member agrees to a shorter time period.        

18.25.10 
 When directed by ADHS/DBHS, collaborate with providers and AHCCCS acute care health plans to develop and implement a member s service plan.    

18.25.11 
 Provide, at a minimum, to each member involved in the transition of care during the Contract Transition Period service information, emergency telephone numbers and instructions on how to obtain additional services.

18.25.12 
 Transition pending grievances, appeals, and customer service cases to assure timely resolution and have a sufficient number of qualified staff to meet filing deadlines and attend all court or administrative proceedings.
   
      190  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

   The Readiness Review will be conducted prior to the start of business,
which may include, but is not limited to, desk and  on-site  review of documents provide by the Contractor, a walk-through of the Contractor s operations, system demonstrations including systems testing,
and interviews with Contractors  staff. The purpose of a Readiness Review is to assess the Contractor s operational readiness and its ability to provide covered services to members at the start of the contract year.  
 The Contractor shall:      

18.26.1 
 Cooperate with ADHS during the Readiness Review and subsequent to the Contract Performance Start Date to assess the Contractor s readiness and ability to deliver covered services to members and to resolve
previously identified operational deficiencies.        

18.26.2 
 Develop and implement a corrective action plan in response to deficiencies identified during the Readiness Review when directed by ADHS/DBHS.    

18.26.3 
 Not commence operations if the readiness review tasks are not met to ADHS/DBHS  satisfaction.        

18.26.4 
 Financially reimburse ADHS/DBHS any cost associated with necessary out of state travel needed to determine readiness and provide access to staff, documentation, and work space as requested by ADHS/DBHS.
     For care coordination and transition activities, ADHS/DBHS may provide Contractor with on or after the Contract Award Date:

18.26.5 
 Twenty-four (24) to thirty-six (36) months of historical behavioral health encounter data for all member populations eligible to receive services under this Contract;    

18.26.6 
 Twenty-four (24) to thirty-six (36) months of historical physical health care encounter data for all Medicaid eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract; and    

19.1  
  General Monitoring Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

19.1.1 
 Perform monitoring and regulatory action as determined by ADHS if the Contractor does not achieve the desired outcomes or maintain compliance with the contractual requirements.    

19.1.2 
 Be subject to reviews without notice in the event the Contractor undergoes a merger, reorganization, changes ownership or makes changes in three or more key staff positions within a twelve (12) month period, or to
investigate complaints received.       

19.1.3 
 Comply with all other medical audit provisions as required by ADHS.        
   The Contractor shall:  

19.2.1 
 Comply with all reporting requirements contained in this Contract. ADHS requirements regarding reports, report content and frequency of submission of reports are subject to change at any time during the term of the
Contract.   
      191  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

19.2.3 
 Be subject to corrective action or sanctions if a report or other information is submitted as untimely, inaccurate, or incomplete.        

19.2.4 
 Comply with the following submission standards:        

19.2.4.1 
 Timeliness: Reports or information submitted to ADHS/DBHS on or before scheduled due dates to the following email address:  http://bhs-compliance.hs.azdhs.gov/default.aspx  unless otherwise noted by 5:00 p.m.
M.S.T. on the date due. If Contractor is directed to submit a specific report to a location other than  http://bhs-compliance.hs.azdhs.gov/default.aspx , the Contractor shall post notification of the submission to
 http://bhs-compliance.hs.azdhs.gov/default.aspx  upon delivery to the alternate location;        

19.2.4.2 
 Accuracy: Reports or other information is prepared and submitted in strict conformity with authoritative sources and report specifications; and    

19.2.4.3 
 Completeness: Reports or other information is disclosed in a manner that is both responsive and relevant to the report s purpose with no material omissions.    

19.2.5 
 Comply with all changes as specified by ADHS/DBHS.        

19.2.6 
 Continue to report beyond the term of the Contract when necessary including the processing of claims and encounter data because of lag time or other circumstances that delay submission of source documents by
subcontractors.        

19.2.7 
 Require subcontractors to be responsible for all reporting requirements and monitor subcontractor compliance with this requirement.       

19.2.8 
 When receiving reports or other information directly from subcontractors, verify its accuracy, completeness, resolve discrepancies and develop a summary report, if appropriate, prior to submitting the report or
information to ADHS/DBHS.        

19.2.9 
 Annually the Contractor must submit an attestation that its policies align with AHCCCS policy and the Medicaid Managed Care Regulations found within [42 CFR 438] et.al. The attestation must be submitted with a
comprehensive listing of the Contractor s Policies.        
   In addition to the annual member satisfaction survey in Section 10.8, the
Contractor may be required to perform annual, general or focused member surveys.    The Contractor shall:  

19.3.1 
 Obtain prior approval from ADHS/DBHS for the survey tool if required to perform a survey or the Contractor initiates a survey that is not required.    

19.3.2 
 Submit a scope of work and a timeline for the survey project if the survey is not initiated by ADHS/DBHS. ADHS/DBHS may require inclusion of certain questions.    

19.3.3 
 Submit data, results and the analysis of the results to ADHS/DBHS within forty-five (45) days of the completion of the project.    
      192  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

19.3.5 
 Collaborate with ADHS/DBHS to develop the survey tool.        

19.3.6 
 Cooperate should ADHS or AHCCCS, periodically conduct surveys of a representative sample of the Contractor s membership and providers. ADHS will consider suggestions from the Contractor for questions to be included
in each survey. The results of these surveys, conducted by ADHS, will become public information and available to all interested parties on the ADHS website. The draft reports from the surveys will be shared with the Contractor prior to finalization.
The Contractor will be responsible for reimbursing ADHS for the cost of these survey based on its share of AHCCCS enrollment.        

19.3.7 
 Note that surveys may include Home and Community Based (HCBS) Member experience surveys, HEDIS Experience of Care Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS) surveys. Survey findings may result in
the Contractor being required to develop a corrective action plan (CAP) to improve any areas noted by the survey or a requirement to participate in workgroups and efforts as a result of the survey results . Failure of the Contractor to develop a
corrective action plan (CAP) and improve the area may result in regulatory action.        

19.3.8 
 At least quarterly, the Contractor is required to survey a sample of its membership that have received services to verify that services the Contractor paid for were delivered as outlined in the ACOM Policy 424 [42
CFR 455.20].        

19.4  
  Monitoring and Independent Review of the Contractor       The Contractor shall:  

19.4.1 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS  on-site Annual Administrative Review.        

19.4.2 
 Submit to ADHS/DBHS, in advance, or as otherwise directed, all documents and information related to Contractor s, policies, procedures, job descriptions, contracts, logs, clinical and business practices, financial
reporting systems, quality outcomes, timeliness, access to health care services, and any other information requested by ADHS/DBHS (42 CFR 438.204).        

19.4.3 
 Make available on-site, or through other methods as directed by ADHS/DBHS, all requested medical records and case records selected for the review.    

19.4.4 
 During the on-site review and when requested by ADHS/DBHS, produce, as soon as possible, any documents not requested in advance by ADHS/DBHS, except medical records in the possession of a qualified service provider.

19.4.5 
 Allow ADHS/DBHS to have access to Contractor s staff, as identified in advance, at all times during the  on-site  review.    

19.4.6 
 Provide ADHS/DBHS with workspace, access to a telephone, electrical outlets, internet access and privacy for conferences while on-site.    

19.4.7 
 Implement a corrective action plan when ADHS/DBHS  review identifies deficiencies in performance.        

19.4.8 
 Cooperate with ADHS/DBHS  follow-up reviews, monitoring or audits at any time after the Annual Administrative Review to determine the Contractor s progress in implementing a corrective action plan.

19.4.9 
 Cooperate and comply with AHCCCS  Operational and Financial Reviews, including AHCCCS  audit provisions.    
      193  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

19.4.10 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS by providing all documents and information related to Contractor s, policies, procedures, job descriptions, contracts, logs, clinical and business practices, financial reporting systems,
quality outcomes, timeliness, access to health care services, and any other information requested by AHCCCS.        

19.4.12 
 If the Contractor undergoes a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or has a change in ownership, or makes changes in three or more key staff positions within a twelve (12) month period, in accordance with
ACOM Policy 317, cooperate with an administrative review, other than the Annual Administrative Review, when directed by ADHS/DBHS.        

19.4.13 
 Pay for any additional costs incurred by ADHS/DBHS associated with on-site audits or other oversight activities that result when required administrative or managed care functions are located outside of the state.

19.4.14 
 Review and comment on a copy of the DRAFT of the findings that is provided prior to ADHS issuing the final report.        

19.4.15 
 Implement all recommendations, made by the Review Team to bring the Contractor into compliance with Federal, State, and/or contract requirements.   

19.4.16 
 Submit all modifications to the corrective action plan for approval in advance to ADHS.        

19.4.17 
 Comply and work collaboratively with unannounced follow-up reviews that may be conducted at any time to determine the Contractor s progress in implementing recommendations and achieving compliance.

19.4.18 
 Be on notice that review findings may be used in the scoring of subsequent bid proposals submitted by the Contractor.        

19.4.19 
 Comply with all reporting requirements contained in this Contract and ADHS policy. In accordance with CMS requirements, ADHS has in effect procedures for monitoring the Contractors  operations to ensure
program compliance and identify best practices, including, but not limited to, evaluation of submitted deliverables, ad hoc reporting, and periodic focused and administrative reviews.    

19.4.20 
 These monitoring procedures will include, but are not limited to, operations related to the following:        

19.4.21 
 Administrative Reviews: In accordance with CMS requirements [42 CFR 434.6(a)(5)] and Arizona Administrative Code [Title 9, A.A.C. Chapter 22 Article 5], ADHS, or an independent agent, will conduct periodic
Administrative Reviews to ensure program compliance and identify best practices [42 CFR 438.204].       

19.4.22 
 The reviews will identify and make recommendations for areas of improvement, monitor the Contractor s progress towards implementing mandated programs or operational enhancements, and provide the Contractor with
technical assistance when necessary. The type and duration of the review will be solely at the discretion of ADHS.    
      194  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

19.4.23 
 Except in cases where advance notice is not possible or advance notice may render the review less useful, ADHS will give the Contractor at least three (3) weeks advance notice of the date of the scheduled Administrative
Review. ADHS reserves the right to conduct reviews without notice to monitor contractual requirements and performance as needed. ADHS may conduct a review without notice in the event the Contractor undergoes a reorganization or makes changes in
three (3) or more key staff positions within a twelve 12-month period, or to investigate complaints received by ADHS. The Contractor shall comply with all other medical audit provisions as required by ADHS.    

19.4.24 
 In preparation for the reviews, the Contractor shall cooperate with ADHS by forwarding in advance policies, procedures, job descriptions, contracts, records, logs and other material upon request. Documents not requested
in advance shall be made available during the course of the review. Contractor personnel shall be available at all times during review activities. The Contractor shall provide an appropriate private workspace and internet access.    

19.4.25 
 The Contractor will be furnished a copy of the draft Administrative Review report and given an opportunity to comment on any review findings prior to ADHS issuing the final report. The Contractor must develop corrective
action plans based on these recommendations. The corrective action plans and modifications to the corrective action plans must be approved by ADHS. Unannounced follow-up reviews may be conducted at any time after the initial Administrative Review to
determine the Contractor s progress in implementing recommendations and achieving compliance.       

19.4.26 
 The Contractor shall not distribute or otherwise make available the Administrative Review Tool, draft Administrative Review Report or final report to other Contractors.    

19.5  
  Corrective Action, Notice to Cure, Sanctions and Technical Assistance Provisions         

19.5.1 
 Corrective Action: The Contractor shall develop and implement an  ADHS/DBHS-approved  corrective action plan when ADHS/DBHS determines that the Contractor is not in compliance with
any term of this Contract.        

19.5.2 
 Notice to Cure: Prior to the imposition of a sanction for non-compliance, ADHS may provide a written cure notice to the Contractor regarding the details of the non-compliance. If a notice to cure is provided to the
Contractor, the cure notice will specify the period of time during which the Contractor must bring its performance back into compliance with contract requirements. The Contractor shall demonstrate compliance by the date specified in the Notice to
Cure or be subject to a financial sanction or any other available remedy under this Contract if at the end of the specified time period, the Contractor has not demonstrated compliance as determined by ADHS/DBHS.    

19.5.3 
   Sanctions: In accordance with applicable Federal and State regulations, R9-22-606, and the terms of this
Contract. ADHS may impose sanctions, including but not limited to: temporary management of the Contractor; monetary penalties; suspension of enrollment, including auto assignments after the effective date of the sanction; granting members the right
to terminate enrollment without cause and notifying the     
      195  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

19.5.4 
 The Contractor may dispute the decision to impose a sanction in accordance with the process outlined in A.A.C. 9-34-401 et seq.       

19.5.5 
 The Contractor shall be subject to financial sanctions for failure to comply with any term of this Contract, including, at a minimum:    

19.5.5.1 
 Substantial failure to provide required medically necessary covered services to a member;        

19.5.5.2 
 Charging members fees or co-pays in excess of those permitted under the Medicaid program including the requirements in Section 18.17, Copayments and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on
 Co-payments;         

19.5.5.3 
 Discrimination toward members on the basis of health status or need for health care services;        

19.5.5.4 
 Misrepresentation or falsification of information provided to ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS;        

19.5.5.5 
 Misrepresentation or falsification of information provided to a member, potential member, subcontractor or health care provider;        

19.5.5.6 
 Noncompliance with the requirements for physician incentive plans in conformance with Section 16.1;       

19.5.5.7 
 Distribution of marketing materials that have not been approved by ADHS/DBHS or that contain false or materially misleading information, directly or indirectly, through any agent or independent contractor;

19.5.5.9 
 Material deficiencies in the Contractor s provider network;        

19.5.5.10 
 Noncompliance with quality of care and quality management requirements including performance measures;        

19.5.5.12 
 Noncompliance with applicable state or federal laws or regulations;        

19.5.5.13 
 Noncompliance with requirements to fund accumulated deficit in a timely manner;        

19.5.5.14 
 Noncompliance with requirements to maintain or increase the Performance Bond in a timely manner;    
      196  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

19.5.5.17 
 Submitting untimely, incomplete or inaccurate reports, deliverables or other information requested by ADHS/DBHS;        

19.5.5.18 
 Engaging in conduct which jeopardizes Federal Financial Participation; and        

19.5.5.19 
 Noncompliance with being actively engaged in cost avoidance activities, the Contractor shall be subject to sanctions, in an amount not less than three times the amount that could have been cost avoided.

19.5.6 
 ADHS/DBHS shall consider the severity of the violation, and at its sole discretion, determine the amount of sanction.        

19.5.7 
 ADHS/DBHS shall provide written notice to the Contractor specifying the amount of the sanction, the grounds for the sanction, the amount of funds to be withheld from the Contractor s administrative revenue
payments, the steps necessary to avoid future sanctions and the Contractor s right to file a Claims Dispute to challenge the sanction (42 CFR 438.710).        

19.5.8 
 The Contractor shall complete all necessary steps to correct the violation that precipitated the sanction.       

19.5.9 
 ADHS/DBHS, in its sole discretion, may impose additional sanctions, which may be equal to or greater than the sanction imposed for the unresolved violation, in the event the Contractor fails to adequately correct the
violation within established timeframes.       

19.5.10 
 ADHS/DBHS may offset against any payments due the Contractor until the full sanction amount is paid.    
 For AHCCCS Imposed sanctions against ADHS/DBHS, the Contractor shall:      

19.5.11 
 Be responsible to pay the amount of financial sanctions imposed by AHCCCS against ADHS/DBHS for acts or omissions related to the Contractor s performance or non-performance of the terms of this Contract. The
Contractor s payment shall not be due until AHCCCS has imposed financial sanctions against ADHS/DBHS.        

19.5.13 
 Be subject to a withhold payment of any sanction, disallowance amount, or amount determined by AHCCCS to be unallowable, after exhaustion of the appeals process, provided the federal government does not impose the
sanctions until after the appeals process is completed; and        

19.5.14 
 Be responsible for payment according to ADHS/DBHS  allocation of sanctions for the Contractor s share of responsibility, if the sanction from AHCCCS is based on an act or omission that is the both the
obligation of Contractor and one or more other RBHA.        

19.5.15 
 Bear the administrative cost of, and fully assist ADHS/DBHS with, a Contractor-asserted Claims Dispute of a financial sanction to the Contractor.    
      197  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  For Technical Assistance the Contractor shall note the following Technical Assistance
Provisions:      

19.5.16 
 Recognize the ADHS  technical assistance to help the Contractor achieve compliance with any relevant contract terms or contract subject matter issues does not relieve the Contractor of its obligation to fully
comply with contract requirements or any and all other terms in this Contract.        

19.5.17 
 Recognize that the Contractor s acceptance of ADHS offer or provision of technical assistance shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in a contract enforcement action in which compliance with
contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

19.5.18 
 Recognize that ADHS not providing technical assistance to the Contractor as it relates to compliance with a contract requirement or any and all other terms, shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in a
contract enforcement action in which compliance with contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

19.5.19 
 Should a subcontractor to the RBHA participate in the technical assistance matter, in full or in part, the subcontractor participation does not relieve the RBHA of its contractual duties nor modify the RBHA s
contractual obligations.        

20  
  SUBCONTRACTING REQUIREMENTS         

20.1  
  Subcontract Relationships and Delegation       The Contractor shall:  

20.1.1 
 Be responsible for the administration, management and compliance with all requirements of this Contract, any subcontracts and hold subcontractors accountable for complying with all Contract terms, obligations and
performance. Delegation of performance to a subcontractor does not terminate, relieve or reduce the legal responsibility of the Contractor for compliance with all Contract requirements and federal and state laws (42 CFR 438.230(a) and 434.6(c)).

20.1.2 
 Evaluate the prospective subcontractor s ability to perform duties to be delegated.        

20.1.3 
 Specify in writing the activities and report responsibilities delegated to the subcontractor including terms for revoking delegation or imposing sanctions if the subcontractor s performance is inadequate
(42 CFR 438.6(l); 42 CFR 438.230 (b)(2)(ii)).        

20.1.4 
 Monitor and formally review the subcontractor s performance relative to industry standards and state law regulations on an ongoing basis according to a periodic schedule approved by ADHS/DBHS, in order to determine
adequate performance (42 CFR 438.230(b)(3)).        

20.1.5 
 Develop and implement a quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards for all subcontracted transportation providers and require corrective action if standards are not met.

20.1.6 
 Identify any deficiencies or areas for improvement and require the subcontractor to initiate a corrective action plan as necessary.        

20.1.8 
 Inform ADHS/DBHS in writing if a subcontractor is noncompliant to the extent it would affect its ability to perform the duties and responsibilities of the subcontract.    
      198  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

20.1.9 
 Require all subcontracts to contain full disclosure of all terms and conditions including disclosure of all financial or other requested information.   

20.1.10 
 Have the discretion to designate Information related to subcontracts as confidential but may not withhold information from ADHS/DBHS as proprietary. Information designated as confidential may be disclosed by
ADHS/DBHS as required by law.        

20.1.11 
 Prohibit subcontractors, through the use of incentives or other practices, from denying, limiting or discontinuing medically necessary services to any member (42 CFR 438.210(e)).    

20.1.12 
 Prohibit covenant-not-to-compete requirements in its subcontracts.       

20.1.13 
 Allow subcontractors to provide services to ADHS/DBHS, AHCCCS or any other ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS contractor.        

20.1.14 
 Include federal and state laws, regulations and policies in written agreements with subcontractors.        

20.1.15 
 Not subcontract with any individual or entity that has been debarred, suspended or otherwise lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity, excluded from participation in Federal health care
programs and shall include this requirement in written agreements with subcontractors.        

20.1.16 
 Not discriminate against particular providers that serve high-need populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment.    

20.1.17 
 Maintain fully executed originals of all subcontracts, which shall be accessible to ADHS/DBHS within twenty-four (24) hours of request.    

20.1.18 
 Require subcontractors to obtain Certificates of Insurance (ACORD) upon subcontract execution and monitor subcontractor compliance with insurance requirements at least annually.    

20.1.19 
 Execute written agreements with subcontracted providers that deliver covered services, including   out-of-state   providers, except in the
following circumstances:        

20.1.19.1 
 A provider that delivers services less than twenty-five (25) times during the Contract year;        

20.1.19.2 
 A provider that refuses to enter into a subcontract with the Contractor;       

20.1.19.3 
 A provider that delivers emergency services on a one-time or infrequent basis;        

20.1.19.4 
 Individual providers as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual;        

20.1.19.6 
 A provider that primarily performs services in an inpatient setting; and        

20.1.19.7 
 After the Contractor s Medical Director review, Contractor determines that a written agreement would not benefit Contractor or its members.    

199  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

20.1.21 
 Require subcontractors to provide a description of the subcontractor s service delivery cost record keeping system.        

20.1.22 
 Not enter into subcontracts that contain compensation terms that discourage providers from serving any specific eligibility category, except in cost sharing agreements.    

20.1.23 
 Provide hospitals and provider groups ninety (90) days  notice prior to a subcontract termination without cause. Subcontracts between the Contractor and sole practitioners are exempt from this requirement.

20.1.24 
 Develop and implement financial incentives or other methods in its subcontracts to improve whole health outcomes and to improve performance on the required SAMHSA National Outcome Measures (NOMS).    

20.1.25 
 The terms of subcontracts shall be subject to the applicable material terms and conditions of the contract existing between the Contractor and ADHS/DBHS for the provision of covered services.    

20.1.26 
 Be responsible for ensuring that its subcontractors are notified when modifications are made to the AHCCCS guidelines, policies, and manuals.    

20.1.27 
 Include in written agreements with subcontractors that subcontracted providers are subject to ADHS direct collection for Fraud, Waste, and Program Abuse (FWA) overpayments involving ADHS funding, other than Medicaid
funding. Subcontracts must specify that such direct collection from ADHS occurs in the event of Contractor s termination or expiration of its contract with ADHS.    

20.1.28 
 Include the following verbatim in every contract in which the Contractor and subcontractor have a capitated arrangement/risk sharing arrangement:    

20.1.28.1 
 If  the Subcontractor  does not bill  the Contractor ,  the subcontractor s  encounter data that is required to be submitted to  the Contractor  pursuant to contract is defined for these
purposes as a  claim for payment .  The Subcontractor s  provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said claims shall be subject to review
under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute (A.R.S.)   36-2918.        

20.2  
  Hospital Subcontracts and Reimbursement         

20.2.1 
 When subcontracting with hospitals for physical health care services for SMI members, the Contractor shall:Reimburse hospitals for inpatient and outpatient hospital services, in the absence of a contract between the
Contractor and a hospital providing otherwise, as required by A.R.S.   36-2904 and 2905.01, and 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7, which includes without limitation: reimbursement of the majority of inpatient hospital services with discharge dates on
and after October 1, 2014, using the APR-DRG payment methodology in R9-22-712.60 through R9-22-712.81; reimbursement of limited inpatient hospital services with discharge dates on and after October 1, 2014, using per diem rates described in
R9-22-712.61; and, in Pima and Maricopa Counties, payment to non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services. The required use of APR-DRG applies to Physical Health only.   

20.2.2 
 When the principal diagnosis on the inpatient claim is a behavioral health diagnosis (even when physical health services are included in the claim), the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using per diem rates
prescribed by ADHS and described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(B) regardless of the hospital type.    
      200  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

20.2.3 
 When the principal diagnosis on the inpatient claim is a physical health diagnosis (even when behavioral health services are included in the claim), the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using the APR-DRG payment
methodology in A.A.C. R9-22-712.60 through A.A.C. R9-22-712.81 EXCEPT when the hospital is a rehabilitation hospital or a long term acute care hospital. For inpatient services with a principal diagnosis of physical health provided by a
rehabilitation hospital or a long term acute care hospital, the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using the per diem rates published in the Administration s capped fee schedule as described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(A).    

20.2.4 
 In Pima and Maricopa Counties, the Contractor shall pay non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services with a principal diagnosis of physical health. The 5% discount does not
apply to claims with a principal diagnosis of behavioral health.        

20.2.5 
 Upon request, shall make available to ADHS, all hospital subcontracts and amendments. The Contractor is encouraged to obtain subcontracts with hospitals in all GSAs.    

20.2.6 
 Claims for services associated with transplants are paid in accordance with A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(A) and (C), except for inpatient transplant evaluation services which are paid using the APR-DRG payment methodology.
     The Contractor may:      

20.2.7 
 Conduct prepayment and post-payment medical reviews of all hospital claims including outlier claims. Erroneously paid claims are subject to recoupment. If the Contractor fails to identify lack of medical necessity
through concurrent review and/or prepayment medical review, lack of medical necessity identified during post-payment medical review shall not constitute a basis for recoupment by the Contractor.    

20.2.8 
 In the absence of a contract between Contractor and hospital the Contractor shall base the reimbursement for inpatient and outpatient hospital services as required by A.R.S.   36-2904 and 2905.01, and 9 A.A.C. 22,
Article 7, which includes without limitation:        

20.2.8.3 
 In Pima and Maricopa Counties, payment to non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services.        

20.2.9 
 A Contractor serving out-of-state border communities (except Mexico) is strongly encouraged to establish contractual agreements with the out- of  state hospitals in counties that are identified in ACOM policy 436.
The Contractor is also encouraged to obtain subcontracts with all in state hospitals.    
      201  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  ADHS/DBHS may:      

20.2.11 
 Require Contractor to execute a subcontract with a hospital if the number of emergency days at a non-subcontracted hospital becomes significant.    

20.2.12 
 Maricopa and Pima counties Only: The Inpatient Hospital Reimbursement Program is defined in the A.R.S.  36-2905.01, and requires hospital subcontracts to be negotiated between Contractors in Maricopa and Pima
counties to establish reimbursement levels, terms and conditions. Subcontracts shall be negotiated by the Contractor and hospitals to cover operational concerns, such as timeliness of claims submission and payment, payment of discounts or
penalties and legal resolution, which may, as an option, include establishing arbitration procedures. These negotiated subcontracts shall remain under close scrutiny by ADHS to insure availability of quality services within specific service
districts, equity of related party interests and reasonableness of rates.        

20.3  
  Management Services Subcontracts       The Contractor shall:  

20.3.1 
 Have the discretion to subcontract with qualified organizations under a comprehensive management services agreement upon the prior written approval of ADHS/DBHS in conformance with 20.5.3 and 18.3.3.    

20.3.2 
 Except as provided in 18.3.3, not delegate or enter into a subcontract or a comprehensive management services agreement to perform key operational functions that are critical for service delivery including integrated
health care service delivery, including, at a minimum:        

20.3.2.5 
 Network and Provider Services contracting and oversight;        

20.3.3 
 Evaluate the performance of a subcontractor for the delivery of management services and submit the Annual Subcontractor Assignment and Evaluation Report in conformance with Exhibit 9.    

20.3.4 
 Require management services subcontractors to prepare Business Continuity/Recovery Plans and Emergency Response in accordance with Section 18.13.    
      202  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  ADHS/DBHS may:      

20.3.5 
 Perform a review and audit of actual management fees charged or allocations made in management services subcontracts.        

20.3.6 
 Recoup funds or impose corrective action and financial sanctions if ADHS/DBHS determines the fees or allocations actually paid in management services subcontracts are unjustified or excessive.    
   
   For prevention service delivery subcontracts, the Contractor
shall:      

20.4.1 
 Require the subcontractor to comply with the Strategic Prevention Framework (SPF) Model.        

20.4.2 
 Require the subcontractor to specify the work to be performed; type, duration and scope of the prevention strategy to be delivered; and approximate number of participants to be served.    

20.4.3 
 Require the subcontractor to describe the evaluation methods to monitor performance and with the specific reporting requirements.        

20.4.4 
 Require the subcontractor to comply with relevant SABG requirements.        

20.4.5 
 Not incorporate prevention requirements into subcontracts for other covered services;        
   The Contractor shall submit to ADHS/DBHS for prior approval:  

20.5.1 
 Initial provider subcontract templates and substantive changes to template language at least thirty (30) days prior to the beginning date of the subcontract.    

20.5.2 
 Any mergers, reorganizations or changes in ownership of a management services subcontractor.       

20.5.3 
 Any management services subcontract at least sixty (60) days prior to the subcontract start date and include:        

20.5.3.1 
 A corporate cost allocation plan for the management services subcontractor in accordance with OMB Circular A-122, whether for-profit or non-profit; and    

For training service delivery subcontracts, the Contractor shall:

20.6.1 
 Require the subcontractor to comply with the ADHS/DBHS Training delivery, reporting, and curriculum requirements.    
      203  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

20.6.2 
 Require the subcontractor to specify the work to be performed; type, duration and scope of the training strategy to be delivered; and approximate number of participants to be served.    

20.6.3 
 Require the subcontractor to describe the delivery and evaluation methods to monitor performance with the specific reporting requirements.    

20.6.4 
 Require the subcontractor trainer/s to adhere to and comply with all trainer certification and/or licensure requirements.        

20.7  
  Minimum Subcontract Template Provisions       In addition to the Uniform Terms and
Conditions, Section E.2, Subcontracts, the Contractor shall include the following in its subcontract templates:      

20.7.1 
 A requirement that the subcontractor shall not arbitrarily deny or reduce the amount, duration, or scope of a required service solely because of the diagnosis, type of illness, or condition of the member
[42 CFR 438.210(a)(3)(ii)].       

20.7.2 
 For subcontractors licensed as a Level I or residential facility, a requirement to accept all referrals from the Contractor.        

20.7.3 
 For subcontractors licensed as a Level I, residential or HCTC facility, a requirement to comply with Contractor s quality management and medical management programs.    

20.7.4 
 For subcontractors licensed as a residential facility that serves juveniles a requirement to comply with all relevant provisions in A.R.S   36-1201.    

20.7.5 
 A warranty that the subcontractor is in compliance with all federal Immigration laws and regulations and a statement that a breach of any such warranty shall be deemed a material breach of the applicable subcontract,
subject to financial sanctions or termination of the subcontract.        

20.7.6 
 Identification of the name and address of the subcontractor.        

20.7.7 
 The method and amount of compensation or other consideration paid to the subcontractor.        

20.7.8 
 Identification of the population to include patient capacity, to be covered by the subcontractor, including a description of the amount, duration and scope of medical services to be provided and for which compensation
will be paid.       

20.7.9 
 The term of the subcontract including beginning and ending dates, methods of extension, termination and renegotiation.        

20.7.10 
 The specific duties of the subcontractor relating to coordination of benefits and determination of third party liability.        

20.7.11 
 The specific duties of the subcontractor relating to identifying and determining Medicare and other third party liability coverage and to seek Medicare or third party liability payment before submitting claims or
encounters to Contractor.        

20.7.12 
 A description of the subcontractor s patient, medical, dental and cost record keeping system.        

20.7.13 
 A provision that requires compliance with ADHS/DBHS  and Contractor s quality management programs medical management programs and shall comply with the utilization control and review procedures in conformance
with (42 CFR Part 456), and the AHCCCS Medical and Policy Manual.    
      204  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

20.7.14 
 A provision that a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership or control of a subcontractor that is related to or affiliated with Contractor shall require a Contract amendment and prior
approval of ADHS/DBHS in accordance with ACOM Policy 317.        

20.7.15 
 A provision to obtain and maintain all insurance requirements in conformance with Special Terms and Conditions, Section T, Insurance Requirements and to submit a copy of all certificates of insurance to the Contractor.

20.7.16 
 A provision that the subcontractor is fully responsible for all tax obligations, Worker s Compensation Insurance, and all other applicable insurance coverage obligations which arise under the subcontract for itself
and its employees, as stated in Special Terms and Conditions, Section T, Insurance Requirements, and that AHCCCS or ADHS/DBHS shall have no responsibility or liability for any such taxes or insurance coverage.    

20.7.17 
 A provision that incorporates by reference and requires compliance with the all the terms and conditions of this Contract including Documents Incorporated by Reference in Section 18.2.    

20.7.18 
 A provision that requires compliance with encounter reporting and claims submission requirements as described in the subcontract and in accordance with Section 17.11 and the ADHS policy on Submitting Claims and
Encounters to the RBHA.        

20.7.19 
 A provision for the subcontractor to appeal a claim denial in accordance with Section 13.5 and the ADHS policy on Provider Claims Disputes.    

20.7.20 
 A provision that requires the subcontractor to assist members in understanding their right to file grievances and appeals in conformance with all ADHS grievance system and member rights policies.   

20.7.21 
 A provision to comply with audits, inspections and reviews in conformance with the ADHS policy on Encounter Validation Studies and any audits, inspections and reviews requested by the Contractor, ADHS/DBHS, or
AHCCCS.        

20.7.22 
 A provision to require cooperation with ADHS contractors or state employees in scheduling and coordinating services.       

20.7.23 
 A provision to implement ADHS/DBHS, AHCCCS, or Contractor decisions issued to resolve a member or SMI grievance, member appeal, or claim dispute.    

20.7.24 
 A provision to prohibit incentives in the form of compensation to individuals or entities that conduct subcontractor s utilization management and concurrent review activities to deny, limit, or discontinue
medically necessary services to any enrollee, (42 CFR 438.210(e)).        

20.7.25 
 A provision to require subcontractor to conduct an assessment of cultural and linguistic needs, and deliver culturally appropriate services in conformance with ADHS/DBHS  Cultural Competency Plan and the
Contractor s Cultural Competency Plan.        

20.7.26 
 A provision to require subcontractor to comply with the ADHS/DBHS  definition of medically necessary services.        

20.7.27 
 A provision that AHCCCS is responsible for enrollment, re-enrollment and disenrollment of the covered population.   
      205  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

20.7.28 
 A provision that allows the Contractor to suspend, deny, refuse to renew or terminate any subcontract in accordance with the terms of this Contract and applicable law and regulation.    

20.7.29 
 A provision that the subcontractor may provide the member with factual information, but is prohibited from recommending, steering or influencing the member s selection of a Contractor.    

20.7.30 
 If the subcontractor has a capitated arrangement/risk sharing arrangement; include verbatim in the subcontract template the following language:    

20.7.30.1 
  If the Subcontractor does not bill the Contractor (e.g., Subcontractor is capitated), the Subcontractor s encounter data that is required to be submitted to the Contractor pursuant to contract is defined for
these purposes as a  claim for payment . The Subcontractor s provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said claims shall be subject to review under
any and all fraud and abuse statutes, rules and regulations, including but not limited to  A.R.S.   36-2918.      

20.7.31 
 A provision that a subcontracted provider must obtain any necessary authorization from the Contractor or ADHS for services provided to eligible and/or enrolled members which require prior authorization.

20.7.32 
 A provision that the subcontractor agrees to identify Medicare and other third party liability coverage and to seek such Medicare or third party liability payment before submitting claims to the Contractor.

20.7.33 
 A description of the subcontractor s patient, medical, dental and cost record keeping system.        

20.7.34 
 A provision that the subcontractor must obtain any necessary authorization from the Contractor for services provided to eligible and/or enrolled members.    

20.7.35 
 A provision that the subcontractor must comply with encounter reporting and claims submission requirements as described in the subcontract.    

20.7.36 
 Provision(s) that allow the Contractor to suspend, deny, refuse to renew or terminate any subcontractor in accordance with the terms of this Contract and applicable law and regulation.    

20.7.37 
 A provision that the subcontractor may provide the member with factual information, but is prohibited from recommending or steering a member in the member s selection of a Contractor.    

20.7.38 
 A provision that compensation to individuals or entities that conduct utilization management and concurrent review activities is not structured so as to provide incentives for the individual or entity to deny, limit or
discontinue medically necessary services to any enrollee [42 CFR 438.210(e)].        

20.7.39 
 All subcontracts must reference and require compliance with the Minimum Subcontract Provisions.        

20.7.40 
 In the event of a modification to the Minimum Subcontract Provisions, the Contractor shall issue a notification of the change to its subcontractors within thirty (30) days of the published change and ensure amendment of
affected subcontracts. Affected subcontracts shall be amended on their regular renewal schedule or within (6) six calendar months of the update, whichever comes first. See also ACOM Policy 416.   
      206  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  ADHS REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY- GREATER ARIZONA   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

20.8  
  Subcontracting Reporting Requirements       The Contractor shall submit the following related
to Subcontracting:    Annually      

20.8.1 
 Submit the Subcontractor Assignment and Evaluation Report within ninety (90) days from the start of the Contract year, detailing any Contractor duties or responsibilities that have been subcontracted and include the
following:        

20.8.1.3 
 Most recent review date of the duties, responsibilities and financial position of the subcontractor;        

20.8.1.4 
 A comprehensive evaluation of the performance (operational and financial) of the subcontractor;        

Ad Hoc  

20.8.2 
 Within twenty-four hours (24) hours of ADHS/DBHS  request, fully executed copies of all subcontracts.        

20.8.3 
 Prior to subcontract execution, and within twenty-four (24) hours of ADHS/DBHS  request, copies of all provider subcontract templates.    
      207  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

1.  
  Definition of Terms       All of the definitions in the Uniform Terms and Conditions and
Exhibit 1,  Definitions  are incorporated herein.      
   Pursuant to provisions of the Arizona Procurement Code, A.R.S.  41-2501,  et seq., the State of Arizona, Department of Health Services (ADHS) intends to establish a contract for the materials or services as listed herein.  

3.  
  Term of Contract       The   Term of Contract   shall commence on the Contract
Award Date, include the Contract Transition Period and end thirty six (36) months after the Contract Performance Start Date. Contract Performance Start Date will begin on October 1, 2015, or a later date specified by ADHS, and shall
continue for a period of three (3) years thereafter, unless terminated, canceled or extended as otherwise provided herein. The total Contract term for this section will be for three years delivering services to members, plus the Contract
Transition Period. The State refers to the first three (3) Contract periods during the Term of Contract as:      

3.1 
 First Contract period: Starts on the Contract Award Date, includes the Contract Transition Period, and ends twelve (12) months after Contract Performance Start Date.    

3.2 
 Second Contract period: Starts after the end of the first Contract period and ends (12) months later.        

3.3 
 Third Contract period: Starts after the end of the second Contract period and ends twelve (12) months later.        

4.  
  Contract Extensions       Contract extension periods shall, if authorized by the State, begin
after the  Term of Contract  section of these Special Terms and Conditions. This Contract is subject to two (2) additional successive periods of up to twenty-four (24) months per extension period. The State refers to Contract
periods four (4) and five (5) during the Contract Extensions period as:      

4.1 
 Fourth Contract period: Starts after the end of the third Contract period and is extended for a period of time not to exceed twenty-four (24) months.    

4.2 
 Fifth Contract period: Starts after the end of the fourth Contract period and is extended for a period of time not to exceed twenty-four (24) months.    

5.  
  Contract Type         

Firm Fixed-Price. In accordance with Scope of Work, section titled  Financial Management.         

6.  
  Maintenance of Requirements to do Business and Provide Services       The Contractor shall be
registered with AHCCCS and shall obtain and maintain in current status, all federal, state and local licenses, permits and authority necessary to do business and render service under this Contract and, where applicable, shall comply with all laws
regarding safety, unemployment insurance, disability insurance and worker s compensation required for the operation of the business conducted by the Contractor.  
      208  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

7.  
   Non-Exclusive  Contract       Any contract resulting
from this solicitation shall be awarded with the understanding and agreement that it is for the sole convenience of the State of Arizona. The State reserves the right to obtain like goods or services from another source when necessary, or when
determined to be in the best interest of the State.      

8.  
  Volume of Work       The ADHS does not guarantee a specific amount of work either for the
life of the Contract or on an annual basis.      

9.  
  Employees of the Contractor       All employees of the Contractor employed in the performance
of work under the Contract shall be considered employees of the Contractor at all times, and not employees of the ADHS or the State. The Contractor shall comply with the Social Security Act, Workman s Compensation laws and Unemployment laws of
the State of Arizona and all State, local and Federal legislation relevant to the Contractor s business.      
   The award of a contract shall be in accordance with the Arizona
Procurement Code. Any attempt to represent any material and/or service not specifically awarded as being under contract with ADHS is a violation of the Contract and the Arizona Procurement Code. Any such action is subject to the legal and
contractual remedies available to the state inclusive of, but not limited to, Contract cancellation, suspension and/or debarment of the Contractor.      

11.  
  Inspection, Acceptance and Performance Standards         

11.1 
 All services, data and required reports are subject to final inspection, review, evaluation and acceptance by the ADHS. The Contractor warrants that all services provided under this Contract will conform to the
requirements stated herein. Should the Contractor fail to provide all required services or deliver work products in accordance with Contract standards or requirements, the State shall be entitled to invoke applicable remedies, including but not
limited to, withholding payment to the Contractor and declaring the Contractor in material breach of the Contract. If the Contractor is in any manner in default of any obligation or the Contractor s work or performance is determined by the
State to be defective,  sub-standard,  or if audit exceptions are identified, the State may, in addition to other available remedies, either adjust the amount of payment or withhold payment until satisfactory
resolution of the default, defect, exception or  sub-standard  performance. The Contractor shall reimburse the state on demand, or the State may deduct from future payments, any amounts paid for work products or
performance which are determined to be an audit exception, defective or  sub-standard  performance. The Contractor shall correct its mistakes or errors without additional cost to the State. The State shall be
the sole determiner as to defective or  sub-standard  performance.        

11.2 
 At any time during the term of this Contract, the Contractor and its subcontractors shall fully cooperate with inspections by ADHS, AHCCCS, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services (CMS) the Comptroller General, the U.S. Office of Civil Rights, or any authorized representative of the Federal or State governments. The Contractor and its subcontractors shall allow the authorized representative of the Federal
and State government:        

11.2.1 
 Access to the Contractor s and subcontractor s staff and members.    
      209  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

11.2.2 
 Access to books and records related to the performance of the Contract or subcontracts for inspection, audit and reproduction. This shall include allowing ADHS to inspect the records of any employee who works on the
Contract.        

11.2.3 
  On-site  inspection, or other means, for the purpose of evaluating the quality, appropriateness, timeliness, and safety of services performed under this Contract. This inspection
shall be conducted at reasonable times unless the situation warrants otherwise.        

12.  
  Separate Incorporation, Prohibition Against Direct Service Delivery         

12.1 
 The Contractor shall be separately incorporated in Arizona or be a separate legal entity from a parent, subsidiary or other related party or corporation for the purpose of conducting business as a Contractor with ADHS,
whose sole activity is the performance of the requirements of this Contract.        

12.2 
 The State may, at its discretion, communicate directly with the governing body or Parent Corporation or other related party of the Contractor regarding the performance of the Contractor or the performance of a
subcontractor.        

12.3 
 A.R.S.    36-3410(C)  prohibits a regional behavioral health authority and its subsidiaries from providing behavioral health services directly to clients. Because Special Terms
and Conditions, 12.1 requires that the Contractor be a separate legal entity in Arizona whose sole activity is the performance of the requirements of this Contract, the statutory prohibition on direct behavioral health service deliver applies to the
Contractor and any subsidiary of the Contractor.        

13.  
  Conflict of Interest       The Contractor shall not knowingly engage in any actions or
establish any relationships, arrangements, contracts or subcontracted provisions that would create a potential or actual conflict of interest (COI) regarding the performance of this Contract. If the Contractor discovers a COI and does not
immediately notify ADHS and discontinue any conflicting activities or relationships, ADHS may consider the Contractor to be in breach of this Contract. If, as a result of a COI, ADHS incurs a financial loss to a State or federal program or the
Contractor realizes an inappropriate financial gain to its organization, an employee or subcontractor, such loss or gain shall be considered an overpayment subject to recoupment by ADHS. In addition to exercising its remedies under this Contract,
ADHS may refer the Contractor s COI activities to the appropriate law enforcement agency as suspected fraud or program abuse.      

14.1 
 The Contractor shall maintain all forms, records, reports and working papers used in the preparation of reports, files, correspondence, financial statements, records relating to quality of care, medical records,
prescription files, statistical information and other records specified by ADHS for purposes of audit and program management. The Contractor shall comply with all specifications for record keeping established by ADHS and Federal and State law.
   
      210  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

14.2 
 The Contractor shall also require its independent auditor of financial statements to maintain all working papers related to an audit for a minimum of six (6) years after the date of the financial statement or
completion of the Contract, whichever is longer.        

14.3 
 The Contractor shall preserve and make available all records for a period of six (6) years from the date of final payment under this Contract except in the following cases:    

14.3.1 
 If this Contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be preserved and made available for a period of six (6) years from the date of any such termination.

14.3.2 
 Records which relate to disputes, litigation, or the settlement of claims arising out of the performance of this Contract, or costs and expenses of this Contract to which exception has been taken by the State, shall be
retained by the Contractor until such disputes, litigation, claims, or exceptions have been disposed of, or as required by applicable law, whichever is longer.        

15.  
  Requests for Information and Ad Hoc Requests         

15.1 
 ADHS may, at any time during the term of this contract, request financial or other information from the Contractor. Responses shall fully disclose all financial or other information requested. Information may be
designated as confidential but may not be withheld from ADHS as proprietary. Information designated as confidential may not be disclosed by ADHS without the prior written notification of the Contractor except as required by law. Upon receipt of such
requests for information from ADHS, the Contractor shall provide complete, accurate and timely information to ADHS as requested and no later than twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, unless otherwise specified in the request
itself.        

15.2 
 If the Contractor believes the requested information is confidential and may not be disclosed to third parties, the Contractor shall provide a detailed legal analysis to ADHS, within the timeframe designated by ADHS,
setting forth the specific reasons why the information is confidential and describing the specific harm or injury that would result from disclosure. In the event that ADHS withholds information from a third party as a result of the Contractor s
statement, the Contractor shall be responsible for all costs associated with the nondisclosure, including but not limited to legal fees and costs.        

15.3 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for all costs associated with the nondisclosure, at a minimum; legal fees and costs in the event that ADHS/DBHS withholds information from a third party as a result of the
Contractor s statement that information is confidential along with describing the specific harm or injury that would result from disclosure.        
   When ADHS issues an Amendment to modify the Contract the provisions of
the Amendment shall be deemed to have been accepted sixty (60) days after the date of transmission by ADHS, electronic or mail, even if Contractor has not signed or acknowledged the Amendment. If the Contractor refuses to sign the Amendment,
ADHS may exercise its remedies under this Contract.  
      211  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

17.  
  Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture and Change in Ownership Requests       The
Contractor shall obtain prior written approval of ADHS and sign a written Contract Amendment for any merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership of Contractor, or of a subcontracted provider that is a related party of
the Contractor. The Contractor shall submit a detailed merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture and/or transition plan to ADHS for review and include strategies to ensure uninterrupted services to members eligible to receive services,
evaluate the new entity s ability to support the provider network, ensure that services to members are not diminished, and that major components of the organization and programs are not adversely affected by the merger, acquisition,
reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership, in accordance with ACOM Policy 317.      
   Documents set forth in the Exhibits 1 through 13, as they may be amended, are
incorporated herein and made a part of this Contract.      

19.  
  Indemnification Clause         

19.1 
 To the extent allowed by law, Contractor shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees
(hereinafter referred to as  Indemnitee ) from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses (including court costs, attorneys  fees, and costs of claim processing, investigation and litigation)
(hereinafter referred to as  Claims ) for bodily injury or personal injury (including death), or loss or damage to tangible or intangible property caused, or alleged to be caused, in whole or in part, by the negligent or willful acts or
omissions of Contractor or any of its owners, officers, directors, agents, employees or subcontractors. This indemnity includes any claim or amount arising out of or recovered under the Workers  Compensation Law or arising out of the failure of
such contractor to conform to any federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or court decree. It is the specific intention of the parties that the Indemnitee shall, in all instances, except for Claims arising solely from the
negligent or willful acts or omissions of the Indemnitee, be indemnified by Contractor from and against any and all claims. It is agreed that Contractor will be responsible for primary loss investigation, defense and judgment costs where this
indemnification is applicable. In consideration of the award of this contract, the Contractor agrees to waive all rights of subrogation against the State of Arizona, its officers, officials, agents and employees for losses arising from the work
performed by the Contractor for the State of Arizona.        

19.2 
 In the event of expiration or termination or suspension of the Contract by ADHS, the expiration or termination or suspension shall not affect the obligation of the Contractor to indemnify ADHS for any claim by any third
party against the State or ADHS arising from the Contractor s performance of this Contract and for which the Contractor would otherwise by liable under this Contract.    
  This indemnity shall not apply if the Contractor or  Sub-contractor(s)  is/are an agency, board,
commission or university of the State of Arizona.       

20.  
  Insurance Requirements       The  insurance requirements  herein are minimum
requirements for this Contract and in no way limit the indemnity covenants contained in this Contract. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the minimum limits contained herein are sufficient to protect the Contractor from liabilities that
might arise out of the performance of the work under this contract by the Contractor, its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors, and Contractor is free to purchase additional insurance.  
      212  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

20.1 
   MINIMUM SCOPE AND LIMITS OF INSURANCE:   Contractor shall provide coverage with limits of liability not less than those stated below.    

20.1.1 
  Commercial General Liability   Occurrence Form          

20.1.1.1 
 Policy shall include bodily injury, property damage, personal injury and broad form contractual liability coverage.    

20.1.1.2 
 Policies for insurance for professional service contracts with children or vulnerable adults, may be endorsed to include coverage for sexual abuse and molestation.    

20.1.1.3 
 The policy shall be endorsed to include the following additional insured language:  The State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees
shall be named as additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.  Such additional insured shall be covered to the full limits of liability purchased by the Contractor,
even if those limits of liability are in excess of those required by this Contract.        

20.1.1.4 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement in favor of the  State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees  for
losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

20.1.2.1 
 Bodily Injury and Property Damage for any owned, hired, and/or  non-owned  vehicles used in the performance of this Contract.    

20.1.2.2 
   The policy shall be endorsed to include the following additional insured language:   The State of Arizona,
and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees shall be named as additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor,
involving automobiles owned, leased, hired or      
      213  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

borrowed by the Contractor.   Such additional insured shall be covered to the full limits of liability purchased by the Contractor, even if those limits of liability are in
excess of those required by this Contract.        

20.1.2.3 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement in favor of the   State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees  
for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

20.1.2.4 
 Policy shall contain a severability of interests provision.        

20.1.3 
  Worker s Compensation and Employers  Liability         

20.1.3.3 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement in favor of the   State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees  
for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

20.1.3.4 
 This requirement shall not apply to: Separately, EACH contractor or subcontractor exempt under A.R.S.    23-901,  AND when such contractor or subcontractor executes the
appropriate waiver (Sole Proprietor/Independent Contractor) form.        

20.1.4 
  Professional Liability (Errors and Omissions Liability)          

20.1.4.3 
 In the event that the professional liability insurance required by this Contract is written on a claims-made basis, Contractor warrants that any retroactive date under the policy shall precede the effective date of this
Contract; and that either continuous coverage will be maintained or an extended discovery period will be exercised for a period of two (2) years beginning at the time work under this Contract is completed.    
      214  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

20.1.4.4 
 The policy shall cover professional misconduct or wrongful acts for those positions defined in the Scope of Work of this contract.        

20.1.4.5 
 In the event that the professional liability insurance required by this Contract is written on a claims-made basis, Contractor warrants that any retroactive coverage date shall be no later than the effective date of
this Contract; and that either continuous coverage will be maintained or an extended discovery period will be exercised for a period of two (2) years beginning at the time work under this Contract is completed.    

20.1.5 
   ADDITIONAL INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:   The policies shall include, or be endorsed to include, the following provisions:        

20.1.5.1 
 The Contractor s policies shall stipulate that the insurance afforded the contractor shall be primary insurance and that any insurance carried by the Department, and its agents, officials employees or the State of
Arizona shall be excess and not contributory insurance, as provided by A.R.S.    41-621  (E).        

20.1.5.2 
 Coverage provided by the Contractor shall not be limited to the liability assumed under the indemnification provisions of this Contract.    

20.1.6 
   NOTICE OF CANCELLATION:     With the exception of (10) day notice of cancellation for  non-payment  of premium, any changes material to compliance with this
contract in the insurance policies above shall require (30) days written notice to the State of Arizona. Such notice shall be sent directly to the  The Arizona Department of Health Services, 1740 West Adams, Room, 303, Phoenix, AZ 85007 
and shall be sent by certified mail, return receipt requested.        

20.1.7 
   ACCEPTABILITY OF INSURERS:   Contractors insurance shall be placed with companies licensed in the State of Arizona or hold approved  non-admitted  status on the Arizona
Department of Insurance List of Qualified Unauthorized Insurers. Insurers shall have an  A.M. Best  rating of not less than  A-  VII. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the above-required
minimum insurer rating is sufficient to protect the Contractor from potential insurer insolvency.        

20.1.8 
   VERIFICATION OF COVERAGE  : Contractor shall furnish the State of Arizona with certificates of insurance (ACORD form or equivalent approved by the State of Arizona) as required by this Contract. The
certificates for each insurance policy are to be signed by a person authorized by that insurer on its behalf.        

20.1.8.1 
 All certificates and endorsements are to be received and approved by the State of Arizona before work commences. Each insurance policy required by this Contract must be in effect at or prior to commencement of work
under this Contract and remain in effect for the duration of the project. Failure to maintain the insurance policies as required by this Contract, or to provide evidence of renewal, is a material breach of contract.    

20.1.8.2 
   All certificates required by this Contract shall be sent directly to  The Arizona Department of Health
Services, 1740 West Adams, Room      
      215  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

303, Phoenix AZ. 85007 . The State of Arizona project/contract number and project description shall be noted on the certificate of insurance. The State of Arizona reserves the right to
require complete, copies of all insurance policies required by this Contract at any time.        

20.1.9 
   SUBCONTRACTORS  : Contractors  certificate(s) shall include all subcontractors as insureds under its policies  or  Contractor shall furnish to the State of Arizona separate certificates and
endorsements for each subcontractor. All coverages for subcontractors shall be subject to the minimum requirements identified above. Require Subcontractors to obtain Certificates of Insurance (ACORD) upon subcontract execution and monitor
subcontractor compliance with insurance requirements as least annually.        

Subcontractor adherence to insurance requirements shall be verified by the Contractor for all existing subcontracts and as new subcontracts are initiated.    

20.1.10 
   APPROVAL  : Any modification or variation from the  insurance requirements  in this Contract shall be made by the contracting agency in consultation with the Department of Administration, Risk
Management Division. Such action will not require a formal Contract amendment, but may be made by administrative action.        

20.1.11 
   EXCEPTIONS  : In the event the Contractor or  sub-contractor(s)  is/are a public entity, then the Insurance Requirements shall not apply. Such public entity shall
provide a Certificate of Self-Insurance. If the contractor or  sub-contractor(s)  is/are a State of Arizona agency, board, commission, or university, none of the above shall apply.    

21.1 
 The Contractor warrants that it is familiar with the requirements of HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH Act) of 2009, and accompanying regulations and
will comply with all applicable HIPAA requirements in the course of this Contract. Contractor warrants that it will cooperate with the Arizona Department of Health Services (ADHS) in the course of performance of the Contract so that both ADHS and
Contractor will be in compliance with HIPAA, including cooperation and coordination with the Arizona Department of  Administration-Arizona  Strategic Enterprise Technology (ADOA-ASET) Office, the ADOA-ASET
Arizona State Chief Information Security Officer HIPAA Coordinator and other compliance officials required by HIPAA and its regulations. Contractor will sign any documents that are reasonably necessary to keep ADHS and Contractor in compliance with
HIPAA, including, but not limited to, business associate agreements.        

21.2 
 If requested by the ADHS Procurement Office, Contractor agrees to sign a  Pledge To Protect Confidential Information  and to abide by the statements addressing the creation, use and disclosure of confidential
information, including information designated as protected health information and all other confidential or sensitive information as defined in policy. In addition, if requested, Contractor agrees to attend or participate in HIPAA training offered
by ADHS or to provide written verification that the Contractor has attended or participated in job related HIPAA training that is: (1) intended to make the Contractor proficient in HIPAA for purposes of performing the services required and
(2) presented by a HIPAA Privacy Officer or other person or program knowledgeable and experienced in HIPAA and who has been approved by the ADOA-ASET Arizona State Chief Information Security Officer.    

216  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

22.  
  Pandemic Contractual Performance         

22.1 
 The State shall require a written plan that illustrates how the Contractor shall perform up to contractual standards in the event of a pandemic. The State may require a copy of the plan at any time prior or post award
of a Contract. At a minimum, the pandemic performance plan shall include:        

22.1.1 
 Key succession and performance planning if there is a sudden significant decrease in Contractor s workforce.        

22.1.2 
 Alternative methods to ensure there are products in the supply chain.        

22.1.3 
 An up to date list of company contacts and organizational chart, upon request.        

22.2 
 In the event of a pandemic, as declared the Governor of Arizona, U.S. Government or the World Health Organization, which makes performance of any term under this Contract impossible or impracticable, the State shall
have the following rights:        

22.2.1 
 After the official declaration of a pandemic, the State may temporarily void the Contract(s) in whole or specific sections, if the Contractor cannot perform to the standards agreed upon in the initial terms.

22.2.2 
 The State shall not incur any liability if a pandemic is declared and emergency procurements are authorized by the Director as per A.R.S.  41-2537  of the Arizona Procurement Code.

22.2.3 
 Once the pandemic is officially declared over and/or the Contractor can demonstrate the ability to perform, the State, at is sole discretion, may reinstate the temporarily voided Contract(s).    

22.3 
 The State at any time, may request to see a copy of the written plan from the Contractor. The Contactor shall produce the written plan within  seventy-two  (72) hours of the
request.        

23.  
  Certification of Compliance-Anti-Kickback and Laboratory Testing         

23.1 
 The Contractor or any director, officer, agent, employee or volunteer of the Contractor shall not request nor receive any payment or other thing of value either directly or indirectly, from or for the account of any
subcontractor (except such performance as may be required of a subcontractor under the terms of its subcontract) as consideration for or to induce the Contractor to enter into a subcontract with the subcontractor or any referrals of enrolled persons
to the subcontractor for the provision of covered behavioral health services.        

23.2 
   By signing this Contract, the Contractor shall certifies that it has not engaged in any violation of the Medicare
Anti- Kickback statute (42 USC    1320a-7b)  or the  Stark I      
      217  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

24.  
  Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments       The Contractor shall comply with Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988. The Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment (CLIA) of 1988 requires laboratories and other facilities that test human specimens to obtain either a CLIA Waiver or CLIA Licensure Certificate in order to
obtain reimbursement from the Medicare and Medicaid (AHCCCS) programs. In addition, the Contractor must meet all the requirements of (42 CFR 493), Subpart A. To comply with these requirements, AHCCCS or ADHS requires all clinical laboratories to
provide verification of CLIA Licensure or Certificate of Waiver during the provider registration process. Failure to do so shall result in either a termination of an active provider ID number or denial of initial registration. These requirements
apply to all clinical laboratories. Pass-through billing or other similar activities with the intent of avoiding the above requirements are prohibited. The Contractor may not reimburse providers who do not comply with the above requirements. (CLIA
of 1988; 42 CFR 493, Subpart A)      

25.  
  Use of Funds for Lobbying       The Contractor shall not use funds paid to the Contractor by
ADHS, or interest earned, for the purpose of influencing or attempting to influence any officer or employee of any State or Federal agency; or any member of, or employee of a member of, the United States Congress or the Arizona State Legislature 1)
in which it asserts authority to represent ADHS or advocate the official position of ADHS in any matter before a State or Federal agency; or any member of, or employee of a member of, the United States Congress or the Arizona State Legislature; or
2) in connection with awarding of any Federal or State contract, the making of any Federal or State grant, the making of any Federal or State loan, the entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment
or modification of any Federal or State contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement.      

26.  
  Contract Claims; Claim Disputes; Payment Obligations         
   Contract Claims shall be resolved in accordance with the
Uniform Terms and Conditions,  Contract Claims  section.      
   A Contractor Claim Dispute is the Contractor s dispute of a
payment, denial or recoupment of the payment of a claim, or imposition of a sanction, by ADHS. All Contractor Claim Disputes with ADHS shall be resolved in accordance with the process set forth in the ADHS Policy on Claim Disputes.  
   
   The Contractor shall pay and perform all of its obligations and
liabilities when and as due, provided, however, that if and to the extent there exists a bona fide dispute with any party to whom the Contractor may be obligated, the Contractor may contest any obligation so
 
      218  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       
  
disputed until final determination by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that the Contractor shall not permit any judgment against it or any levy, attachment, or process
against its property, the entry of any order or judgment of receivership, trusteeship, or conservatorship or the entry of any order to relief or similar order under laws pertaining to bankruptcy, reorganization, or insolvency, in any of the
foregoing cases to remain undischarged, or unstayed by good and sufficient bond, for more than fifteen (15) days. Service recipients may not be held liable for payment in the event of the Contractor s insolvency, ADHS  failure to pay
the Contractor, or ADHS  or the Contractor s failure to pay a provider.      

27.  
  Contract Termination         

27.1 
  Termination upon Mutual Agreement       This Contract may be terminated by mutual written
agreement of the parties effective upon the date specified in the written agreement. If the parties cannot reach agreement regarding an effective date for termination, ADHS will determine the effective date.  
   
   This Contract is voidable and subject to immediate termination
by ADHS upon the Contractor becoming insolvent or filing proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization under the United States Code, or upon assignment or delegation of the Contract without the prior written approval of ADHS.  
   
   ADHS reserves the right to cancel this Contract, in whole or in
part, due to a failure by the Contractor to carry out any material obligation, term or condition of the Contract. ADHS shall issue written notice to the Contractor of the intent to cancel the Contract for acting or failing to act, as in any of the
following:      

27.3.1 
 The Contractor fails to adequately perform the services set forth in the specifications of the Contract including the documents incorporated by reference;    

27.3.2 
 The Contractor fails to complete the work required or to furnish required materials within the time stipulated by the Contract; or        

27.3.3 
 The Contractor fails to make progress in improving compliance with the Contract or gives ADHS reason to believe that the Contractor will not or cannot improve performance to meet the requirements of the Contract.

27.4 
  Response to Notice of Intent to Cancel       Upon receipt of the written notice of intent to
cancel the Contract, the Contractor shall have ten (10) days to provide a satisfactory response to ADHS. Failure on the part of the Contractor to adequately address all issues of concern may result in ADHS implementing any single or combination
of the following remedies:      

27.4.1 
 Cancel the Contract and send a Notice of Termination;        

27.4.2 
 Reserve all rights or claims to damage for breach of any covenant of the Contract, and/or        

27.4.3 
 Perform any test or analysis on materials for compliance with the specifications of the Contract. If the result of any test confirms a material  non-compliance  with the
specifications, any reasonable expense of testing shall be borne by the Contractor .     
      219  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

27.5 
  ADHS  Rights Following Contract Cancellation       If the Contract is cancelled, ADHS
reserves the right to purchase materials or to complete the required work in accordance with the Arizona Procurement Code. ADHS may recover any reasonable excess costs resulting from these actions from the Contractor by:  

27.5.2 
 Collection against the bid and/or performance bond or performance bond substitute; and        

27.5.3 
 Any combination of the above or any other remedies as provided by law.        
   In the event the Contract or any portion thereof, is terminated
for any reason, or expires, the Contractor shall assist ADHS in the transition of its behavioral health recipients to another Contractor at its own expense and according to the timeline identified by ADHS. The Contractor shall make provisions for
continuing all management and administrative services and the provision of direct services to members until the transition of all members is completed and all other requirements of this Contract are satisfied. The Contractor shall provide ADHS with
verbal and written Transition Plan updates and shall cooperate and communicate with ADHS to resolve transition issues to ADHS  satisfaction. In addition, ADHS reserves the right to extend the term of the Contract on a   month-to-month   basis to assist in the transition of members. In addition, the Contractor must maintain compliance with requirements during the contract  close-out  period.    The Contractor shall be responsible for the following member transition activities:

27.6.1 
 Make provisions for continuing all management and administrative services and the provision of direct services to behavioral health recipients until the transition of all behavioral health recipients is completed and
all other requirements of this Contract are satisfied;        

27.6.2 
 Designate a person with appropriate training to act as the member transition coordinator. The transition coordinator shall interact closely with ADHS and the staff from the new contractor to ensure a safe and orderly
transition. The individual appointed to this position must be a health care professional or an individual who possesses the appropriate education and experience and is supported by a health care professional to effectively coordinate and oversee all
transition issues, responsibilities, and activities. The member Transition Coordinator must be available  twenty-for  (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week to work on the transition including urgent
issue resolutions. This staff person shall interact closely with ADHS and the transition staff of the receiving Contractor to ensure a safe, timely, and orderly transition. See ACOM Policy 402 for more information regarding the role and
responsibilities of the Transition Coordinator. The Contractor shall supply ADHS with the contact information for the Transition Coordinator. This position must be maintained throughout the transition process including the post transition phase;

27.6.3 
 Upon ADHS  request, submit for approval a detailed plan for the transition of behavioral health recipients including the name of the member transition coordinator;    
      220  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

27.6.4 
 Provide all reports set forth in this Contract and necessary for the transition process. This includes providing to ADHS, until ADHS is satisfied that the Contractor has paid all such obligations:    

27.6.4.1 
 A monthly claims aging report by provider/creditor including IBNR amounts,        

27.6.4.3 
 Copies of all bank statements received by the Contractor, and        

27.6.4.4 
 These reports shall be due on the fifth (5th) day of each succeeding month for the prior month unless otherwise specified.        

27.6.5.1 
 Monthly financial statements, specifically the balance sheet, statement of activities, and related Schedule A disclosures, following contract termination until all liabilities have been paid,    

27.6.5.2 
 Quarterly and Audited Financial Statements up to the date of Contract termination, and        

27.6.5.3 
 Quarterly Quality Management and Medical Management reports describing services rendered up to the date of Contract termination including quality of care (QOC) concern reporting based on the date of service, as opposed
to the date of reporting, for a period of three (3) months after Contract termination. Encounter reporting until all services rendered prior to Contract termination have reached adjudicated status and data validation of the information has been
completed, as communicated by a letter of release from ADHS.        

27.6.6 
 Notify subcontractors and behavioral health recipients of the Contract termination as directed by ADHS;        

27.6.7 
 Complete payment of all outstanding obligations for covered behavioral health services rendered to behavioral health recipients. The Contractor shall cover continuation of services to enrollees for the duration of the
period for which payment has been made, as well as for inpatient admissions up until discharge;        

27.6.8 
 Return any funds advanced to the Contractor for coverage of behavioral health recipients for periods after the date of termination to ADHS within thirty (30) days of termination of the Contract;    

27.6.9 
 Supply all information necessary for reimbursement of outstanding claims; and    
      221  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

27.6.10 
 Cooperate with the successor contractor during transition period including sharing and transferring behavioral health recipient information and Electronic Health records (EHRs). ADHS will notify the Contractor with
specific instructions and required actions at the time of transfer. This will include transferring the following information, in a format dictated by ADHS, for all behavioral health recipients served during the contract period:    

27.6.10.7 
 Individualized Service Plans and/or Individualized Treatment Plans        

27.6.11 
 Ensure access to Electronic Health Records, inclusive of information listed in, 27.6.10 to crisis providers and others involved in the care/treatment of high need members until such time that the successor Contractor
has obtained all necessary member information/records.        

27.6.12 
 Include in the member transition plan the transfer of hard copy records.        

27.6.13 
 Enter into direct data sharing agreements and communicate directly with the successor Contractor to share or exchange member-related PHI, and provide notification to ADHS upon execution of such agreement(s).

27.6.14 
 Coordinate the transition of members for other transitions, such as the transition of services for specific member populations to other AHCCCS contractors.    

27.6.15 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the following contract transition activities:        

27.6.15.1 
 Designate a person with appropriate training to act as the contract transition coordinator. This staff person shall interact closely with ADHS and the transition staff of the receiving Contractor. This position must be
maintained throughout the transition process including the post transition phase.        

27.6.15.2 
 Upon ADHS  request, submit for approval a detailed plan for the contract transition including the name of the contract transition coordinator;    

27.6.15.3 
   Include in the contract transition plan, the Contractor s plan for transfer/termination of any established
lease agreements, as well as the transfer of property the Contractor purchased to fulfill obligations within this contract. This includes facilities acquisition     
      222  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

and installation; data systems, including hardware and equipment acquisition and installation, operating system and software installation, and file installation; transfer of property, including
real property, deeds of purchase, leases, staff, and equipment.        

27.6.15.4 
 Notify subcontractors of the Contract termination as directed by ADHS;        

27.6.15.5 
 Transfer the toll-free business number, as well as the crisis services line to the successor Contractor.        

27.6.15.6 
 Provide Monthly, Quarterly and Audited Financial Statements up to the date of Contract termination; and        

27.6.15.7 
 Complete payment of all outstanding obligations for covered services rendered to members. The Contractor shall cover continuation of services for the duration of the period for which payment has been made, as well as
for inpatient admissions up until discharge.        

27.6.15.8 
 ADHS may withhold payments due to the Contractor or collect payment from the Contractor s performance bond for  non-compliance  during the contract transition period.

27.6.16 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the following contract  close-out  period activities:        

27.6.16.1 
 Identify qualified, local staff who are responsible for the following key functional areas after the expiration of the contract: grievance and appeals; claims and encounters; quality management/quality of care (QOC)
investigations; financial reporting; medical management.        

27.6.16.2 
 Maintain staffing for functions listed in 27.6.16.1 during the contract  close-out  period until such functions are no longer necessary, as determined by ADHS.    

27.6.16.3 
 Submit deliverables listed in Exhibit 9 in accordance with deliverable  end-dates  established between the Contractor and ADHS.    

27.6.16.4 
 Provide all reports set forth in this Contract and necessary for the transition process. This includes providing to ADHS, until ADHS is satisfied that the Contractor has paid all such obligations:    

27.6.16.4.1 
 A monthly claims aging report by provider/creditor including IBNR amounts;        

27.6.16.4.4 
 These reports shall be due on the fifth (5th) day of each succeeding month for the prior month unless otherwise specified.    
      223  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

27.6.16.4.5 
 Return any funds advanced to the Contractor for coverage of members for periods after the date of termination to ADHS within thirty (30) days of termination of the Contract; and supply all information necessary for
reimbursement of outstanding claims.        

27.6.16.4.6 
 Provide monthly financial statements in the required format (see ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide), specifically the balance sheet, statement activities and related Schedule A disclosures, following contract
termination until all liabilities have been paid.        

27.6.16.4.7 
 Provide Quarterly Quality Management and Medical Management reports describing services rendered up to the date of Contract termination including quality of care (QOC) concern reporting based on the date of service, as
opposed to the date of reporting, for a period of three (3) months after Contract termination.        

27.6.16.4.8 
 Encounter reporting until all services rendered prior to Contract termination have reached adjudicated status and data validation of the information has been completed, as communicated by a letter of release from ADHS.

27.6.16.4.9 
 Submit additional information and participate in meetings, as determined necessary by ADHS, to mitigate harm to the service delivery system and/or potential or actual harm to high need members and other members.

27.6.16.4.10 
 Maintain a number for member calls for ninety (90) days or until all member grievance and appeals with the Contractor have a final disposition. Maintain a number for provider calls throughout the duration of the
contract close out period. Ensure that these numbers and other pertinent contact information/updates are easily accessible on the Contractor s website.        

27.6.16.5 
 ADHS may withhold payments due to the Contractor or collect payment from the Contractor s performance bond for  non-compliance  during the contract  close-out  period.        
   In addition to the requirements stated above and in the Uniform
Terms and Conditions, Paragraphs on Termination for Convenience and Termination for Default, the Contractor shall comply with the following provisions:      

27.7.1 
 The Contractor shall stop all work as of the effective date contained in the Notice of Termination and shall immediately notify all management subcontractors, in writing, to stop all work as of the effective date of the
Notice of Termination;        

27.7.2 
 Upon receipt of the Notice of Termination, and until the effective date of the Notice of Termination, the Contractor shall perform work consistent with the requirements of this Contract and in accordance with a written
plan approved by ADHS for the orderly transition of members.    
      224  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

   Any dispute by the Contractor with respect to termination or suspension of
this Contract by ADHS shall be exclusively governed by the resolution of the Legal and Contractual Remedies provisions of the Arizona Procurement Code (A.R.S. Title 41, Chapter 23, Article 9).  
   
   The Contractor shall be paid the Contract price for all services and items
completed prior to the effective date of the Notice of Termination and shall be paid its reasonable and actual costs for work in progress as determined by GAAP; however, no such amount shall cause the sum of all amounts paid to the Contractor to
exceed the compensation limits set forth in this Contract.      

28.  
  ADHS  Contractual Remedies         
   Upon a declaration by the Governor that an emergency
situation exists in the delivery of behavioral or other health service delivery system that without intervention by government agencies, threatens the health, safety or welfare of the public, ADHS may operate as the Contractor or undertake actions
to negotiate and award, with or without bid, a Contract to an entity to operate as the Contractor. Contracts awarded under this section are exempt from the requirements of A.R.S. Title 41, Chapter 23. ADHS shall immediately notify the affected
Contractor(s) of its intention.      

28.2 
  ADHS Right to Operate Contractor.       In accordance with A.R.S.    36-3412.D  and in addition to any other rights provided by law or under this Contract, upon a determination by ADHS that Contractor has failed to perform any requirements of this Contract that materially affect the
health, safety or welfare of behavioral health recipients, ADHS may, immediately upon written Notice to the Contractor, directly operate the Contractor for so long as necessary to ensure the uninterrupted care to behavioral health recipients and to
accomplish the orderly transition of behavioral health recipients to a new or existing Contractor, or until the Contractor corrects the Contract performance failure to the satisfaction of ADHS.  

29.1.1 
 Purchase and maintain a performance bond or bond substitute to guarantee payment of the Contractor s obligations to providers,  non-contracting  providers,  non-providers,  and other subcontractors to satisfy its obligations under this Contract.    
      225  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

29.1.2 
 Obtain, submit, and maintain a performance bond in a form acceptable to ADHS in accordance with the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide payable to ADHS or its designee(s) and sent directly to the ADHS/DBHS Office of
Financial Review.        

29.1.3 
 Obtain and maintain a Performance Bond that during the final Contract year has an expiration date of at the least fifteen (15) months after the Contract expiration date. If the Contractor has additional liabilities
outstanding fifteen (15) months after the termination of the Contract, the Contractor may request a reduction in the Performance Bond sufficient to cover all outstanding liabilities, subject to ADHS  approval, until all liabilities have
been paid.        

29.1.4 
 In the event ADHS agrees to accept substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide, the Contractor agrees to execute any and all documents and perform any and all
acts necessary to secure and enforce ADHS s security interest in such substitute security including, but not limited to, security agreements and necessary UCC filings pursuant to the Arizona Uniform Commercial Code. The Contractor must request
acceptance from ADHS when a substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide, is established. In the event such substitute security is agreed to and accepted by ADHS, the Contractor acknowledges
that it has granted ADHS a security interest in such substitute security to secure performance of its obligations under this Contract. The Contractor is solely responsible for establishing the credit-worthiness of all forms of substitute security.
ADHS may, after written notice to the Contractor, withdraw its permission for substitute security, in which case the Contractor shall provide ADHS with a form of security described in the ADHS/DBHS Financial Reporting Guide.    

29.1.5 
 Not leverage the performance bond as collateral for debt or use the bond as security to creditors. The Contractor shall be in material breach of this Contract if it fails to maintain or renew the performance bond as
required by this Contract.        

29.1.6 
 Maintain a performance bond in an amount equal to or greater than  one-hundred  (100%) of the first monthly Title XIX and Title XXI Capitation and
 Non-Title  XIX/XXI payment made to the Contractor. ADHS shall review the adequacy of the Performance Bond on a monthly basis to determine if the Performance Bond must be increased. The Contractor may adjust the
performance bond amount if notified by ADHS when the monthly Title XIX and Title XXI Capitation and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI payments are adjusted by plus or minus ten percent (10%) to an amount equal to or greater
than  one-hundred  (100%) of the adjusted monthly Title XIX and Title XXI capitation and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI payments. The Contractor shall obtain a performance bond with
the adjusted amount no later than thirty (30) days after notification by ADHS of the amount required.        

29.1.7 
 Not change the amount, duration, or scope of the Performance Bond without prior written approval from ADHS.        

29.1.8 
 Reimburse ADHS for expenses exceeding the performance bond amount.        

29.1.9 
 Submit the Performance Bond to ADHS Office of Financial Review within thirty (30) days notification by ADHS to adjust the amount.    
      226  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

29.2.1 
 When Contractor is in breach of any material term of this Contract, in addition to any other remedies it may have herein, obtain payment under the performance bond or performance bond substitute for the following:

29.2.2 
 Paying damages sustained by subcontracted providers,  non-contracting  providers, and  non-providers  as a result of a breach of
Contractor s obligations under this Contract;        

29.2.3 
 Reimbursing ADHS for any payments made on behalf of the Contractor;        

29.2.4 
 Reimbursing ADHS for any extraordinary administrative expenses incurred by a Contractor s breach including, expenses incurred after termination of this Contract; and    

29.2.5 
 Making any payments or expenditures deemed necessary to ADHS, in its sole discretion, incurred by ADHS in the direct operation of the RBHA.    

30.  
  Cooperation with other Contractors and the State/Awards of Other Contracts       The State
and/or ADHS/AHCCCS may undertake or award other contracts for additional or related work to the work performed by the Contractor. The Contractor shall fully cooperate with such other contractors and State employees or designated agents. The
Contractor shall not commit or permit any act which will interfere with the performance of work by any other State contractor, Subcontractor or by State employees.      

31.  
  Eligibility for State or Local Public Benefits; Documentation and Violations       To the
extent permitted by Federal Law:      

31.1 
 Contractors providing services as an agent of the State, shall ensure compliance with A.R.S    1-502.  A.R.S    1-502  requires each
person applying or receiving a public benefit to provide documented proof which demonstrates a lawful presence in the United States.        

31.2 
 The State shall reserve the right to conduct unscheduled, periodic process and documentation audits to ensure Contractor compliance. All available Contract remedies, up to and including termination may be taken for
failure to comply with A.R.S    1-502  in the delivery of services under this Contract.        

32.  
  Limitations on Billing and Collection Practices       Except as provided in Federal and State
Law and regulations, the Contractor shall not bill, nor attempt to collect payment directly or through a collection agency from a person who was AHCCCS eligible at the time the covered service(s) were rendered, or from the financially responsible
relative or representative for covered services that were paid or could have been paid by the system.  
      227  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

33.  
  Disclosure of Ownership and Control       The Contractor shall:  

33.1 
 Provide to ADHS, AHCCCS and CMS within thirty-five (35) days of receiving the request, full and complete information, pertaining to the following business transactions [42 CFR 455.105]:    

33.1.1 
 The ownership of any subcontractor with whom the Contractor has had business transaction totaling more than $25,000 during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of such request; and    

33.1.2 
 Any significant business transactions between the Contractor and wholly owned supplier, or between the Contractor and any subcontractor ending on the date of such request.    

33.2 
 In the event that the AHCCCS Office of Inspector General, either through a civil monetary penalty, a global civil settlement or judgment, or any other form of civil action, receives a monetary recovery from an entity,
the entirety of such monetary recovery belongs exclusively to AHCCCS and the Contractor has no claim to any portion of this recovery. Furthermore, the Contractor is fully subrogated to AHCCCS for all civil recoveries.    

33.3 
 Provide the following information to AHCCCS and ADHS/DBHS:        

33.3.1 
 The name and address of any person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor. The address for corporate entities must include as applicable primary business address, every
business location, and P.O. Box address;        

33.3.2 
 The date of birth and Social Security Numbers of any person with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor;        

33.3.3 
 The Tax Identification Number of any corporation with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor;        

33.3.4 
 Whether any person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor is related to another person with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor as a spouse, parent, child, or
sibling; or whether the person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the Contractor has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the Contractor as a
spouse, parent, child, or sibling;        

33.3.5 
 The name of any other disclosing entity as defined in (42 CFR 455.101) in which an owner of the Contractor has an ownership or control interest; and    

33.4 
 Disclose the above-listed information on ownership or control to AHCCCS and ADHS/DBHS at any of the following times (42 CFR 455.104):    

33.4.1 
 Upon the Contractor executing the Contract with the State;        

34.4.2 
 Upon renewal or extension of the Contract; and        

34.4.3 
 Within thirty-five (35) days after any change in ownership of the Contractor.        

33.5 
 Obtain the following information regarding ownership and control for a fiscal agent:        

33.5.1 
 The name and address of any person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent. The address for corporate entities must include as applicable primary business address, every
business location, and P.O. Box address;    
      228  

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

33.5.2 
 The date of birth and Social Security Numbers of any person with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent;        

33.5.3 
 The Tax Identification Number of any corporation with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent;        

33.5.4 
 Whether the person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent as a spouse, parent, child, or
sibling; or whether the person (individual or corporation) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the fiscal agent has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent
as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling;        

33.5.5 
 The name of any other disclosing entity as defined in (42 CFR 455.101) in which an owner of the fiscal agent has an ownership or control interest; and    

34.  
  Choice of Primary Care Physician (PCP).       The Managed Care Organization (MCO) is required
to assure that members have a choice of PCPs. Specifically, beneficiaries will have a choice of at least two primary care providers, and may request change of primary care provider at least at the times described in (42 CFR 438.56(c)). In addition,
the MCO, through the Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (RBHA), will offer contracts to primary and specialist physicians who have established relationships with beneficiaries including specialists who may also serve as PCPs to encourage
continuity of provider. For individuals who have an established relationship with a PCP that does not participate in the MCO/RBHA s provider network, the MCO will provide, at a minimum, a  12-month 
transition period in which the individual may continue to seek care from their established PCP while the individual, the MCO, RBHA and/or case manager finds an alternative PCP within the MCO/RBHA s provider network.  
   
   Unless a provision of this Contract or document incorporated by
reference explicitly states otherwise, periods of time referred to in this Contract shall be computed as follows:      

1. 
 The period of time shall not include the day of the act, event, or default from which the designated period of time begins to run.        

2. 
 The period of time shall include each day after the day of the act, event or default from which the designated period of time begins to run.    

3. 
 If the period of time prescribed or allowed is less than eleven (11) days, the period of time shall not include intermediate Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays.    

4. 
 If the period of time prescribed or allowed is eleven (11) days or more, the period of time shall include intermediate Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays.    

5. 
 If the last day of the period of time prescribed or allowed is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday, the period of time shall include the last day of the period of time.    

6. 
 If the last day of the period of time prescribed or allowed is a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday, the period of time shall extend until the end of the next day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday.
   
      229  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892       

1.  
  Definition of Terms       As used in this Solicitation and any resulting Contract, the terms
listed below are defined as follows:      

1.1. 
   Attachment   means any item the Solicitation requires the Offeror to submit as part of the Offer.        

1.2. 
   Contract   means the combination of the Solicitation, including the Uniform and Special Instructions to Offerors, the Uniform and Special Terms and Conditions, and the Specifications and Statement or
Scope of Work; the Offer and any Best and Final Offers; and any Solicitation Amendments or Contract Amendments.        

1.3. 
   Contract Amendment   means a written document signed by the Procurement Officer that is issued for the purpose of making changes in the Contract.    

1.4. 
   Contractor   means any person who has a Contract with the State.        

1.5. 
   Days   means calendar days unless otherwise specified.        

1.6. 
   Exhibit   means any item labeled as an Exhibit in the Solicitation or placed in the Exhibits section of the Solicitation.    

1.7. 
   Gratuity   means a payment, loan, subscription, advance, deposit of money, services, or anything of more than nominal value, present or promised, unless consideration of substantially equal or greater
value is received.        

1.8. 
   Materials   means all property, including equipment, supplies, printing, insurance and leases of property but does not include land, a permanent interest in land or real property or leasing space.

1.9. 
   Procurement Officer   means the person, or his or her designee, duly authorized by the State to enter into and administer Contracts and make written determinations with respect to the Contract.

1.10. 
   Services   means the furnishing of labor, time or effort by a contractor or subcontractor which does not involve the delivery of a specific end product other than required reports and performance, but
does not include employment agreements or collective bargaining agreements.        

1.11. 
   Subcontract   means any Contract, express or implied, between the Contractor and another party or between a subcontractor and another party delegating or assigning, in whole or in part, the making or
furnishing of any material or any service required for the performance of the Contract.        

1.12. 
   State   means the State of Arizona and Department or Agency of the State that executes the Contract.        

1.13. 
   State Fiscal Year   means the period beginning with July 1 and ending June 30.        

2.  
  Contract Interpretation         

2.1. 
  Arizona Law . The Arizona law applies to this Contract including, where applicable, the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted by the State of Arizona and the Arizona Procurement Code, Arizona Revised Statutes
(A.R.S.) Title 41, Chapter 23, and its implementing rules, Arizona Administrative Code (A.A.C.) Title 2, Chapter 7.    
      230  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

2.2. 
  Implied Contract Terms . Each provision of law and any terms required by law to be in this Contract are a part of this Contract as if fully stated in it.    

2.3. 
  Contract Order of Precedence . In the event of a conflict in the provisions of the Contract, as accepted by the State and as they may be amended, the following shall prevail in the order set forth below:

2.3.7. 
 Documents referenced or included in the Solicitation.        

2.4. 
  Relationship of Parties . The Contractor under this Contract is an independent Contractor. Neither party to this Contract shall be deemed to be the employee or agent of the other party to the Contract.

2.5. 
  Severability . If any provision of these Contract terms and conditions is held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law.

2.6. 
  No Parole Evidence . This Contract is intended by the parties as a final and complete expression of their agreement. No course of prior dealings between the parties and no usage of the trade shall supplement or
explain any terms used in this document and no other understanding either oral or in writing shall be binding.        

2.7. 
  No Waiver . Either party s failure to insist on strict performance of any term or condition of the Contract shall not be deemed a waiver of that term or condition even if the party accepting or acquiescing in
the nonconforming performance knows of the nature of the performance and fails to object to it.        

2.8. 
  Conflict in Interpretation of Provisions.  In the event of any conflict in interpretation between provisions of this Contract and the AHCCCS/ADHS Minimum Contract Provisions, the latter shall take precedence.

3.  
  Contract Administration and Operation         

3.1. 
 Records Retention. The Contractor shall maintain records relating to covered services and expenditures including reports to AHCCCS/ADHS and documentation used in the preparation of reports to AHCCCS/ADHS. The Contractor
shall comply with all specifications for record keeping established by ADHS. All books and records shall be maintained to the extent and in such detail as required by AHCCCS/ADHS Rules and policies. Records shall include but not be limited to
financial statements, records relating to the quality of care, medical records, prescription files and other records specified by ADHS.    
      231  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  The Contractor agrees to make available, at all reasonable times during the term of this
contract, any of its records for inspection, audit or reproduction by any authorized representative of AHCCCS/ADHS, State or Federal government.  
 The Contractor shall preserve and make available, at no cost, all records for a period of five years from the date of final payment under this
contract unless a longer period of time is required by law. For retention of patient medical records, the Contractor shall ensure compliance with A.R.S.   12-2297  which provides, in part, that a health
care provider shall retain patient medical records according to the following:      

1. 
 If the patient is an adult, the provider shall retain the patient medical records for at least six years after the last date the adult patient received medical or health care services from that provider.

2. 
 If the patient is under 18 years of age, the provider shall retain the patient medical records either for at least three years after the child s eighteenth birthday or for at least six (6) years after the last
date the child received medical or health care services from that provider, whichever date occurs later.      In addition, the
Contractor shall comply with the record retention periods specified in HIPAA laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, (45 CFR 164.530(j)(2)).  
 If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be preserved and made available, at
no cost, for a period of five years from the date of any such termination. Records which relate to grievances, disputes, litigation or the settlement of claims arising out of the performance of this contract, or costs and expenses of this contract
to which exception has been taken by AHCCCS/ADHS, shall be retained by the Contractor for a period of five years after the date of final disposition or resolution thereof unless a longer period of time is required by law. [45 CFR 74.53; 42 CFR
431.17; A.R.S.   41-2548].     Under A.R.S.    35-214 
and    35-215,  the Contractor shall retain and shall contractually require each subcontractor to retain all data and other  records  relating to the acquisition and performance of the Contract.

3.2. 
   Non-Discrimination  Requirements . The Contractor shall comply with State Executive Order  No. 2009-09  which mandates that all
persons, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, national origin or political affiliation, shall have equal access to employment opportunities, and all other applicable Federal and State laws, rules and regulations, including the Americans with
Disabilities Act and Title VI. The Contractor shall take positive action to ensure that applicants for employment, employees, and persons to whom it provides service are not discriminated against due to race, creed, color, religion, sex, national
origin or disability. (Federal regulations, State Executive order #  2009-09.         

3.3. 
  Audit . Pursuant to ARS    35-214,  at any time during the term of this Contract and five (5) years thereafter, the Contractor s or any subcontractor s
books and records shall be subject to audit by the State and, where applicable, the Federal Government, to the extent that the books and records relate to the performance of the Contract or Subcontract.    

3.4. 
  Facilities Inspection and Materials Testing . The Contractor agrees to permit access to its facilities, subcontractor facilities and the Contractor s processes or services, at reasonable times for inspection
of the facilities or materials covered under this Contract.    
      232  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  The State shall also have the right to test, at its own cost, the materials to be supplied
under this Contract. Neither inspection of the Contractor s facilities nor materials testing shall constitute final acceptance of the materials or services. If the State determines  non-compliance  of the
materials, the Contractor shall be responsible for the payment of all costs incurred by the State for testing and inspection.      

3.5. 
  Notices . Notices to the Contractor required by this Contract shall be made by the State to the person indicated on the Offer and Acceptance form submitted by the Contractor unless otherwise stated in the
Contract. Notices to the State required by the Contract shall be made by the Contractor to the Solicitation Contact Person indicated on the Solicitation cover sheet, unless otherwise stated in the Contract. An authorized Procurement Officer and an
authorized Contractor representative may change their respective person to whom notice shall be given by written notice to the other and an amendment to the Contract shall not be necessary.    

3.6. 
  Advertising, Publishing and Promotion of Contract . The Contractor shall not use, advertise or promote information for commercial benefit concerning this Contract without the prior written approval of the
Procurement Officer.        

3.7. 
  Property of the State . Any materials, including reports, computer programs and other deliverables, created under this Contract are the sole property of the State. The Contractor is not entitled to a patent or
copyright on those materials and may not transfer the patent or copyright to anyone else. The Contractor shall not use or release these materials without the prior written consent of the State.    

3.8. 
  Ownership of Intellectual Property . Any and all intellectual property, including but not limited to copyright, invention, trademark, trade name, service mark, and/or trade secrets created or conceived pursuant to
or as a result of this contract and any related subcontract ( Intellectual Property ), shall be work made for hire and the State shall be considered the creator of such Intellectual Property. The agency, department, division, board or
commission of the State of Arizona requesting the issuance of this contract shall own (for and on behalf of the State) the entire right, title and interest to the Intellectual Property throughout the world. Contractor shall notify the State, within
thirty (30) days, of the creation of any Intellectual Property by it or its subcontractor(s). Contractor, on behalf of itself and any subcontractor(s), agrees to execute any and all document(s) necessary to assure ownership of the Intellectual
Property vests in the State and shall take no affirmative actions that might have the effect of vesting all or part of the Intellectual Property in any entity other than the State. The Intellectual Property shall not be disclosed by contractor or
its subcontractor(s) to any entity not the State without the express written authorization of the agency, department, division, board or commission of the State of Arizona requesting the issuance of this contract.    

3.9. 
  Federal Immigration and Nationality Act . The contractor shall comply with all federal, state and local immigration laws and regulations relating to the immigration status of their employees during the term of the
contract. Further, the contractor shall flow down this requirement to all subcontractors utilized during the term of the contract. The State shall retain the right to perform random audits of contractor and subcontractor records or to inspect papers
of any employee thereof to ensure compliance. Should the State determine that the contractor and/or any subcontractors be found noncompliant, the State may pursue all remedies allowed by law, including, but not limited to; suspension of work,
termination of the contract for default and suspension and/or debarment of the contractor.    
      233  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

3.10. 
   E-Verify  Requirements . In accordance with A.R.S.    41-4401,  Contractor and its subcontractors warrants compliance with all
Federal immigration laws and regulations relating to employees and warrants its compliance with Section A.R.S.    23-214,  Subsection A.    

3.11. 
  Scrutinized Businesses . In accordance with A.R.S.    35-391  and A.R.S.    35-393,  Contractor certifies that the Contractor
does not have scrutinized business operations in Sudan or Iran.        

3.12. 
  Offshore Performance of Work Prohibited .      Any services that are described in the
specifications or scope of work that directly serve the State of Arizona or its clients and involve access to secure or sensitive data or personal client data shall be performed within the defined territories, within the borders of the United
States. Unless specifically stated otherwise in the specifications, this paragraph does not apply to indirect or  overhead  services, redundant  back-up  services or services that are incidental to the
performance of the contract. This provision applies to work performed by subcontractors at all tiers.      

4.  
  Costs and Payments         

4.1. 
  Payments . Payments shall comply with the requirements of A.R.S. Titles 35 and 41, Net 30 days. Upon receipt and acceptance of goods or services, the Contractor shall submit a complete and accurate invoice for
payment from the State within thirty (30) days.        

4.2. 
  Delivery . Unless stated otherwise in the Contract, all prices shall be F.O.B. Destination and shall include all freight delivery and unloading at the destination.    

4.3.1. 
  Payment of Taxes . The Contractor shall be responsible for paying all applicable taxes.        

4.3.2. 
  State and Local Transaction Privilege Taxes . The State of Arizona is subject to all applicable state and local transaction privilege taxes. Transaction privilege taxes apply to the sale and are the responsibility
of the seller to remit. Failure to collect such taxes from the buyer does not relieve the seller from its obligation to remit taxes.        

4.3.3. 
  Tax Indemnification . Contractor and all subcontractors shall pay all Federal, state and local taxes applicable to its operation and any persons employed by the Contractor. Contractor shall, and require all
subcontractors to hold the State harmless from any responsibility for taxes, damages and interest, if applicable, contributions required under Federal, and/or state and local laws and regulations and any other costs including transaction privilege
taxes, unemployment compensation insurance, Social Security and Worker s Compensation.        

4.3.4. 
  IRS W9 Form . In order to receive payment the Contractor shall have a current I.R.S. W9 Form on file with the State of Arizona, unless not required by law.    

4.4. 
  Availability of Funds for the Next State fiscal year . Funds may not presently be available for performance under this Contract beyond the current state fiscal year. No legal liability on the part of the State for
any payment may arise under this Contract beyond the current state fiscal year until funds are made available for performance of this Contract.    
      234  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

4.5. 
  Availability of Funds for the current State fiscal year . Should the State Legislature enter back into session and reduce the appropriations or for any reason and these goods or services are not funded, the State
may take any of the following actions:        

4.5.1. 
 Accept a decrease in price offered by the contractor;        

4.5.3. 
 Cancel the contract and  re-solicit  the requirements.        

5.  
  Contract Changes         

5.1. 
  Amendments . This Contract is issued under the authority of the Procurement Officer who signed this Contract. The Contract may be modified only through a Contract Amendment within the scope of the Contract.
Changes to the Contract, including the addition of work or materials, the revision of payment terms, or the substitution of work or materials, directed by a person who is not specifically authorized by the procurement officer in writing or made
unilaterally by the Contractor are violations of the Contract and of applicable law. Such changes, including unauthorized written Contract Amendments shall be void and without effect, and the Contractor shall not be entitled to any claim under this
Contract based on those changes.        

5.2. 
  Subcontracts . The Contractor shall not enter into any Subcontract under this Contract for the performance of this contract without the advance written approval of the Procurement Officer. The Contractor shall
clearly list any proposed subcontractors and the subcontractor s proposed responsibilities. The Subcontract shall incorporate by reference the terms and conditions of this Contract.    

5.3. 
  Assignment and Delegation of Rights and Responsibilities . No payment due the Contractor under this Contract may be assigned without the prior approval of the ADHS Procurement Officer. No assignment or delegation
of the duties of this Contract shall be valid unless prior written approval is received from ADHS Procurement.        

6.  
  Risk and Liability         

6.1. 
  Risk of Loss : The Contractor shall bear all loss of conforming material covered under this Contract until received by authorized personnel at the location designated in the purchase order or Contract. Mere
receipt does not constitute final acceptance. The risk of loss for nonconforming materials shall remain with the Contractor regardless of receipt.        

6.2.1. 
  Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Not Public Agency)  The parties to this contract agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be indemnified and held harmless by the
contractor for the vicarious liability of the State as a result of entering into this contract. However, the parties further agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be responsible for its own
negligence. Each party to this contract is responsible for its own negligence.        

6.2.2. 
  Public Agency Language Only  Each party (as  indemnitor ) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party (as  indemnitee ) from and against any and all claims, losses,
liability, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) (hereinafter collectively referred to as  claims ) arising out of bodily injury of any person (including death) or property damage but only to the extent that such
claims which result in vicarious/derivative liability to the indemnitee, are caused by the act, omission, negligence, misconduct, or other fault of the indemnitor, its officers, officials, agents, employees, or volunteers.     
      235  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.3. 
  Indemnification - Patent and Copyright  .  The Contractor shall indemnify and hold harmless the State against any liability, including costs and expenses, for infringement of any patent, trademark or
copyright arising out of Contract performance or use by the State of materials furnished or work performed under this Contract. The State shall reasonably notify the Contractor of any claim for which it may be liable under this paragraph. If the
contractor is insured pursuant to A.R.S.    41-621  and    35-154,  this section shall not apply.    

6.4.1. 
 Except for payment of sums due, neither party shall be liable to the other nor deemed in default under this Contract if and to the extent that such party s performance of this Contract is prevented by reason of
force majeure. The term   force majeure   means an occurrence that is beyond the control of the party affected and occurs without its fault or negligence. Without limiting the foregoing, force majeure includes acts of God; acts of the
public enemy; war; riots; strikes; mobilization; labor disputes; civil disorders; fire; flood; lockouts; injunctions-intervention-acts; or failures or refusals to act by government authority; and other similar occurrences beyond the control of the
party declaring force majeure which such party is unable to prevent by exercising reasonable diligence.        

6.4.2. 
 Force Majeure shall  not  include the following occurrences:        

6.4.2.1. 
 Late delivery of equipment or materials caused by congestion at a manufacturer s plant or elsewhere, or an oversold condition of the market;    

6.4.2.2. 
 Late performance by a subcontractor unless the delay arises out of a force majeure occurrence in accordance with this force majeure term and condition; or    

6.4.2.3. 
 Inability of either the Contractor or any subcontractor to acquire or maintain any required insurance, bonds, licenses or permits.        

6.4.3. 
 If either party is delayed at any time in the progress of the work by force majeure, the delayed party shall notify the other party in writing of such delay, as soon as is practicable and no later than the following
working day, of the commencement thereof and shall specify the causes of such delay in such notice. Such notice shall be delivered or mailed certified-return receipt and shall make a specific reference to this article, thereby invoking its
provisions. The delayed party shall cause such delay to cease as soon as practicable and shall notify the other party in writing when it has done so. The time of completion shall be extended by Contract Amendment for a period of time equal to the
time that results or effects of such delay prevent the delayed party from performing in accordance with this Contract.        

6.4.4. 
 Any delay or failure in performance by either party hereto shall not constitute default hereunder or give rise to any claim for damages or loss of anticipated profits if, and to the extent that such delay or failure is
caused by force majeure.        

6.5. 
  Third Party Antitrust Violations . The Contractor assigns to the State any claim for overcharges resulting from antitrust violations to the extent that those violations concern materials or services supplied by
third parties to the Contractor, toward fulfillment of this Contract.    
      236  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.  
  Warranties         

7.1. 
  Liens . The Contractor warrants that the materials supplied under this Contract are free of liens and shall remain free of liens.    

7.2. 
  Quality . Unless otherwise modified elsewhere in these terms and conditions, the Contractor warrants that, for one year after acceptance by the State of the materials, they shall be:    

7.2.1. 
 Of a quality to pass without objection in the trade under the Contract description;        

7.2.2. 
 Fit for the intended purposes for which the materials are used;        

7.2.3. 
 Within the variations permitted by the Contract and are of even kind, quantity, and quality within each unit and among all units;        

7.2.4. 
 Adequately contained, packaged and marked as the Contract may require; and        

7.2.5. 
 Conform to the written promises or affirmations of fact made by the Contractor.        

7.3. 
  Fitness . The Contractor warrants that any material supplied to the State shall fully conform to all requirements of the Contract and all representations of the Contractor, and shall be fit for all purposes and
uses required by the Contract.        

7.4. 
  Inspection/Testing . The warranties set forth in subparagraphs 7.2.1 through 7.2.3 of this paragraph are not affected by inspection or testing of or payment for the materials by the State.    

7.5. 
  Evaluation of Quality, Appropriateness, or Timeliness of Services . ADHS/AHCCCS or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services may evaluate, through inspection or other means, the quality, appropriateness or
timeliness of services performed under this subcontract.        

7.6. 
  Compliance with ADHS/AHCCCS Rules Relating to Audit and Inspection . The Contractor shall comply with all applicable ADHS/AHCCCS Rules and Audit Guides relating to the audit of the Contractor s records and
the inspection of the Subcontractor s facilities. If the Contractor is an inpatient facility, the Contractor shall file uniform reports and Title XVIII and Title XIX cost reports with ADHS/AHCCCS. (A.R.S.
  41-2548;  45 CFR 74.48 (d)).        

7.7. 
  Compliance With Laws and Other Requirements . The materials and services supplied under this Contract shall comply with all Federal, State and local laws, rules, regulations, standards and executive orders
governing performance of duties under this Contract, without limitation to those designated within this Contract. [42 CFR 434.70] [42 CFR 438.6(l)]. The Contractor shall maintain all applicable license and permit requirements.    

7.8. 
  Survival of Rights and Obligations after Contract Expiration or Termination .        

7.8.1. 
  Contractor s Representations and Warranties.  All representations and warranties made by the Contractor under this Contract shall survive the expiration or termination hereof. In addition, the parties hereto
acknowledge that pursuant to A.R.S.    12-510,  except as provided in A.R.S.    12-529,  the State is not subject to or barred by any limitations of actions
prescribed in A.R.S., Title 12, Chapter 5.    
      237  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.8.2 
  Certification of Truthfulness of Representation . By signing this Contract, the Contractor certifies that all representations set forth herein are true to the best of its knowledge.    

7.8.3 
  Purchase Orders . The Contractor shall, in accordance with all terms and conditions of the Contract, fully perform and shall be obligated to comply with all purchase orders received by the Contractor prior to the
expiration or termination hereof, unless otherwise directed in writing by the Procurement Officer, including, without limitation, all purchase orders received prior to but not fully performed and satisfied at the expiration or termination of this
Contract.        

7.9 
  Standards of Conduct . The subcontractor will perform services for members consistent with the proper and required practice of medicine and must adhere to the customary rules of ethics and conduct of its
appropriate professional organization including, but not limited to, the American Medical Association and other national and state boards and associations or health care professionals to which they are subject to licensing, certification, and
control.        

7.10 
  Warranty of Services . The Contractor, by execution of this subcontract, warrants that it has the ability, authority, skill, expertise and capacity to perform the services specified in this contract.

8.  
  Contractual Remedies         

8.1. 
  Right to Assurance.  If the State in good faith has reason to believe that the Contractor does not intend to, or is unable to perform or continue performing under this Contract, the Procurement Officer may demand
in writing that the Contractor give a written assurance of intent to perform. Failure by the Contractor to provide written assurance within the number of Days specified in the demand may, at the State s option, be the basis for terminating the
Contract under the Uniform Terms and Conditions or other rights and remedies available by law or provided by the contract.        

8.2.1. 
 The State may, at any time, by written order to the Contractor, require the Contractor to stop all or any part, of the work called for by this Contract for period(s) of days indicated by the State after the order is
delivered to the Contractor. The order shall be specifically identified as a stop work order issued under this clause. Upon receipt of the order, the Contractor shall immediately comply with its terms and take all reasonable steps to minimize the
incurrence of costs allocable to the work covered by the order during the period of work stoppage.        

8.2.2. 
 If a stop work order issued under this clause is canceled or the period of the order or any extension expires, the Contractor shall resume work. The Procurement Officer shall make an equitable adjustment in the delivery
schedule or Contract price, or both, and the Contract shall be amended in writing accordingly.        

8.3. 
   Non-exclusive  Remedies . The rights and the remedies of the State under this Contract are not exclusive.    

8.4. 
    Nonconforming Tender . Materials or services supplied under this Contract shall fully comply with the
Contract. The delivery of materials or services or a portion of the materials or services that do not fully comply constitutes a breach of contract. On delivery     
      238  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

of nonconforming materials or services, the State may terminate the Contract for default under applicable termination clauses in the Contract exercise any of its rights and remedies under the
Uniform Commercial Code, or pursue any other right or remedy available to it.        

8.5. 
  Right of Offset . The State shall be entitled to offset against any sums due the Contractor, any expenses or costs incurred by the State, or damages assessed by the State concerning the Contractor s  non-conforming  performance or failure to perform the Contract, including expenses, costs and damages described in the Uniform Terms and Conditions.    

9.  
  Contract Termination         

9.1. 
  Cancellation for Conflict of Interest . Pursuant to A.R.S.    38-511,  the State may cancel this Contract within three (3) years after Contract execution without
penalty or further obligation if any person significantly involved in initiating, negotiating, securing, drafting or creating the Contract on behalf of the State is or becomes at any time while the Contract or an extension of the Contract is in
effect an employee of or a consultant to any other party to this Contract with respect to the subject matter of the Contract. The cancellation shall be effective when the Contractor receives written notice of the cancellation unless the notice
specifies a later time. If the Contractor is a political subdivision of the State, it may also cancel this Contract as provided in A.R.S.    38-511.     

9.2. 
  Gratuities, Termination of Contract . ADHS may, by written notice to the Contractor, terminate this Contract if it is found, after notice and hearing by the State, that gratuities in the form of entertainment,
gifts, or otherwise were offered or given by the Contractor, or any agent or representative of the Contractor, to any officer or employee of the State with a view towards securing a contract or securing favorable treatment with respect to the
awarding, amending or the making of any determinations with respect to the performance of the Contractor; provided, that the existence of the facts upon which the state makes such findings shall be in issue and may be reviewed in any competent
court. If the Contract is terminated under this section, unless the Contractor is a governmental agency, instrumentality or subdivision thereof, ADHS shall be entitled to a penalty, in addition to any other damages to which it may be entitled by
law, and to exemplary damages in the amount of three times the cost incurred by the Contractor in providing any such gratuities to any such officer or employee. [A.A.C.
  R2-5-501;   A.R.S.   41-2616  C.; 42 CFR 434.6, a. (6)].    

9.3. 
  Suspension or Debarment . The State may, by written notice to the Contractor, immediately terminate this Contract if the State determines that the Contractor has been debarred, suspended or otherwise lawfully
prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity, including but not limited to, being disapproved as a subcontractor of any public procurement unit or other governmental body. Submittal of an offer or execution of a contract shall
attest that the contractor is not currently suspended or debarred. If the contractor becomes suspended or debarred, the contractor shall immediately notify the State.    

9.4. 
  Termination for Convenience . The State reserves the right to terminate the Contract, in whole or in part at any time when in the best interest of the State, without penalty or recourse. Upon receipt of the
written notice, the Contractor shall stop all work, as directed in the notice, notify all subcontractors of the effective date of the termination and minimize all further costs to the State. In the event of termination under this paragraph, all
documents, data and reports prepared by the Contractor under the Contract shall become the property of and be delivered to the State upon demand. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive just and equitable compensation for work in progress, work
completed and materials accepted before the effective date of the termination. The cost principles and procedures provided in A.A.C.   R2-7-701   shall apply.
   
      239  

UNIFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  SOLICITATION NO: ADHS15-00004276       

9.5. 
  Termination for Default .        

9.5.1. 
 In addition to the rights reserved in the contract, the State may terminate the Contract in whole or in part due to the failure of the Contractor to comply with any term or condition of the Contract, to acquire and
maintain all required insurance policies, bonds, licenses and permits, or to make satisfactory progress in performing the Contract. The Procurement Officer shall provide written notice of the termination and the reasons for it to the Contractor.

9.5.2. 
 Upon termination under this paragraph, all goods, materials, documents, data and reports prepared by the Contractor under the Contract shall become the property of and be delivered to the State on demand.

9.5.3. 
 The State may, upon termination of this Contract, procure, on terms and in the manner that it deems appropriate, materials or services to replace those under this Contract. The Contractor shall be liable to the State
for any excess costs incurred by the State in procuring materials or services in substitution for those due from the Contractor.        

9.6. 
  Continuation of Performance Through Termination . The Contractor shall continue to perform, in accordance with the requirements of the Contract, up to the date of termination, as directed in the termination
notice.        
   All contract claims or controversies under this Contract shall be
resolved according to A.R.S. Title 41, Chapter 23, Article 9, and rules adopted thereunder.      
   The parties to this Contract agree to resolve all disputes arising out of
or relating to this contract through arbitration, after exhausting applicable administrative review, to the extent required by A.R.S.    12-1518,  except as may be required by other applicable statutes
(Title 41).      
   The State Procurement Office periodically reviews the Uniform Terms
and Conditions and welcomes any comments you may have. Please submit your comments to: State Procurement Administrator, State Procurement Office, 100 North 15 th  Avenue, Suite 201, Phoenix,
Arizona, 85007.  
      240  

EXHIBIT SUMMARY   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-085892     The Exhibits
for this Solicitation are described below:      

Exhibit 1 
    
 Definitions  

Exhibit 2 
    
 Acronyms  

Exhibit 3 
    
 Medicare Requirement to Coordinate Care for Dual Eligible SMI Members  

Exhibit 4 
    
 Placeholder  

Exhibit 5 
    
 Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery  

Exhibit 6 
    
 Adult Service Delivery System-Nine Guiding Principles  

Exhibit 7 
    
 Documents Incorporated by Reference (For a detailed listing of all documents refer to Exhibit 7)  

Exhibit 8 
    
 Informational Documents (For a detailed list of all documents see Exhibit 8)  

Exhibit 9 
    
 Deliverables  

Exhibit 10 
    
 Greater Arizona Zip Codes  

Exhibit 11 
    
 2016 Capitation Rates Information  

Exhibit 12 
    
 Placeholder  

Exhibit 13 
    
 Pledge to Protect Confidential Information  
 
      241  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

1.  
  638 Tribal Facility  or an IHS or 638 tribal facility; means a facility that is owned and/or operated by a Federally recognized American Indian/Alaskan Native Tribe and that is authorized to provide services
pursuant to Public Law  93-638,  as amended. Also referred to as: tribally owned and/or operated 638 facility, tribally owned and/or operated facility, 638 tribal facility, and tribally-operated 638 health
program.        

2.  
  834 Transaction Enrollment/Disenrollment  means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) compliant transmission, by a health care provider to a tribal or Regional Behavioral
Health Authority (RBHA) and by a T/RBHA to ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS that contains information to establish or terminate a person s enrollment in the ADHS/DBHS service delivery system.    

3.  
  1931s  (also referred to as TANF or TANF-related) means the benefits provided to eligible individuals and families with household income levels at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL) under
Section 1931 of the Social Security Act.        

4.  
  Action : MCO   PIHP. The contract must define action as the:        

4.1 
 Denial or limited authorization of a requested service, including the type or level of service;        

4.2 
 Reduction, suspension, or termination of a previously authorized service;        

4.3 
 Denial, in whole or in part, of payment for a service;        

4.4 
 Failure to provide services in a timely manner, as defined by the State*;        

4.5 
 Failure of an MCO or PIHP to act within the timeframes; or        

4.6 
 For a rural area resident with only one MCO or PIHP, the denial of a Medicaid enrollee s request to obtain services outside the network**:    

4.7 
 From any other provider (in terms of training, experience, and specialization) not available within the network        

4.8 
 From a provider not part of the network who is the main source of a service to the recipient - provided that the provider is given the same opportunity to become a participating provider as other similar providers. If
the provider does not choose to join the network or does not meet the qualifications, the enrollee is given a choice of participating providers and is transitioned to a participating provider within 60 days.    

4.9 
 Because the only plan or provider available does not provide the service because of moral or religious objections.        

4.10 
 Because the recipient s provider determines that the recipient needs related services that would subject the recipient to unnecessary risk if received separately and not all related services are available within
the network.        

4.11 
 The State determines that other circumstances warrant   out-of-network   treatment.    
      242  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

* 
 Note: The State must define the action  failure to provide services in a timely manner  in the Contract.    

** 
 Note: only the MCO or PIHP definition of action includes this rural area provision. The PAHP and PCCM definition of action is found at 42 CFR 431.201 and does not allow for State fair hearings for the denial of these
requests unless the State so chooses at its option.        

5.  
  Acute Care Contractor  means a contracted managed care organization (also known as a health plan) that provides acute care physical health services to AHCCCS members in the acute care program who are Title
XIX or Title XXI eligible. The Acute Care Contractor is also responsible for providing behavioral health services for its enrolled members who are treated by a Primary Care Provider (PCP) for anxiety, depression, and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity
Disorder (ADHD). Effective October 1, 2015, Acute Care Contractors are also responsible for providing behavioral health services for dual eligible adult members with General Mental Health and/or Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) needs. For other acute
care populations, behavioral health services are carved out and are provided through Tribal or Regional Behavioral Health Authorities.        

6.  
  Adjudicated Claims  or  Adjudicated Encounters  means claims or encounters that have been received and processed by the Contractor, and which resulted in a payment or denial of payment.

7.  
  Administrative Costs  means administrative expenses incurred to manage the health system, including, but not limited to provider relations and contracting; provider billing; accounting; information technology
services; processing and investigating grievances and appeals; legal services, which includes legal representation of the Contractor at administrative hearings; planning; program development; program evaluation; personnel management; staff
development and training; provider auditing and monitoring; utilization review and quality assurance. Administrative costs do not include expenses incurred for the direct provision of health care services, including case management, or integrated
health care services.        

8.  
  Administrative Services Subcontracts  means an agreement that delegates any of the requirements of the contract with ADHS including, but not limited to the following:    

a. 
 Claims processing, including pharmacy claims,        

b. 
 Credentialing, including those for only primary source verification (i.e. Credential Verification        

c. 
 Organization).        

d. 
 Management Service Agreements;        

e. 
 Service Level Agreements with any Division or Subsidiary of a corporate parent owner;        

f. 
 DDD acute care and behavioral health subcontractors;        

g. 
 ADHS/DBHS subcontracted Tribal/Regional Behavioral Health Authorities and the Integrated        

h. 
 Regional Behavioral Health Authority.        

i. 
 Providers are not Administrative Services Subcontractors.        

9.  
  Adult  means a person eighteen (18) years of age or older, unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule, or policies adopted by the ADHS or AHCCCS.    

243  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

13.  
  American Indian Health Program  (AIHP) means the physical health care service delivery program for eligible American Indians who choose to receive services through the Indian Health Service or tribal health
programs operated by 638 facilities or an IHS or 638 tribal facility, AIHP is formerly known as the AHCCCS IHS FFS Program.        

14.  
  Arizona Administrative Code  (A.A.C.) means the state regulations, or rules, established pursuant to relevant statutes.        

15.  
  Arizona Department of Child Safety  means the department established pursuant to A.R.S.   8-451  to protect children and to perform the following: 1. Investigate
reports of abuse and neglect, 2. Assess, promote and support the safety of a child in a safe and stable family or other appropriate placement in response to allegations of abuse or neglect. 3. Work cooperatively with law enforcement regarding
reports that include criminal conduct allegations. 4. Without compromising child safety, coordinate services to achieve and maintain permanency on behalf of the child, strengthen the family and provide prevention, intervention and treatment services
pursuant to this chapter.        

16.  
  Arizona Department of Economic Security  (ADES) means the state agency that has the powers and duties set forth in A.R.S.    41-1951,  et seq.    

17.  
  Arizona Department of Health Services  (ADHS) means the state agency mandated to provide behavioral health services to Title XIX and Title XXI Acute care members who are eligible for behavioral health
services. Services are provided through the ADHS Division of Behavioral Health and its Contractors.        

18.  
  Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System  (AHCCCS) means the state agency composed of the Administration, Contractors, and other arrangements through which health care services are provided to an eligible
person, as defined by A.R.S.    36-2902,  et seq.        

19.  
  AHCCCS Eligibility Determination  means the process of determining, through a written application and required documentation, whether an applicant meets the criteria for Title XIX/XXI funded services.

20.  
  AHCCCS Health Plan  means an organization or entity that has a contract with AHCCCS to provide specified health-related goods and services in conformance with the stated requirements, Arizona statute and
rules, and federal law and regulations.        

21.  
  AHCCCS Prepaid Medical Management Information System  (PMMIS) means the electronic information system maintained by AHCCCS to determine Title XIX/XXI eligibility and AHCCCS Health Plan enrollment information.

22.  
  AHCCCS Registered Provider  means a provider that enters into an agreement with AHCCCS under A.A.C.   R9-22-703(A),   and meets
licensing or certification requirements to provide covered services.        

23.  
  Arizona Long-Term Care System  or  ALTCS  means the AHCCCS program that delivers long-term, acute, behavioral health and case management services to members, as authorized by A.R.S.    36-2932,  et seq.    
      244  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

24.  
  Arizona Revised Statutes  (A.R.S.) means the laws of the State of Arizona.        

25.  
  Assigned Geographic Service Area  means the contracted awarded area as identified in Exhibit 10.        

27.  
  Bed Hold  means a (24) hour per day unit of service that is authorized by an ALTCS member s case manager or the behavioral health case manager or a subcontractor for an acute care member, which may
be billed despite the member s absence from the facility for the purposes of short term hospitalization leave and therapeutic leave. Refer to the Arizona Medicaid State Plan, [42 CFR   447.40 and 483.12], and 9 A.A.C. 28 for more
information on the bed hold service and AMPM Chapter 100.        

28.  
  Behavioral Health  (BH) means mental health and substance use/abuse collectively.        

29.  
  Behavioral Health Disorder  means any behavioral, mental health, and/or substance use diagnoses found in the most current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of International Classification of
Disorders (DSM) excluding those diagnoses such as mental retardation, learning disorders and dementia, which are not typically responsive to mental health or substance abuse treatment.    

30.  
  Behavioral Health Medical Professional  means an individual licensed and authorized by law to use and prescribe medication and devices, as defined in A.R.S.  
 32-1901,  and who is one of the following with at least one year of full-time behavioral health work experience:        

25.2 
 A physician assistant; or a registered nurse practitioner.        

31.  
  Behavioral Health Paraprofessional  means as specified in   R9-10-101,   an individual who is not a behavioral health professional
who provides behavioral health services at or for a health care institution according to the health care institution s policies and procedures that: a. If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health
care institution, the individual would be required to be licensed as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33; and b. Are provided under supervision by a behavioral health professional.    

32.  
  Behavioral Health Professional  means as specified in   R9-10-101,   an individual licensed under A.R.S. Title 32 Chapter 33, whose
scope of practice allows the individual to: a. Independently engage in the practice of behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.    32-3251;  or b. Except for a licensed substance abuse technician, engage in
the practice of behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.   32-3251  under direct supervision as defined in A.A.C.   R4-6-101   c. A
psychiatrist as defined in A.R.S.    36-501;d.  A psychologist as defined in A.R.S.    32-2061;  e. A physician; f. A registered nurse practitioner licensed as an
adult psychiatric and mental health nurse; or g. A behavior analyst as defined in A.R.S.   32-2091;  or h. A registered nurse.    

33.  
  Behavioral Health Provider  means an individual or facility that delivers behavioral health services as a subcontractor in Contractor s provider network.    

34.  
  Behavioral Health Residential Facility  (formally known as Level I and Level II facilities) means a health care institution that provides treatment to an individual experiencing a behavioral health issue
that: a. Limits the individual s ability to be independent, or b. Causes the individual to require treatment to maintain or enhance independence.    
      245  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

35.  
  Behavioral Health Services  means a physician or practitioner services, nursing services, health-related services, or ancillary services provided to an individual to address the individual s behavioral
health issue. See also  COVERED SERVICES.         

36.  
  Behavioral Health Technician  means as specified in   R9-10-101,   an individual who is not a behavioral health professional who
provides behavioral health services at or for a health care institution according to the health care institution s policies and procedures that: a. If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health care
institution, the individual would be required to be licensed as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33; and b. Are provided with clinical oversight by a behavioral health professional.    

37.  
  Best Practices  means evidence-based practices, promising practices, or emerging practices.        

38.  
  Board Certified  means a professional who has successfully completed all prerequisites of the respective specialty board and successfully passed the required examination for certification and when applicable,
requirements for maintenance of certification.        

39.  
  Board Eligible for Psychiatry  means a physician with documentation of completion of an accredited psychiatry residency program approved by the American College of Graduate Medical Education, or the American
Osteopathic Association. Documentation would include either a certificate of residency training including exact dates, or a letter of verification of residency training from the training director including the exact dates of training.

40.  
  Border Communities  means the cities, towns or municipalities located in Arizona and within a designated geographic service area whose residents typically receive primary or emergency care in adjacent
Geographic Service Areas or neighboring states, excluding neighboring countries, due to service availability or distance A.A.C.   R9-22-201(F),     R9-22-201(G),     R9-22-101(B).      

41.  
  Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Program  means the program that serves eligible individuals under the Title XIX expansion program for women with income up to 250% of the FPL, who are diagnosed with and
need treatment for breast and/or cervical cancer or cervical lesions and are not eligible for other Title XIX programs providing full Title XIX services. Qualifying individuals cannot have other creditable health insurance coverage, including
Medicare.        

42.  
  Care Management Program  (CMP) means the process, methods and activities to identify high/need high/cost SMI members receiving physical health services and designing clinical interventions or alternative
treatment to reduce risk, cost and help members achieve better health care outcomes.        

43.  
  Capitation  means the payment to the Contractor by ADHS/DBHS of a fixed monthly payment per person in advance, for which the Contractor provides medically necessary covered services as authorized under A.R.S.
    36-2904  and  36-2907.         

44.  
  Case Manager  means an individual as described in Arizona Administrative Code, Title 9, Chapter 21 and Chapter 28, and Title 6, Chapter 6.    

45.  
  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services  (CMS) means the organization within the United States Department of Health and Human Services, which administers the Medicare and Medicaid programs and the State
Children s Health Insurance Program.    
      246  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

46.  
  Child  means a person under the age of eighteen (18), unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule or policies adopted by the ADHS/DBHS or AHCCCS.    

47.  
  Child and Family Team  (CFT) means a defined group of individuals that includes, at a minimum, the child and his or her family, a behavioral health representative, and any individuals important in the
child s life that are identified and invited to participate by the child and family. This may include teachers, extended family members, friends, family support partners, healthcare providers, coaches, community resource providers,
representatives from churches, synagogues or mosques, agents from other service systems like Department of Child Safety (DCS) or the Department of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). The size, scope and intensity of involvement of the team members are
determined by the objectives established for the child, the needs of the family in providing for the child, and by who is needed to develop an effective service plan, and can therefore expand and contract as necessary to be successful on behalf of
the child.        

48.  
  Children s Rehabilitative Services  (CRS) means an individual who has completed the CRS application process, as delineated in the CRS Policy and Procedure Manual, and has met all applicable criteria to
be eligible to receive  CRS-related  services as defined in A.C.C.   R9-22-1401   and A.R.S.  
 36-261.  A program that provides medical treatment, rehabilitation, and related support services to Title XIX and Title XXI members who have completed the CRS application and have met the eligibility criteria
to receive  CRS-related  services as specified in 9 A.A.C. 22.        

49.  
  Claim  means a service billed under a   fee-for-service   arrangement.    

50.  
  Claim Dispute  means a dispute of a payment, denial or recoupment of the payment of a claim, or imposition of a sanction, by ADHS. All Contractor Claim Disputes with ADHS shall be resolved in accordance with
the process set forth in the ADHS Policy and Procedures Manual section on Contractor and Provider Claim Disputes.        

51.  
  Clean Claim  means a claim that may be processed without obtaining additional information from the service provider or from a third party, but does not include a claim under investigation for fraud, waste or
program abuse or under review for medical necessity.        

52.  
  Client Information System  (CIS) means the data collection and information system currently used by ADHS/DBHS.        

53.  
  Cold Call Marketing  means any unsolicited personal contact by the MCO, PIHP, PAHP, or PCCM with a potential enrollee for the purpose of marketing as defined in this paragraph.    

54.  
  Comprehensive Medical and Dental Plan  (CMDP) means the AHCCCS Health Plan administered through Arizona Department of Economic Security (ADES) that provides physical health care services for children in the
care and custody of the State.        

55.  
  Conflict of Interest  (COI) means any situation in which the Contractor or an individual employed or retained by the Contractor is in a position to exploit a contractual, professional or official capacity in
some way for personal or organizational benefit that otherwise would not exist.        

56.  
  Contract Award Date  means the date that appears in the  Acceptance  section of the Offer and Acceptance form executed by the State.    
      247  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

57.  
  Contract  Close-Out  Period  means the period after the expiration of the contract, during which the contracted entity must continue to fulfill obligations that survive
past the expiration of the contract (see also Uniform Terms and Conditions, Warranties, Survival of Rights and Obligations after Contract Expiration or Termination).    

58.  
  Contract Performance Start Date  means the date the Contractor is required to deliver covered services to members. This date may be specified on the Offer and Acceptance form executed by the State, or by
notice to the Contractor.        

59.  
  Contract Transition Period  means the time period between the Contract Award Date to the Contract Performance Start Date.    

60.  
  Contract Year  (CY) means the time period that corresponds to the federal fiscal year, October 1 through September 30 used for financial reporting purposes.    

61.  
  Contractor  means any person who has a contract with the State, which includes the organization or entity directly contracted with ADHS/DBHS to coordinate the delivery of and to provide covered services
specified in the Contract, in conformance with the stated contract requirements; federal and state law and regulations.        

62.  
  Copayment  means a monetary amount specified that the member pays directly to a contractor or provider at the time covered services are rendered, as defined in A.C.C.   R9-22-701.          

63.  
  Corrective Action Plan  means a written work plan that identifies the root cause(s) of a deficiency, includes goals and objectives, actions/tasks to be taken to facilitate an expedient return to compliance,
methodologies to be used to accomplish CAP goals and objectives, and staff responsible to carry out the CAP within established timelines. CAPs are generally used to improve performance of the Contractor and/or its providers, to enhance Quality
Management/Process Improvement activities and the outcomes of the activities, or to resolve a deficiency.        

64.  
  Covered Services  means:        

64.1 
 Behavioral health services as specified in the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide;        

64.2 
 Health care services described in the Scope of Work Section 4.7, Physical Health Care Covered Services;        

65.  
  Credentialing  means the process of obtaining, verifying and evaluating information regarding applicable licensure, accreditation, certification, educational and practice requirements to determine whether a
provider has the required credentials to deliver specific covered services to members.        

66.  
    Cultural Competence  means a set of congruent behaviors, attitudes and policies that come together in
a system, agency, or among professionals, which enables that system, agency or those professionals to work effectively in cross-cultural situations. Culture refers to integrated patterns of human behavior that include the language, thoughts,
communications, actions, customs beliefs,     
      248  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

values, and institutions of racial, ethnic, religious or social groups. Competence implies having the capacity to function effectively as an individual and a organization with the context of the
cultural beliefs, behaviors and needs presented by consumers and their communities.        

67.  
  Day  means a calendar day and time is computed under A.R.S.    1-243,  unless otherwise specified in the solicitation or contract.    

68.  
  Delegate  means the execution of a subcontract between the Contractor and a qualified organization or person to perform one or more functions required to be provided by the Contractor under this Contract.

69.  
  Department of Child Safety/Comprehensive Medical and Dental Plan (DCS/CMDP)  means on May 29, 2014 the Department of Child Safety was established pursuant to A.R.S.
  8-451.  Under the authority of DCS is CMDP, a Contractor that is responsible for the provisions of covered, medically necessary AHCCCS services for children in foster care in Arizona. CMDP previously
existed as a department within the Arizona Department of Economic Security (ADES).        

70.  
  Disenrollment  means the discontinuance of a member s eligibility to receive covered services from the Contractor.        

71.  
  Division of Behavioral Health Services  (DBHS) means the Division within ADHS that has the powers and duties set forth in A.R.S. Title 36, Chapters 5 and 34.    

72.  
  Division of Developmental Disabilities  (DDD) means the Division within ADES.        

73.  
  Dual Eligible Member  or  Dual Eligible  means a member who is eligible to receive covered services under both Medicare and Medicaid.    

74.  
  Durable Medical Equipment  (DME), means an item or appliance that can withstand repeated use, is designated to serve a medical purpose, and is not generally useful to a person in the absence of a medical
condition, illness or injury as defined in A.A.C.   R9-22-101.          

75.  
  Emergency Medical Condition  means a medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (including severe pain) such that a prudent layperson who possesses an average knowledge of
health and medicine could reasonably expect the absence of immediate medical attention to result in: a) placing the member s health (or, with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeopardy, b)
serious impairment to bodily functions, or c) serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part (42 CFR 438.114(a)).        

76.  
  Emergency Medical Service  means a covered inpatient and outpatient service provided after the sudden onset of an emergency medical condition furnished by a qualified provider that is necessary to evaluate or
stabilize the emergency medical condition (42 CFR 438.114(a)).        

77.  
  Employee  means a person that is employed by the Contractor or under contract by the Contractor to perform contract services.    

78.  
  Encounter  means a record of a health care-related services rendered by a provider or providers registered with AHCCCS or ADHS/DBHS, to a member who is enrolled with a Contractor on the   date-of-service.      
      249  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

80.  
  Enrollment  means the process by which a person becomes an enrollee.        

81.  
  Episode of Care  means the period between the beginning of treatment and the ending of covered services for an individual. The beginning and end of an episode of care is marked with a demographic file
submission. Over time, an individual may have multiple episodes of care.        

82.  
  Equity partners  means sponsoring organizations or parent companies of the managed care organization that share in the returns generated by the organization, both profits and liabilities.

83.  
  Evidence-Based Practice  means an intervention that is recognized as effective in treating a specific health-related condition based on scientific research; the skill and judgment of health professionals; and
the unique needs, concerns and preferences of the person receiving services.        

84.  
  The Federal Emergency Services  (FES) means the program that covers services needed to treat an emergency medical condition for a member who is determined eligible under A.R.S.    36-2903.03  (D) and A.A.C.   R9-22-217.          

85.  
  Federally Qualified Health Care Center  (FQHC) means a public or private  non-profit  health care organization that has been identified by the HRSA and certified by CMS
as meeting criteria under Sections 1861(aa)(4) and 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act.        

86.  
  Federally Qualified Health Care Center Look-Alike  means an entity that meets the requirements pursuant to Section 330 of the Public Health Service Act, but does not receive grant funding.

87.  
    Fee-for-Service    (FFS) means a method of payment to registered providers for services rendered on an amount  per-service  basis.        

89.  
  Fiscal Year  (FY) means the State budget year: July 1 through June 30.        

90.  
  Formulary  means a list of covered medications available for treatment of members.        

91.  
  Fraud  means an intentional deception or misrepresentation made by a person with the knowledge that the deception could result in some unauthorized benefit to the person or some other person. It includes any
act that constitutes fraud under applicable federal or state law.        

92.  
  Freedom to Work  also referred to as  Ticket to Work  means an individual who become eligible under the Title XIX expansion program that extends eligibility to individuals sixteen (16) through
sixty-four (64) years old who meet SSI disability criteria; whose earned income, after allowable deduction, is at or below 250% of the FPL, and who is not eligible for any other Medicaid program.    

93.  
  General Mental Health Adults  (GMH) means a classification of adult persons age eighteen (18) and older who have general behavioral health issues, have not been determined to have a serious mental
illness, but are eligible to receive covered behavioral health services.    
      250  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

94.  
  Geographic Service Area  (GSA) means a specific region or regions in Arizona (defined by zip code) in which a Contractor provides directly or through subcontract, covered services to members in that region;

95.  
  Geographic Service Area North  means the area defined by the zip codes in Exhibit 10.        

96.  
  Geographic Service Area South  means the area defined by the zip codes in Exhibit 10.        

97.  
  Grievance System  means the Contractor s program that includes a process for member grievances. SMI grievances, appeals, provider claim disputes, and access to the state fair hearing system.

98.  
  Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996  (HIPAA) means  (P.L.104-191,  (Title II, Subtitle F)) and regulations published by the United States
Department of Health and Human Services, the administrative simplification provisions and modifications thereof, and the Administrative Simplification Compliance Act of 2001.    

99.  
  Incontinence Briefs : means in general, incontinence briefs (diapers) are not covered for members unless medically necessary to treat a medical condition. However, for AHCCCS members over three years of age
and under 21 years of age incontinence briefs, including  pull-ups  and incontinence pads, are also covered to prevent skin breakdown and to enable participation in social community, therapeutic, and educational
activities under limited circumstances. In addition, effective December 15, 2014 for members in the ALTCS Program who are 21 years of age and older, incontinence briefs including  pull-ups  and incontinence
pads are also covered in order to prevent skin breakdown as outlined in AMPM Policy  310-P.  See A.A.C.   R9-22-212   and AMPM Chapters
300 and 400.        

100.  
  Indian Health Service  (IHS) means the bureau of the United States Department of Health and Human Services that is responsible for delivering public health and medical services to American Indians throughout
the country in accordance with treaties with Tribal Governments.        

101.  
  Individual Recovery Plan  (formerly known as the Individual Service Plan) means a complete written description of all covered health services and other informal supports that have been identified through the
assessment process and includes individualized recovery goals and strategies to assist the member in meeting his or her goals.        

102.  
  Interagency Service Agreement  (ISA) is an agreement between two or more agencies of the State wherein an agency is reimbursed for services provided to another agency or is advanced funds for services
provided to another agency. A.R.S.   35-148(A).         

103.  
  Intergovernmental Agreement  (IGA) means an agreement conforming to the requirements of A.R.S.    11-951,  et. seq.    

104.  
  Integrated Regional Behavioral Health Authority (Integrated RBHA)  means an organization that provides behavioral health services to AHCCCS members who are Title XIX or Title XXI eligible, other than adult
members dually enrolled in Medicaid and Medicare with General Mental Health and Substance Abuse needs and American Indians who choose a TRBHA. The Integrated RBHA also provides physical health services for AHCCCS members determined to have a Serious
Mental Illness, with the exception of American Indians who choose AIHP.    
      251  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

105.  
  Joint Case  means a case where payments for services rendered to the member are exclusively the responsibility of the Contractor and where
  fee-for-service   payments and/or reinsurance payments are involved.        

106.  
  KidsCare  means the Title XXI Health Insurance Program administered by AHCCCS, also known as Arizona s Children s Health Insurance Program (CHIP).    

107.  
  Level I  means an inpatient treatment program or behavioral health treatment facility that is licensed under A.A.C. Title 9, Chapter 10 and includes a psychiatric acute hospital, a residential treatment
center for individuals under the age of  twenty-one  (21), or a  sub-acute  facility.        

108.  
  Level IV Behavioral Health Facility  means a behavioral health agency as defined in A.A.C. Title 9, Chapter 10.        

109.  
  Liable Party  means a person or entity that is or may be, by agreement, circumstance or otherwise, liable to pay all or part of the health care expenses incurred by an applicant or member.    

110.  
  Lien  means a legal claim, filed with the County Recorder s office in the county in which a member resides and/or in the county an injury was sustained, for the purpose of ensuring that AHCCCS receives
reimbursement for medical services paid. The lien is attached to any settlement the member may receive as a result of an injury.        

111.  
  Managed Care  means a system that integrates the financing and delivery of health care services to covered individuals by means of arrangements with selected providers to furnish comprehensive services to
members; establish explicit criteria for the selection of health care providers; have financial incentives for members to use providers and procedures associated with the plan; and have formal programs for quality, utilization management and the
coordination of care.        

112.  
  Management Services Subcontractor  means an entity to which the Contractor delegates the comprehensive management and administrative services necessary for the operation of the Contractor.    

113.  
  Marketing  means any communication, from an MCO, PIHP, PAHP, or PCCM to a Medicaid recipient who is not enrolled in that entity, that can reasonably be interpreted as intended to influence the recipient to
enroll in that particular MCO s, PIHP s, PAHP s, or PCCM s Medicaid product, or either to not enroll in, or to disenroll from, another MCO s, PIHP s, PAHP or PCCM s Medicaid product.    

114.  
  Marketing Materials  means materials: that are produced in any medium, by or on behalf of an MCO, PIHP, PAHP, or PCCM can reasonably be interpreted as intended to market to potential enrollees.

115.  
  Material Change to Operations  means any change in overall operations that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as required in
contract including, but not limited to, any change that would impact or is likely to impact more than 5% of total membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.    

116.  
  Material Change to the Provider Network  means any change that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractors  ability to meet the performance and/or provider network standards as
required in contract including, but not limited to, any change that would cause or is likely to cause more than 5% of the members in a GSA to change the location where services are received or rendered.    
      252  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

117.  
  Material Gap  means a temporary change in a provider network that may reasonably be foreseen to jeopardize the delivery of covered health services to an identifiable segment of the member population.

118.  
  Material Omission  means facts, data or other information excluded from a report, contract, the absence of which could lead to erroneous conclusions following reasonable review of such report or contract.

119.  
  May  means something is permissive.        

120.  
  Medicaid  means the federal/state program authorized by Title XIX of the Social Security Act, as amended.        

121.  
  Medical Expense Deduction  (MED) means Title XIX waiver member whose family income exceeds the limits of all other Title XIX categories (except ALTCS) and has family medical expenses that reduce income to or
below 40% of the FPL. MED members may or may not have a categorical link to Title XIX.        

122.  
  Medical Institution  means an acute care hospitals, psychiatric hospital   Non IMD, psychiatric hospital   IMD, residential treatment center   Non IMD, residential treatment center   IMD,
skilled nursing facilities, and Intermediate Care Facilities for persons with intellectual disabilities.        

123.  
  Medical Practitioner  means a physician, physician assistant or registered nurse practitioner.        

124.  
  Medically Necessary Services  means covered services provided by qualified service providers within the scope of their practice to prevent disease, disability and other adverse health conditions or their
progression or to prolong life. Medically necessary services are aimed at achieving the following: the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of health and behavioral health impairments; the ability to achieve
 age-appropriate  growth and development; and the ability to attain, maintain, or regain functional capacity.        

125.  
  Medical Records  means all records maintained by PCP s or other providers as well as but not limited to those kept in placement settings such as nursing facilities, assisted living facilities and other
home and community based providers.        

126.  
  Medicare  means the federal health care program authorized by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as amended.        

127.  
  Medicare Managed Care Plan  means a managed care entity that has a Medicare contract with CMS to provide services to Medicare beneficiaries, including a Medicare Advantage Plan (MAP), a Medicare Advantage
Prescription Drug Plan (MAPDP), a MAPDP Special Needs Plan, or a Medicare Prescription Drug Plan.        

128.  
  Medicare Modernization Improvement Act of 2003  means the federal law that created a prescription drug benefit called Medicare Part D for individuals who are eligible for Medicare Part A and/or enrolled in
Medicare Part B.        

129.  
    Medicare Part D Excluded Drugs  means the prescription drug coverage option available to Medicare
beneficiaries, including Dual Eligible members. Medications that are available under this benefit are not covered by AHCCCS for dual eligible members. Certain drugs that are     
      253  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

excluded from coverage by Medicare continue to be covered by AHCCCS. Those medications are barbiturates, benzodiazepines, and
  over-the-counter   medication as defined in the AMPM. Prescription medications that are covered under Medicare, but are not on a Part D health plan s formulary are
not considered excluded drugs, and are not covered by AHCCCS.        

130.  
  Medications List  has the same meaning as  Formulary .        

131.  
  Member  means a person who is eligible for or is receiving covered services under this Contract.        

132.  
  Member Information Materials  means the materials given to members including: Member Handbooks, member newsletters, surveys, health-related brochures videos, templates of form letters and website content.

133.  
  Mental Health Block Grant  (MHBG) means an annual formula grant from The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) that provides funds to establish or expand an organized
community-based system of care for providing  non-Title  XIX mental health services to children with serious emotional disturbances (SED) and adults with serious mental illness (SMI). These funds are used to:
(1) carry out the State plan contained in the application; (2) evaluate programs and services, and; (3) conduct planning, administration, and educational activities related to the provision of services.    

135.  
   Non-Contracting  Provider  means a person or entity that provides services as prescribed in A.R.S.    36-2901,  but does not
have a subcontract with the Contractor.        

136.  
   Non-Title  XIX/XXI Funding  means fixed,  non-capitated  funds, including funds from MHBG, SABG, County, other funds and State
appropriations (excluding state appropriations for state match to support Title XIX and Title XXI programs), which are used to fund services to  Non-Title  XIX/XXI eligible persons and for medically necessary
services not covered by Title XIX or Title XXI programs.        

137.  
   Non-Title  XIX/XXI Member  or   Non-Title  XIX/XXI Person  means an individual who needs or may be at risk of needing
covered health-related services, but does not meet federal and State requirements for Title XIX or Title XXI eligibility.        

138.  
   Non-Title  XIX/XXI SMI Member  means a  Non-Title  XIX/XXI member who has met the criteria to be designated as Seriously Mentally
Ill.        

139.  
  Outreach  means activities to identify and encourage members or potential members, who may be in need of, but not yet receiving physical or behavioral health services.    

141.  
  Performance Improvement Project (Pip)  means a planned process of data gathering, evaluation and analysis to determine interventions or activities that are projected to have a positive outcome. A PIP includes
measuring the impact of the interventions or activities toward improving the quality of care and service delivery. Formerly referred to as Quality Improvement Projects (QIP).    

142.  
  Performance Standards  means a set of standardized measures designed to assist AHCCCS in evaluating, comparing and improving the performance of its Contractors.    
      254  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

143.  
  Person with a Developmental/Intellectual Disability  means an individual who meets the Arizona definition as outlined in A.R.S.   36-551  and is determined eligible
for services through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). Services for AHCCCS-enrolled acute and long term care members with developmental/intellectual disabilities are managed through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities.

144.  
  Pharmacy Encounter Data  means a retail pharmacy encounter until such time AHCCCS expands Federal Drug Rebate processing to include all other pharmaceuticals reported on professional and outpatient facility
encounters.        

145.  
  Physician Incentive Plan  means any compensation arrangement to pay a physician or physician group that may directly or indirectly have the effect of reducing or limiting the services provided to any plan
enrollee.        

146.  
  Post Stabilization Care Services  means medically necessary services, related to an emergency medical condition, provided after the member s condition is sufficiently stabilized in order to maintain,
improve or resolve the member s condition so that the member could alternatively be safely discharged or transferred to another location. [42 CFR 438.114 (a)].    

148.  
  Premium Tax  means the premium tax is equal to the tax imposed pursuant to A.R.S.   36-2905  for all payments made to Contractors for the contract year.

149.  
  Primary Care Provider  (PCP) means an individual who meets the requirement of A.R.S.    36-2901,  and is responsible for the management of a member s health
care. A PCP may be a physician defined as a person licensed as an allopathic or osteopathic physician according to A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 13 or Chapter 17, or a practitioner defined as physician assistant licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter
25, or a certified nurse practitioner licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 15.        

150.  
  Primary Prevention  means the use of strategies to decrease the number of new cases of a physical or behavioral health disorder or illness.    

151.  
  Potential Member  means a person that could be eligible for Medicaid funded or other services, but is not yet enrolled with AHCCCS or the Contractor 42 CFR 438.10(a).    

152.  
  Prior Authorization  means an action taken by ADHS/DBHS, the Contractor or AHCCCS when a subcontracted provider requests approval for the reimbursement of a covered service prior to the service being provided
to a member.        

153.  
  Prior Period Coverage  means the period of time prior to the member s enrollment, during which a member is eligible for covered services. The timeframe is from the effective date of eligibility (usually
the first day of the month of application) until the date the member is enrolled with the Contractor. Refer to 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 1. If a member made eligible via the Hospital Presumptive Eligibility (HPE) program is subsequently determined
eligible for AHCCCS via the full application process, prior period coverage for the member will also be covered by AHCCCS fee for service and the member will be enrolled with the Contractor only on a prospective basis.    
      255  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

154.  
  Prior Quarter Coverage  means the period of time prior to an individual s month of application   for AHCCCS coverage, during which a member may be eligible for covered services. Prior Quarter
Coverage is limited to the three month time period prior to the month of application. An applicant may be eligible during any of the three months prior to application if the applicant:    

2. 
 Would have qualified for Medicaid at the time services were received if the person had applied regardless of whether the person is alive when the application is made. Refer to A.A.C.   R9-22-303.        AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services
received during the prior quarter.      

155.  
  Privileging  means the process used to determine if credentialed clinicians are competent to perform certain treatment interventions, based on training, supervised practice and/or competency testing.

156.  
  Provider  or  Service Provider  means a person or entity that subcontracts with ADHS/DBHS, the Contractor or AHCCCS for the delivery of covered services to members.    

157.  
  Provider Network  means the agencies, facilities, professional groups and professionals or other persons under subcontract to the Contractor to provide covered services to members.    

158.  
  Psychiatrist  means a person who is a licensed physician as defined in A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 13 or Chapter 17 and who holds psychiatric board certification from the American Board of Psychiatry and
Neurology, the American College of Osteopathic Neurologist and Psychiatrist; or the American Osteopathic Board of Neurology and Psychiatry; or is board eligible.        

159.  
  Rehabilitation Services Administration  (RSA) means the Division within ADES.        

160.  
  Related Parties  means, but is not limited to persons with an ownership or controlling interest, as defined in 42 CFR, Section 455.101, in the Contractor or Contractor s immediate families,
subcontractors, wholly-owned subsidiaries or suppliers, parent companies, sister companies, holding companies, and other entities controlled or managed by any such entities or persons.    

161.  
  Reside in Arizona  means to live in a particular place; to dwell permanently or continuously or occupy a residence in the awarded Geographic Service Area.    

162.  
  Rural Health Clinic  (RHC) means a clinic located in an area designated by the Bureau of Census as rural, and by the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) as medically
underserved or having an insufficient number of physicians, meeting the requirements under 42 CFR 491.        

163.  
  SAMHSA  means the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, which is a part of the U.S. Public Health Service that provides funding through block grants for direct substance abuse and mental
health services including substance abuse prevention and addiction treatment.        

164.  
  Serious Mental Illness  (SMI) means a condition of persons who are eighteen (18) years of age or older and who, as a result of a mental disorder as defined in A.R.S  
 36-550,  exhibit emotional or behavioral functioning which is so impaired as to interfere substantially with their capacity to remain in the community without supportive treatment or service of a long term or
indefinite duration. In these persons, mental disability is severe and persistent, resulting in long-term limitation of their functional capacities for primary activities of daily living such as interpersonal relationships, homemaking, self-care,
employment and recreation.    
      256  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

165.  
  Shall  means something is mandatory.        

167.  
  SMI Eligibility Determination  means the process, after assessment and submission of required documentation to determine, whether a member meets the criteria for Serious Mental Illness.    

168.  
  SMI Member  means a person who meets the criteria for Serious Mental Illness.        

169.  
  SMI Member Receiving Physical Health Care Services  means a Title XIX eligible adult who is eligible to receive both behavioral and physical health care services from the Contractor.    

171.  
  Speed of Answer  (SOA) means the  on-line  wait time in seconds that the member/provider waits from the moment the call is connected in the Contractor s phone switch
until the call is picked up by a Contractor representative or Interactive Voice Response System (IVR). If the Contractor has IVR capabilities, callers must be given the choice of completing their call by IVR or by Contractor representative.

172.  
 A  Staff  means, and applies when used in the Scope of Work and Documents Incorporated by Reference, a person that is employed by the Contractor or under contract by the Contractor to perform Contract
services.        

173.  
  State-Only Transplants Members  means individuals who are eligible under one of the Title XIX eligibility categories and found eligible for a transplant, but subsequently lose Title XIX eligibility due to
excess income, becoming eligible for one of two extended eligibility options as specified in A.R.S.     36-2907.10  and  36-2907.11.     

174.  
  Subsidiary  means an entity owned or controlled by the Contractor.        

175.  
  Subcontract  means any contract, express or implied, between the Contractor and another party or between a subcontractor and another party delegating or assigning, in whole or in part, the making or
furnishing of any material or any service required for the performance of this Contract.        

176.  
  Substance Abuse  means as specified in   R9-10-101,   an individual s misuse of alcohol or other drug or chemical that: a.
Alters the individual s behavior or mental functioning; b. Has the potential to cause the individual to be psychologically or physiologically dependent on alcohol or other drug or chemical; and c. Impairs, reduces, or destroys the
individual s social or economic functioning.        

177.  
  Substance Abuse  (SA) Adults is a classification of adults age eighteen (18) and older who have been diagnosed with a substance use disorder, have not been determined to have a Serious Mental Illness and
are eligible for substance abuse treatment services.        

178.  
    Substance Abuse Block Grant  (SABG) means an annual formula grant from The Substance Abuse and Mental
Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) that supports primary prevention services     
      257  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

and treatment services for persons with substance use disorders. It is used to plan, implement and evaluate activities to prevent and treat substance abuse. Grant funds are also used to provide
early intervention services for HIV and tuberculosis disease in high-risk substance abusers.        

179.  
  Substance Use Disorders  means a range of conditions that vary in severity over time, from problematic, short-term use/abuse of substances to severe and chronic disorders requiring long-term and sustained
treatment and recovery management.        

180.  
  Supplemental Security Income  or  SSI and SSI Related Groups  means an eligible individual receiving income through federal cash assistance programs under Title XVI of the Social Security Act who
are aged, blind or have a disability and have household income levels at or below 100% of the FPL.        

181.  
  Support Services  are covered services as defined the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide.        

182.  
  System Upgrade  means any upgrade or changes to a data collection or information system that may result in disruption to Contractor services such as loading of contracts, providers or members; issuing prior
authorizations; or adjudication of claims.        

183.  
  Temporary Assistance to Needy Families  (TANF) means the federal cash assistance program under Title IV of the Social Security Act established by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity
Reconciliation Act of 1996 (P.L.  104-193).  It replaced Aid To Families With Dependent Children (AFDC).        

184.  
  Third Party Liability  means sources available to pay all or a portion of the cost of services incurred by a person.        

185.  
  Ticket to Work  has the same meaning as  Freedom to Work .        

186.  
  Title XIX  means Title XIX of the Social Security Act, as amended, which is the federal statute authorizing Medicaid.        

187.  
  Title XIX Covered Services  means the covered services identified in the ADHS/DBHS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide and the physical health care covered services described in the Scope of Work
Section 4.7, Physical Health Care Covered Services.        

188.  
  Title XIX Eligible Person  or  Title XIX Member  means an individual who meets Federal and State requirements for Title XIX eligibility.    

189.  
  Title XIX Member  means Title XIX members include those eligible under 1931 provisions of the Social Security Act (previously AFDC), Sixth Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (SOBRA), Supplemental Security
Income (SSI) or  SSI-related  groups, Medicare Cost Sharing groups, Adult Group at or below 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults  /= 106%), Adult Group above 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults   106%),
Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment program, Title  IV-E  Foster Care and Adoption Subsidy, Young Adult Transitional Insurance, and Freedom to Work.    

190.  
  Title XXI  means Title XXI of the Social Security Act, referred to in federal legislation as the State Children s Health Insurance Program (SCHIP). The Arizona version of SCHIP is referred to as
KidsCare.    
      258  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       

191.  
  Title XXI Eligible Person  or  Title XXI Eligible Member  means an individual who meets federal and state requirements for Title XXI eligibility.    

192.  
  Title XXI Member  means a member eligible to receive medically necessary physical health care services under the SCHIP program, which in Arizona is known as  KidsCare .    

193.  
  Total Plan Case  means a case where payments for services rendered to the member are exclusively the responsibility of the Contractor and where
  fee-for-service   payments and/or reinsurance is not involved.        

194.  
  Trauma-informed Care  (TIC) means an approach to engaging people with histories of trauma that recognizes the presence of trauma symptoms and acknowledges the role that trauma has played in the lives of
people who receive services and people who provide services (SAMSHA Center for Trauma Informed Care).        

195.  
  Treatment  means a procedure or method to cure, improve, or palliate an individual s medical condition or behavioral health issue. Refer to
  R9-10-101.          

196.  
  Tribal RBHA  (TRBHA) means an organization under contract with the State of Arizona that administers covered behavioral health services to members. Tribal governments, through an agreement with the State, may
operate a Tribal Regional Behavioral Health Authority for the provision of behavioral health services to American Indian members. Refer to A.R.S.   36-3401, 
  36-3407,  and A.A.C.   R9-22-1201.          

197.  
  Vital Materials  includes the Member Handbook; notices for denials, reductions, suspensions or terminations of services; consent forms; communications requiring a response from the member; detailed
description of Early Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) services; informed consent; and, all grievance, appeal and request for State fair hearing information. Vital materials are notices for denials, reductions, suspensions or
terminations of services; consent forms; communications requiring a response from the member; informed consent and all grievance, appeal and request for State fair hearing information in the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Notice Requirements and Appeal Process
for Title XIX/XXI Eligible Persons and Notice and Appeal Requirements (SMI and   Non-SMI/Non-Title   XIX/XXI) (42 CFR 438.404(a) and 42 CFR 438.10(c)).    

198.  
  Young Adult Transitional Insurance  (YATI) means an individual age 18 through 25 who was enrolled in the foster care program under jurisdiction of the State of Arizona by their 18th birthday.
   
      259  

EXHIBIT-2    
  ACRONYMS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276      Acronym Name     AAC Arizona
Administrative Code    AAR Arizona Administrative Register  
 ACORD Association for Cooperative Operations Research and Development  
 ACOM Arizona Healthcare Cost Containment System Contractor Operational Manual  
 ACT Assertive Community Treatment    ADA Americans with
Disabilities Act    ADCS Arizona Department of Child Safety  
 ADE Arizona Department of Education    ADES Arizona Department of
Economic Security    ADES/DDD Arizona Department of Economic Security, Division of Developmental Disabilities  
 ADES/RSA Arizona Department of Economic Security, Rehabilitation Services Administration  
 ADHS Arizona Department of Health Services    ADHS/DBHS Arizona
Department of Health Services/Division of Behavioral Health    ADJC Arizona Department of Juvenile Correction  
 ADOC Arizona Department of Corrections    ADOH Arizona Department
of Housing    AHCCCS Arizona Healthcare Cost Containment System  
 AIHP American Indian Health Program    ALOS Average Length of
Stay    ALTCS Arizona Long Term Care System    AMPM Arizona
Healthcare Cost Containment System Medical Policy Manual    AR Abandoned Rate  
 ARS Arizona Revised Statutes    ASAM American Society of
Addiction Medicine    ASAM PPC American Society of Addiction Medicine Patient Placement Criteria  
      260  

EXHIBIT-2    
  ACRONYMS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       
   Acronym Name   
 ASDB Arizona State Schools for the Deaf and Blind    ASH LINE
Arizona s Smokers Help Line    ASIIS Arizona State Immunization Information System  
 ASIST Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training    AzEIP
Arizona Early Intervention Program    BCCTP Breast Cervical Cancer Treatment Program  
 CAP Corrective Action Plan    CCD Continuity of Care Document
   CCO Chief Clinical Officer    CCP Cultural Competency Plan
   CEO/COO Chief Executive Officer/Chief Operating Officer  
 CFO Chief Financial Officer    CFR Code of Federal Regulations
   CFT Child and Family Team    CIS Client Information System
   CLAS National Culturally Linguistically and Appropriate Service Standards  
 CLEAR Council on Licensure, Enforcement and Regulation    CLIA
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments    CMDP Comprehensive Medical and Dental Plan  
 CMO Chief Medical Officer    CMP Care Management Program   
   CMS Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services    CPHQ
Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality    CRS Children s Rehabilitative Services  
 CSA Community Services Agency  
      261  

EXHIBIT-2    
  ACRONYMS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       
   Acronym Name   
 CVO Credential Verification Organization    CY Contract Year  
 DBHS Division of Behavioral Health    DDD Arizona Department of
Economic Security, Division of Developmental Disabilities    DMO Deputy Medical Officer  
 DFSM Division for Fee for Service Management    DHHS U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services    DIBR Documents Incorporated by Reference  
 DME Durable Medical Equipment    DRA Deficit Reduction Act of
2005    DSM Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of International Classification of Disorders  
  D-SNP  Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan  
 ED Emergency Department    EHR Electronic Health Records  
 EOC Episode of Care    EPLS Excluded Parties List System  
 EPSDT Early Periodic Screening Diagnostic and Treatment Service  
 EQRO External Quality Review Organization    FCCR First Contact
Call Resolution Rate    FES Federal Emergency System    FFS Fee
for Service    FPL Federal Poverty Level    FQHC Federally
Qualified Health Centers  
      262  

EXHIBIT-2    
  ACRONYMS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       
   Acronym Name   
 FTP File Transfer Protocol    GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles    GAAS Generally Accepted Auditing Standards    GME
Graduate Medical Education    GMH General Mental Health Adults  
 GSA Geographical Service Area    HCAC Heath Care Acquired
Condition    HCTC Home Care Training to Home Care Client    HIE
Health Information Exchange    HIPAA Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act  
 HITECH Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act  
 HIV Human Immunodeficiency Virus    HRC Human Rights Committee
   IAD Incident, Accident and Death    ID Identification  
 IDEA Individuals with Disabilities Education Act    IEP
Individual Education Plan    IGA Intergovernmental Agreement  
 IHS Indian Health Service    ISA Interagency Service Agreement
   IVR Interactive Voice Response    LEIE List of Excluded
Individuals/Entities    LEP Limited English Proficiency    MAP
Medicare Advantage Plan    MAPDP Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Plan  
      263  

EXHIBIT-2    
  ACRONYMS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       
   Acronym Name   
 MASL Monthly Average Service Level    MCE Medical Care Evaluation
   MCO Managed Care Organization    MED Medical Expense
Deduction    MEVS Medicaid Eligibility Verification Service  
 MIPPA Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act    MIS
Management Information System    MM/UM Medical Management/Utilization Management  
 MPS Minimum Performance Standard    MRPDL AHCCCS Minimum Required
Prescription Drug List    MSBC Medicaid School Based Claiming  
 NACHA National Automated Clearing House Association    NOA Notice
of Action    NOMS National Outcome Measures    NPI National
Provider Identifier    OIG Office of Inspector General    OMB
Office of Management and Budget    OPI Office Program Integrity  
 OPPC Other Provider-Provider Condition     NON-MED   Non-Medical  Expense Deduction Member    PASRR  Pre-Admission  Screening and Resident Review    PCP Primary Care Provider  
 PIP Performance Improvement Plan, Process or Projects    PMMIS
AHCCCS Prepaid Medical Management Information System    PPS Prospective Payment System  
      264  

EXHIBIT-2    
  ACRONYMS      CONTRACT NO:
ADHS15-00004276       
   Acronym Name   
 QIO Quality Improvement Organizations    QM Quality Management
   QOC Quality of Care Concern    RBHA Regional Behavioral
Health Authority    RFP Request for Proposal    RHC Rural
Health Clinic    RTC Residential Treatment Center    SA
Substance Abuse    SAMHSA Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration  
 SAPT Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment    SMI Serious
Mental Illness    SNF Skilled Nursing Facility    SOA Speed of
Answer    SSI Supplemental Security Income     SSI-MAO  Social Security Income Management Administration Office    SSL Secure Sockets Layer  
 TANF Temporary Assistance to Needy Families    TIC Trauma
Informed Care    TDD Telecommunications Device for the Deaf  
 TRBHA Tribal Regional Behavioral Health Authority    VFC Vaccine
for Children  
      265  

EXHIBIT-3    
  MEDICARE REQUIREMENT TO COORDINATE CARE FOR DUAL ELIGIBLE SMI MEMBERS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276      1. 
Medicare Participation for Dual Eligible SMI Members    The following will be required as it relates to the Integrated RBHA and Medicare
participation: The State will require the RBHA (Contractor) in the Southern region to offer Medicare services to members with SMI by contracting with CMS to be a Medicare Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan
 (D-SNP)  product or offer a  D-SNP  product through one of the equity partners in the organization. The Offerors in the Northern region are not required to be a  D-SNP  but are encouraged to coordinate care with entities serving dual eligible members.     D-SNPs  that are currently licensed through the Arizona Department of Insurance (ADOI) will need to go through ADOI for any required service area expansion.  D-SNPs  that are
currently certified by AHCCCS will be allowed to expand service areas through the AHCCCS certification process, even in the case where no other Medicaid contract is held in that service area. AHCCCS will sign a Medicare Improvements for Patients and
Providers Act (MIPPA) Contract as necessary with the awarded Integrated RBHA or an equity partner organization.    In addition to all
requirements in this Contract, the Contractor must meet all Medicare participation requirements as required by CMS and the State. This may include, but is not limited to, approval of a Medicare application, approval of a formulary consistent with
Part D requirements, approval of a medication therapy management program (MTMP), and approval of a unified model of care. Medicare Advantage plans are required to meet state licensure requirements (42 CFR  422.400 and 42 CFR
 422.501(b)(i)). Proof of state licensure is required with the Medicare applications no later than February, 2015 (refer to 2016 Medicare Advantage Application). If required to be licensed through ADOI, the Contractor is required to be licensed
as a Health Care Services Organization before February 2015 to apply as a Medicare Advantage Special Needs Plan. Because of these very short time frames and the time needed by ADOI to accept process and determine a request for a Health Care Services
Organization certificate, an application to obtain a Health Care Service Organization certificate should be filed with ADOI as soon as possible. Failure to timely file or a delay in filing could negatively impact Contractor s ability to comply
with the requirement to operate as a  D-SNP.  ADOI will work to process requests in a timely manner so Contractor can meet the CMS timeframes. For more information, see the ADOI web site at
http://www.azinsurance.gov/ or contact ADOI Financial Affairs Division at 602.364.3999.     2.  Participation as a Medicare Advantage Special Needs
Plan    The Contractor shall:      

2.1 
 Provide Medicare benefits to dual eligible SMI members through the Contractor s owned or affiliated Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan  (D-SNP). 

2.3 
 Note that the Special Instructions for this procurement require the submission of a  non-binding  Notice of Intent to Apply as  D-SNPs  to CMS
for Offerors in the Southern region by a due date specified by CMS. As specified in the Special Instructions to Offerors Section 8.11, Offerors are required to provide proof or an attestation of a Notice of Intent to Apply as a Medicare
Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan.    
      266  

EXHIBIT-3    
  MEDICARE REQUIREMENT TO COORDINATE CARE FOR DUAL ELIGIBLE SMI MEMBERS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       

2.4 
 Additional information on  D-SNPs  can be found at:  http://www.cms.gov/SpecialNeedsPlans/ .    

2.5 
 Consider that  D-SNPs  that are currently certified by AHCCCS will be allowed to expand service areas through the AHCCCS certification process, even in the case where no other
Medicaid contract is held in that service area.        

2.6 
 Consider that  D-SNPs  that are currently licensed through the Arizona Department of Insurance (DOI) will need to go through DOI for any service area expansion.    

2.7 
 Sign a Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act (MIPPA) Contract as necessary with AHCCCS.    
      267  

EXHIBIT-3    
  MEDICARE REQUIREMENT TO COORDINATE CARE FOR DUAL ELIGIBLE SMI MEMBERS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       
   3.  CMS  D-SNP  Application Timeline (subject to CMS timeline
changes)      
 
      268  

EXHIBIT-5    
  ARIZONA VISION-TWELVE PRINCIPLES FOR CHILDREN SERVICE DELIVERY   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276     The
 Arizona Vision,  for children is built on twelve principles to which ADHS and AHCCCS are both obligated and committed. The Arizona Vision states:  
  In collaboration with the child and family and others, Arizona will provide accessible behavioral health services designed to aid children
to achieve success in school, live with their families, avoid delinquency, and become stable and productive adults. Services will be tailored to the child and family and provided in the most appropriate setting, in a timely fashion and in accordance
with best practices, while respecting the child s family s cultural heritage.       

1.  
  Collaboration with the child and family : Respect for and active collaboration with the child and parents is the cornerstone to achieving positive behavioral health outcomes. Parents and children are treated as
partners in the assessment process, and the planning, delivery, and evaluation of behavioral health services, and their preferences are taken seriously.        

2.  
  Functional outcomes:  Behavioral health services are designed and implemented to aid children to achieve success in school, live with their families, avoid delinquency, and become stable and productive adults.
Implementation of the behavioral health services plan stabilizes the child s condition and minimizes safety risks.        

3.  
  Collaboration with others:  When children have multi-agency, multi-system involvement, a joint assessment is developed and a jointly established behavioral health services plan is collaboratively implemented.
Client-centered teams plan and deliver services. Each child s team includes the child and parents and any foster parents, any individual important in the child s life who is invited to participate by the child or parents. The team also
includes all other persons needed to develop an effective plan, including, as appropriate, the child s teacher, the child s Child Protective Service and/or Division of Developmental Disabilities case worker, and the child s probation
officer. The team (a) develops a common assessment of the child s and family s strengths and needs, (b) develops an individualized service plan, (c) monitors implementation of the plan and (d) makes adjustments in the
plan if it is not succeeding.        

4.  
  Accessible services:  Children have access to a comprehensive array of behavioral health services, sufficient to ensure that they receive the treatment they need. Plans identify transportation the parents and
child need to access behavioral health services, and how transportation assistance will be provided. Behavioral health services are adapted or created when they are needed but not available.    

5.  
  Best practices:  Competent individuals who are adequately trained and supervised provide behavioral health services. They are delivered in accordance with guidelines adopted by ADHS that incorporate evidence-based
 best practice.  Behavioral health service plans identify and appropriately address behavioral symptoms that are reactions to death of a family member, abuse or neglect, learning disorders, and other similar traumatic or frightening
circumstances, substance abuse problems, the specialized behavioral health needs of children who are developmentally disabled, maladaptive sexual behavior, including abusive conduct and risky behavior, and the need for stability and the need to
promote permanency in class member s lives, especially class members in foster care. Behavioral Health Services are continuously evaluated and modified if ineffective in achieving desired outcomes.    
      269  

EXHIBIT-5    
  ARIZONA VISION-TWELVE PRINCIPLES FOR CHILDREN SERVICE DELIVERY   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       

6.  
  Most appropriate setting:  Children are provided behavioral health services in their home and community to the extent possible. Behavioral health services are provided in the most integrated setting appropriate to
the child s needs. When provided in a residential setting, the setting is the most integrated and most home-like setting that is appropriate to the child s needs.    

7.  
  Timeliness:  Children identified as needing behavioral health services are assessed and served promptly.        

8.  
  Services tailored to the child and family:  The unique strengths and needs of children and their families dictate the type, mix, and intensity of behavioral health services provided. Parents and children are
encouraged and assisted to articulate their own strengths and needs, the goals they are seeking, and what services they think are required to meet these goals.        

9.  
  Stability:  Behavioral health service plans strive to minimize multiple placements. Service plans identify whether a class member is at risk of experiencing a placement disruption and, if so, identify the steps to
be taken to minimize or eliminate the risk. Behavioral health service plans anticipate crises that might develop and include specific strategies and services that will be employed if a crisis develops. In responding to crises, the behavioral health
system uses all appropriate behavioral health services to help the child remain at home, minimize placement disruptions, and avoid the inappropriate use of the police and criminal justice system. Behavioral health service plans anticipate and
appropriately plan for transitions in children s lives, including transitions to new schools and new placements, and transitions to adult services.        

10.  
  Respect for the child and family s unique cultural heritage:  Behavioral health services are provided in a manner that respects the cultural tradition and heritage of the child and family. Services are
provided in Spanish to children and parents whose primary language is Spanish.        

11.  
  Independence:  Behavioral health services include support and training for parents in meeting their child s behavioral health needs, and support and training for children in self-management. Behavioral health
service plans identify parents  and children s need for training and support to participate as partners in the assessment process, and in planning, delivery, and evaluation of services, and provide that such training and support, including
transportation assistance, advance discussions, and help with understanding written materials, will be made available.        

12.  
  Connection to natural supports:  The behavioral health system identifies and appropriately utilizes natural supports available from the child and parents  own network of associates, including friends and
neighbors, and from community organizations, including service and religious organizations.    
      270  

EXHIBIT-6    
  ADULT SERVICE DELIVERY SYSTEM-NINE GUIDING PRINCIPLES   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276     The Nine
Guiding Principles below were developed to provide a shared understanding of the key ingredients needed for an adult behavioral health system to promote recovery. System development efforts, programs, service provision, and stakeholder collaboration
must be guided by these principles.      
   Respect is the cornerstone. Meet the person where they are without judgment,
with great patience and compassion.      

2.  
  Persons In Recovery Choose Services And Are Included In Program Decisions And Program Development Efforts     
 A person in recovery has choice and a voice. Their self-determination in driving services, program decisions and program development is made
possible, in part, by the ongoing dynamics of education, discussion, and evaluation, thus creating the  informed consumer  and the broadest possible palette from which choice is made. Persons in recovery should be involved at every level
of the system, from administration to service delivery.      

3.  
  Focus On Individual As A Whole Person, While Including And/Or Developing Natural Supports     
 A person in recovery is held as nothing less than a whole being: capable, competent, and respected for their opinions and choices. As such,
focus is given to empowering the greatest possible autonomy and the most natural and well- rounded lifestyle. This includes access to and involvement in the natural supports and social systems customary to an individual s social community.  

4.  
  Empower Individuals Taking Steps Towards Independence And Allowing Risk Taking Without Fear Of Failure     
 A person in recovery finds independence through exploration, experimentation, evaluation, contemplation and action. An atmosphere is maintained
whereby steps toward independence are encouraged and reinforced in a setting where both security and risk are valued as ingredients promoting growth.      

5.  
  Integration, Collaboration, And Participation With The Community Of One s Choice       A
person in recovery is a valued, contributing member of society and, as such, is deserving of and beneficial to the community. Such integration and participation underscores one s role as a vital part of the community, the community dynamic
being inextricable from the human experience. Community service and volunteerism is valued.      

6.  
  Partnership Between Individuals, Staff, And Family Members/Natural Supports For Shared Decision Making With A Foundation Of Trust     
 A person in recovery, as with any member of a society, finds strength and support through partnerships. Compassion-based alliances with a focus
on recovery optimization bolster self-confidence, expand understanding in all participants, and lead to the creation of optimum protocols and outcomes.      

7.  
  Persons In Recovery Define Their Own Success       A person in recovery   by their own
declaration   discovers success, in part, by quality of life community, and greater self-determination. Persons in recovery are the experts on themselves, defining their own goals and desired outcomes.  
      271  

EXHIBIT-6    
  ADULT SERVICE DELIVERY SYSTEM-NINE GUIDING PRINCIPLES   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       

8.  
  Strengths-Based, Flexible, Responsive Services Reflective Of An Individual s Cultural Preferences     
 A person in recovery can expect and deserves flexible, timely, and responsive services that are accessible, available, reliable, accountable,
and sensitive to cultural values and mores. A person in recovery is the source of his/her own strength and resiliency. Those who serve as supports and facilitators identify, explore, and serve to optimize demonstrated strengths in the individual as
tools for generating greater autonomy and effectiveness in life.      

9.  
  Hope Is The Foundation For The Journey Towards Recovery       A person in recovery has the
capacity for hope and thrives best in associations that foster hope. Through hope, a future of possibility enriches the life experience and creates the environment for uncommon and unexpected positive outcomes to be made real. A person in recovery
is held as boundless in potential and possibility.  
      272  

EXHIBIT-7    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276      For
access to all documents listed below visit the Bidders Library at:      http://www.azdhs.gov/procurement/bidders-library/index.php   
   ADHS/DBHS Documents        

7.1  
   Accounting and Auditing Procedures Manual        

7.4  
   Bureau of Corporate Compliance Operations and Procedures Manual        

7.5  
   Bureau of Quality and Integration Specifications Manual        

7.5.1 
 Bureau of Quality and Integration Reporting Templates        

7.6  
   Center for Mental Health Services Frequently Asked Questions        

7.7  
   Client Information System File Layouts and Specifications Manual        

7.8  
   Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide        

7.12  
   Cultural Competency and Workforce Development Quarterly Report Template FY 2014        

7.13  
   Cultural Competency and Workforce Development Quarterly Update Report FY 2014        

7.14  
   Demographic and Outcomes Data Set User Guide        

7.15  
   Financial Reporting Guide for Greater Arizona        

7.20  
   Medical Management-Utilization Management Work Plan, FY 14        

7.22  
   Network Development and Management Plan RBHA Checklist        

7.23  
   Office of Program Support Operations   Procedures Manual        

7.24  
   Office of Grievance and Appeals Docket Tracking Application User s Guide        

7.26  
   Quality Management Plan, Evaluation, Work plan, and Checklist        

7.29  
   Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment Block Grant/Community Mental Health Block Grant Application FY 14(MHBG)        

7.30  
   Strategic Prevention Framework Model        AHCCCS Documents    

7.31  
   HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides   Trading Partner Agreements        

7.31.6 
 IT Guidance Document Supplemental Websites        
 
      273  

EXHIBIT-7    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       

7.33  
   Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide        

7.33.1 
 Claims System Dashboard Reporting Template        

7.33.2 
 Claims System Reporting Dashboard Cover Letter        

7.35  
   Dual Eligible Drug List Non Behavioral        

7.38  
   Encounter Data Validation Technical Assistance Document        

7.40  
   Fee for Service Provider Manual        

7.41  
   Grievance System Reporting Guide        

7.41.1 
 Grievance System Reporting Guide Attachments        

7.43  
   Minimum Required Prescription Drug List        

7.44  
   NCPDP Post Adjudicated History Transaction Guide        

7.45  
   Program Integrity Reporting Guide        

7.46  
   Provider Affiliation Transmission Manual        

7.47  
   Financial Reporting Guide for Acute Care Contractors        

7.47.1 
 Appendix - Financial Reporting Instructions        

Interagency Service Agreements    

Intergovernmental Agreements    

274  

EXHIBIT-7    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       
    Clinical Guidance Documents    

7.62  
 Family and Youth Involvement in the Children s Behavioral Health System        

7.63  
 Support and Rehabilitation Services for Children, Adolescents and Young Adults        

7.65  
   The Unique Behavioral Health Services Needs of Children, Youth and Families involved with (DCS) Department of Child Safety (formerly known as CPS)    

7.66  
 Youth Involvement in Arizona Behavioral Health System    
      275  

EXHIBIT- 8   
  INFORMATIONAL DOCUMENTS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276      For
access to all documents listed below visit the Bidders Library at:      http://www.azdhs.gov/procurement/bidders-library/index.php   
   ADHS/DBHS Documents        

8.1  
   Annual Provider Network Development and Management Plan        

8.3  
   Cooperative Agreements to Benefit Homeless Individuals (CABHI) Grant Application 2012        

8.6  
   Prevention in Arizona: A Strategic Guide        

8.7  
   Provider Network Listing        

8.8  
 Strategic Prevention Framework Partnership for Success  (SPF-PFS)  Grant Application 2012        

8.11  
   Arizona Department of Health Services Strategic Map        Clinical Guidance Documents    

8.12  
   Clinical Supervision Comprehensive Assessment and Treatment for Substance use Disorders in Children and Adolescents        

8.13  
   Psychiatric Best Practice Guidelines for Children: Birth to Five Years of Age        

8.15  
   Working with the Birth to Five Population        Community Input Reports    

8.17  
 Arizona Department of Health Services Tribal Consultation Policy        

8.18  
 Behavioral Health Services Statewide Tribal Consultation Meeting Report 2012        

8.19  
 Executive Summary for Community Engagement Focus Groups        

8.21  
 Peer Run and Family Run Organizations Future Directions Report        

8.24  
 Summary of Input from Behavioral Health Providers Coordination of Care        

8.25  
 Summary of Input form Peer and Family Members        

8.28  
   Behavioral Health Forum III Report (Placeholder)        Finance Documents    

8.29  
   Capitation Rate Data Supplement        

8.30  
 Greater AZ Financial Informational Materials        

8.31  
    Non-Title  XIX/XXI Historical Funding    
      276  

EXHIBIT- 8   
  INFORMATIONAL DOCUMENTS   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       
    Information Technology Documents    

8.32  
 Client Information System Manual - Section 2 Enrollment        

8.35  
 New Deldup File Layout/New Denied Claims Layout        

8.36  
   Behavioral Health Member Profiles are located in the secure server. (Contact the ADHS Procurement Office for server access instructions.)    
      277  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276      For access to all documents listed below visit the Bidders Library at:   
    http://www.azdhs.gov/procurement/bidders-library/index.php   
 All deliverables are to be submitted to  http://bhs compliance.hs.azdhs.gov/default.aspx . and to the programmatic area where noted.  

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.1  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Contractor s Complete and Valid Certificate of Insurance 
    
   ADHS Procurement  
    
 ADHS Procurement 1740 West Adams Room 303 Phoenix, Arizona 85007 
    
 Prior to contract execution and when certificate is renewed  

9.2  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Status Updates of Administrative Review Corrective Actions 
    
   Bureau of Compliance  
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE  
  @AZDHS.gov    
    
 As determined by DBHS  

9.3  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Complete and Valid Certificate of Insurance (ACORD form or approved equivalent) 
    
   Bureau of Compliance  
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE  
  @AZDHS.gov    
    
 Upon request  

9.4  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Copies of All Provider Subcontract Templates 
    
   Bureau of Compliance  
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Upon request, prior to subcontract execution, all subcontracts after execution and, upon any changes to provider subcontracts  

9.5  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Data, Reports, and Information for Audits 
    
   Bureau of Compliance  
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Upon request  

9.6  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Copies of Management Services Subcontracts 
    
   Bureau of Compliance  
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Upon request, at start of contract, within thirty (30) days of subcontract execution  

9.7  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Third Party Administrator subcontracts 
    
   Bureau of Compliance  
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Sixty (60) days prior to the effective date of the subcontract  

9.8  
    
   Ad Hoc  
    
 Tribal Liaison Report 
    
   Bureau of Compliance  
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Upon request   
      278  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.9 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Member Handbook Updates 
    
 Bureau of Compliance 
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Within thirty (30) days of receiving notice of changes made to ADHS/DBHS template  

9.10 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Contractor Response to Complaints (response to problem resolution) 
    
 Bureau of Consumer Rights 
    
  OHRts@azdhs.gov   
    
 Upon request  

9.11 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Other Grievances and Appeals information and reports as requested by ADHS 
    
 Bureau of Consumer Rights, Office of Grievance and Appeals 
    
   Bureau of Consumer 
 Rights, Office of Grievance 
 and Appeals  
    
 Upon Request  

9.12 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Credentialing and  Re-credentialing  Denials 
    
 BQ I Specifications Manual 
    
   Office Chief for Quality of 
 Care     
  BCC  SharePoint site  
    
 Within one (1) business day  

9.13 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 High Profile Alerts of Incidents, Accidents, and Deaths 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
   Office Chief for Quality of 
 Care   
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov    
    
 Within one (1) day of awareness  

9.14 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 HCAC and OPPC 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Upon Identification by Contractor  

9.15 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Certificate of Medical Necessity for Commercial Oral Nutritional Supplements 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after month end  

9.16 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 PASRR Packet Including Invoice 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Upon request Submitted upon completion of PASRR Level II evaluations  

9.17 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 QOC Resolution Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  Office of Quality of Care 
    
 Within thirty (30) days of origination or upon request   
      279  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.18 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Peer Review Information 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Office of Quality of Care  
    
 Upon request  

9.19 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 15 th  day after month end (to accompany the Pregnancy Termination Report supporting documentation for each entry on that report)  

9.20 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Verification of Diagnosis by Contractor for Pregnancy Termination Request 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 15 th  day after month end (to accompany the Pregnancy Termination Report supporting documentation for each entry on that report)  

9.21 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Communications Materials 
    
 Communications 
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Upon request  

9.22 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Communication plan, status updates 
    
 Communications 
    
    BHSCONTRACTCOMPLIANCE@  
  AZDHS.gov    
    
 Within two (2) business days of request unless otherwise indicated  

9.23 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Attestation of Disclosure Information of: Ownership   Control and Persons Convicted of a Crime 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
 BCC SharePoint Site 
    
 Upon Request  

9.24 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Reporting Instances of Suspected Fraud, Waste and Program Abuse 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  reportfraud@azdhs.gov   
    
 Immediately upon identification  

9.25 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Exclusions Identified Regarding Persons Convicted of a Crime 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint site 
    
 Immediately upon identification   
      280  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.26 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Corporate Compliance Ride-along Program (Data Validation Review Schedule for current quarter) 
    
 Corporate Compliance Contract, ADHS/BCC Operations and Procedures Manual 
    
    BCC  SharePoint site 
  ops@azdhs.gov    
    
 Upon Request  

9.27 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Corporate Compliance: CMS Compliance Issues Related to HIPAA Transaction and Code Set Complaints or Sanction 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
  ops@azdhs.gov   
    
 Immediately upon discovery  

9.28 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Performance Bond 
    
 Finance 
    
    BHSOFR@azdhs.gov      
 Office of Financial Review  
    
 Thirty (30) Days after notification by ADHS/DBHS to adjust amount or expiration date  

9.29 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Request for Prior Approval for Advances, Loans, Loans guarantees, Investments or Equity Distributions to Related Parties or Affiliates 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 Thirty (30) days prior to the anticipated date of distribution  

9.30 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Request for Prior Approval for Advances and/or Loans to Providers 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 Ten (10) business days prior to the anticipated date of distribution  

9.31 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Physician Incentives: Contractor-Selected and/or Developed Pay for Performance Initiative 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 Sixty (60) days Prior to Approval Required  

9.32 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Physician Incentives: Contractual Arrangements with Substantial Financial Risk 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 Forty-five (45) days prior to implementation of the contract   
      281  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.33 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Grievance or Request for Investigation and Grievance/Investigation Decision letter Concerning a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Within five (5) business days of receipt or issuing a decision  

9.34 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Copy of Appeal, Results of an Informal Conference and Notices of Hearing in Appeals concerning a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Within five (5) business days of receipt or issuing results or notice  

9.35 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Notification of a Person No Longer in Need of Special Assistance 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
  OHRts@azdhs.gov   
    
 Within ten (10) business days of determination  

9.36 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Notification of A Person in Need of Special Assistance 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Within three (3) business days of termination  

9.37 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Notification of Changes to the Network-Request for Approval 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Within Sixty (60) days of expected material change, Must be approved in advance by ADHS/DBHS  

9.38 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Notification of Changes to the Network 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Within three (3) days of provider initiated changes, Forty-five (45) days prior to the expected implementation of the change  

9.39 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Failure of subcontractor to meet licensing criteria or if subcontract is being terminated or suspended 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Within five (5) days of learning of the licensing deficiency, or of deciding to terminate or suspend   
      282  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.40 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Unexpected Material Changes that could impair the Provider Network 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Within one (1) business day of the unexpected material change  

9.41 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Performance Improvement Plans for System of Care Based on Based on Practice Review Findings 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Forty-five (45) days after meeting with DBHS  

9.42 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Initial Housing Plan 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Sixty (60) days prior to contract start date, and upon ADHS request  

9.43 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Internal Property Acquisition Maintenance and Inspection Plan 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Upon request  

9.44 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Real Property Transaction Notice 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Within fifteen (15) days of transaction  

9.45 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Prevention Contract submission 
    
 Office of Prevention 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Thirty (30) days prior to service delivery  

9.46 
    
 Ad Hoc and Annually 
    
 Prevention Program Description 
    
 Office of Prevention 
    
  BHSContractCompliance@azdhs.gov   
    
 May 1 st    

9.47 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 Centers of Excellence Report 
    
 TBD 
    
 TBD 
    
 Beginning: March 15 th  2016  

9.48 
    
 Annually 
    
 Business Continuity/Recovery Plan 
    
 Bureau of Compliance 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 October 10 th    

9.49 
    
 Annually 
    
 Subcontractor Assignment and Evaluation Report 
    
 Bureau of Compliance 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ninety (90) days after start of the contract year   
      283  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.50 
    
 Annually 
    
 Member Handbook 
    
 Bureau of Compliance 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov   
    
 Thirty (30) days of receiving template or when specified by DBHS  

9.51 
    
 Annually 
    
 Crisis Services Policy 
    
 Bureau of Compliance- Policy 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after the start of the contract year  

9.52 
    
 Annually 
    
 Attestation of Title XIX and Title XXI Policies with Policy List 
    
 Bureau of Compliance- Policy 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after the start of Contract year  

9.53 
    
 Annually 
    
 Integrated Health Report 
    
 Health Care Development 
    
 Chief Medical Officer    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
    
 October 1 st   

9.54 
    
 Annually 
    
 Attestation of Annual Review of Prior Authorization Criteria 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
    
 Fifteen (15) days after the start of the contract year  

9.55 
    
 Annually 
    
 HIV Specialty Provider List 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  Medical 
 Management/Utilization Management  
    
 December 7 th    

9.56 
    
 Annually 
    
 Quality Management Plan and Work Plan 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  Medical 
 Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 November 1 st    

9.57 
    
 Annually 
    
 MM/UM Plan and Work Plan 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
    
 November 1 st    

9.58 
    
 Annually 
    
 Quality Management Evaluation 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  Medical 
 Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 November 1 st   

9.59 
    
 Annually 
    
 MM/UM Evaluation 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
    
 November 1 st   

9.60 
    
 Annually 
    
 Customer Satisfaction Survey Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
   Office of Performance 
 Improvement  
    
 October 19 th    
      284  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.61 
    
 Annually 
    
 Quality Management Plan, Evaluation, Work plan, and Checklist 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 November 1 st    

9.62 
    
 Annually 
    
 Maternity Care Annual Plan, Evaluation, and Checklist 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 November 1 st    

9.63 
    
 Annually 
    
 EPSDT Annual Plan, Evaluation, and Checklist 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration-  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 November 1 st    

9.64 
    
 Annually 
    
 Annual Dental Plan, Evaluation, and Checklist 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration-  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 November 1 st    

9.65 
    
 Annually 
    
 Security Rule Compliance Report with attached Security Rule Checklist 
    
 Business Information Systems; ACOM Policy 108 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 May 1 st    

9.66 
    
 Annually 
    
 Website Certification Form 
    
 Communications 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Thirty (30) days after start of the contract year  

9.67 
    
 Annually 
    
 Documentation of the most current Corporate Compliance Program Plan 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint Site 
    
 Within fifteen (15) days of the start of the contract year  

9.68 
    
 Annually 
    
 ACOM 103 Attestation of Disclosure of: Ownership   Control and Persons Convicted of a Crime 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint Site 
    
 Within fifteen (15) days of the start of the contract year  

9.69 
    
 Annually 
    
 Cultural Competency Plan 
    
 Cultural Competency 
    
    DBHS.WorkforceDevelopment  
  @ azdhs.gov    
    
 October 15 th   

9.70 
    
 Annually 
    
 Annual Effectiveness Review of the Cultural Competency Plan 
    
 Cultural Competency 
    
    DBHS.WorkforceDevelopment  
  @ azdhs.gov    
    
 September 30 th    
      285  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.71 
    
 Annually 
    
 Psychosocial Rehab Progress Report 
    
 Employment 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 October 15 th   

9.72 
    
 Annually 
    
 Related Party Documentation for Final NTXIX Profit Corridor 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov  
    
 December 15 th   

9.73 
    
 Annually 
    
 Notification of Unexpended State General Funds 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 April 15 th   

9.74 
    
 Annually 
    
 Top 20 Provider Audited Financial Statements 
    
 Finance 
    
 Sherman FTP Server 
    
 May 31 st   

9.75 
    
 Annually 
    
 Administrative Cost Allocation Plan 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 August 1 st   

9.76 
    
 Annually 
    
 Draft Consolidated Audited Financial Reports and Supplemental Reports 
    
 Finance 
    
 Sherman FTP Server 
    
 Seventy-Five (75) days after contract year end  

9.77 
    
 Ad Hoc 
    
 SABG/MHBG Provider Expenditure Report 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 October 15 th   

9.78 
    
 Annually 
    
 Final Consolidated Audited Financial Reports and Supplemental Reports 
    
 Finance 
    
 Sherman FTP Server 
    
 One hundred (100) days after contract year end  

9.79 
    
 Annually 
    
 Final Audited Financial Statements for All Parent Company and Related Parties Earning Revenue under this contract 
    
 Finance 
    
 Sherman FTP Server 
    
 One hundred twenty (120) days after contract year end  

9.80 
    
 Annually 
    
 Community Reinvestment Report 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 March 31 st    
      286  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.81 
    
 Annually 
    
 For Profit Entities Only: Form 8963, Report of Health Insurance Provider Information and Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting Template 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 September 30 th    

9.82 
    
 Annually 
    
 Written Statement that no fee is due if the Contractor is not subject to the Health Insurer Fee. Indicate the reason for the exemption 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 September 30 th    

9.83 
    
 Annually 
    
 For Profit Entities Only: Federal and State Tax Filings 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
 April 30 th   

9.84 
    
 Annually 
    
 Medicare Report 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
  Medicare Report for   the Year Ended   December is due by   March 31 st     

9.85 
    
 Annually 
    
 Housing Plan 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 No later than thirty (30) days from notification by ADHS that state funds have been allocated for housing development  

9.86 
    
 Annually 
    
 Assurance of Network Adequacy and Sufficiency 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 July 1 st  each Contract Year  

9.87 
    
 Annually 
    
 Network Development and Management Plan 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 July 1 st  each Contract Year  

9.88 
    
 Annually 
    
 Community Resource Guide 
    
 Office of Individual and Family Affairs 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Thirty (30) days after contract start  

9.89 
    
 Annually 
    
 Comprehensive Regional Prevention Needs Assessment 
    
 Office of Prevention 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Six (6) months after award of the contract   
      287  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.90 
    
 Annually 
    
 Evaluation Outcomes Report 
    
 Office of Prevention 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 August 1 st    

9.91 
    
 Annually 
    
 Annual Prevention Budget 
    
 Office of Prevention 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 May 1 st    

9.92 
    
 Annually 
    
 Regional Strategic Plan 
    
 Office of Prevention 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 May 1 st    

9.93 
    
 Annually 
    
 System of Care Plan 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 October 1 st    

9.94 
    
 Annually 
    
 Collaborative Protocols with State/County Agencies 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 December 31 st   

9.95 
    
 Annually 
    
 Mental Health Block Grant goal reporting 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 November 1 st    

9.96 
    
 Annually 
    
 Substance Abuse Block Grant Tracking Form 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 May 1 st    

9.97 
    
 Annually 
    
 Annual Training Plan 
    
 Training 
    
    DBHS.WorkforceDevelopment  
  @ azdhs.gov    
    
 Forty-five (45) Days After Contract Start  

9.98 
    
 Annually and Ad Hoc 
    
 Training Curriculum 
    
 Training 
    
    DBHS.WorkforceDevelopment  
  @ azdhs.gov    
    
 Forty-five (45) Days After Contract Start and Upon Request  

9.99 
    
 Weekly 
    
 Quality of Care Concerns Opened Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BHSQMO@azdhs.gov      
 Office of Quality of Care  
    
 Wednesdays  

9.100 
    
 Weekly 
    
 Incidents, Accident, and Death Reports for all Members 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BHSQMO@azdhs.gov  
 Office of Quality of Care  
    
   Weekly as per ADHS/DBHS/   BQ I
Direction   By 9 am    
      288  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.101 
    
  Bi-  monthly 
    
 Children s Case Manager  bi-monthly  inventories 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 15 th  of every other month  

9.102 
    
 Monthly 
    
 DCS Rapid Response Monthly Reconciliation Report 
    
 Children s System of Care Planning and Development 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 On the (30 th ) of each Month  

9.103 
    
 Monthly 
    
   Financial Statement Reporting Package :     
 December, March, June and September are treated as quarterly deliverables  
    
 Finance 
    
 Sherman FTP Server 
    
 Thirty (30) days after month end  

9.104 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Grievance System Report 
    
 Bureau of Consumer Rights, Office of Grievance and Appeals 
    
 Bureau of Consumer Rights, Office of Grievance and Appeals 
    
 Thirty (30) days post the end of the month to be reported  

9.105 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Monthly Member Complaint Grievance Logs 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 OIM/Customer Service  
    
 Fifteen (15) days after month end  

9.106 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Crisis Call Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Fifteen (15) days after month end  

9.107 
    
 Monthly 
    
 PCP Transition Log 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 30 th  day of every month  

9.108 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Monthly Utilization Data for LOS and  Re-admits  
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Forty-five (45) days after the reporting month   
      289  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.109 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Prior Authorization Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Fifteen (15) days after month end  

9.110 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Cause and Manner of Death Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
 Office of Quality of Care 
    
 First Wednesday after last day of month  

9.111 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Call Center Data Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 15 th  day of each month  

9.112 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Community Collaborative Care Teams (CCCT) Report 
    
 System of Care 

15 th  day of each month  

9.113 
    
 Monthly 
    
   Hospital Hold Report     
 *Less than 10% hospital hold monthly for each facility (UPC and RRC)     
 *Less than 5% concurrent hospital hold monthly  
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 10 th  of each month for the prior month  

9.114 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Adult and Children s ED Wait Times 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 10 th  of each month for the prior month  

9.115 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Hepatitis C Virus HCV Medication Monitoring 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov    
        http://bhs-  
  compliance.hs.azdhs.gov/d  efault.aspx    
    
 10 th  day of each month  

9.116 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Acute Health Plan Provider Inquiry Log 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Thirty (30) days after month end  

9.117 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Monthly Pregnancy Termination Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after month end  

9.118 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Monthly Pregnancy and Delivery Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after month end   
      290  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.119 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Sterilization Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after month end  

9.120 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Claims Dashboard 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
  ops@azdhs.gov  
    
 Eighteen (18) days after month end  

9.121 
    
 Monthly 
    
 AHCCCS Denied Encounters 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
 RBHAs folder on the OPS FTP server 
    
 Fifth (5 th ) day of the following month  

9.122 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Encounters Pended Over 120 Days (Aged Pends Report) 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
 RBHAs folder on the OPS FTP server 
    
 First (1 st ) day of the following month  

9.123 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Encounter Related Training 
    
 OPS Manual Business Information Systems 
    
  ops@azdhs.gov   
    
 Last day of each month  

9.124 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Cost Avoidance-Recovery 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
 Office of Program Support 
    
 Eighteen (18) days after month end  

9.125 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Evidence of RBHA Training 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
 Office of Program Support 
    
 Thirtieth (30 th ) day of the month  

9.126 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Report of Utilization of Affordable Housing Options on Bridge Subsidy Program Tenants Connected to Section (8) Vouchers or Independence through Self- Sufficiency 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteenth (15 th ) day of the following month  

9.127 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Housing Subsidy Program for Section 8 vouchers 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteenth (15 th ) of the following month   
      291  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.128 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Comprehensive Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Ten (10) days after month end  

9.129 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Seclusion/Restraint Summary Report Concerning Persons with Serious Mental Illness 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Ten (10) days after month end  

9.130 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Report of Each Use of Seclusion/Restraint Concerning Persons with Serious Mental Illness 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Ten (10) days after month end  

9.131 
    
 Monthly 
    
  Redacted  Seclusion/Restraint Summary Report Concerning all Enrolled Persons 
    
 Human Rights Committee 
    
 Appropriate Human Rights Committee 
    
 Ten (10) days after month end  

9.132 
    
 Monthly 
    
 Advisory Board Meeting Minutes 
    
 Office of Individual and Family Affairs 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteenth (15 th ) of the following month  

9.133 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Grievance, Appeal   Provider Claims Dispute Report 
    
 Bureau of Consumer Rights, Office of Grievance and Appeals 
    
   Bureau of Consumer 
 Rights, Office of Grievance 
 and Appeals   
  BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.134 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Quarterly MM/UM Indicator Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Forty-five (45) days after quarter end  

9.135 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Quarterly Performance Improvement Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Office of Performance 
 Improvement  
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.136 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Quarterly Inpatient Hospital Showing Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Ten (10) days after quarter end   
      292  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.137 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 EPSDT Improvement and Adult Quarterly Monitoring Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Office of Performance 
 Improvement  
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.138 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Transplant Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Seven (7) days after quarter end  

9.139 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Outpatient Commitment COT Monitoring 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.140 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Pharmacy Utilization 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.141 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Integrated Care Performance Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after the end of the quarter  

9.142 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Credentialing Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.143 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 GSA Behavioral Health Performance Measures Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.144 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Grievance and Complaint Report   SMI Data 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.145 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Coded List of Peer Reviewed Cases including Attestation of Submission Form sent to Contract Compliance 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BHSQMO@azdhs.gov   
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end   
      293  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.146 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Pregnant Women who Receive Maternity Care from a Licensed Midwife Report 
    
  BQ I MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteenth (15 th ) of the month following the end of the quarter  

9.147 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 GSA Integrated Care Performance Measures Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.148 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Fee For Service Check Register Review 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
  ops@azdhs.gov   
    
 Ten (10) business days after the end of the quarter  

9.149 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 BHS Void Log 
    
 Business Information Systems 
    
  ops@azdhs.gov   
    
 Forty-five (45) days after quarter end  

9.150 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Data Validation Findings Summary 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
    BCC  SharePoint site 
      OPS@azdhs.gov

Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.151 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Ride-Along Program Data Validation Review Schedule for the Current Quarter 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint Site 
    
   October 5 th  
 January 5 th  
 April 5 th  
 July 5 th    

9.152 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Copies of all completed internal and external audit reports and findings, and completed fraud, waste and program abuse investigation reports and findings 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint Site 
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.153 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 ACOM 424 quarterly verification of Receipt of Paid Services Audit Report 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint Site 
    
 5 th  day after the end of the quarter that follows the reporting quarter  

9.154 
    
 Quarterly 
    
   Year-to-date   Fraud, Waste and Program Abuse Record and Trend Analysis 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint Site 
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end   
      294  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.155 
    
 Quarterly 
    
   Year-to-date   list of all employees and subcontractors names that have been checked against the Federal Databases of System for Award Management (SAM)
and List of Excluded Individuals/Entities (LEIE) 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint Site 
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.156 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Corporate Compliance External Auditing Schedule 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint site 
    
 Seven (7) days after quarter end  

9.157 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Workforce (Training) Development Report 
    
 Workforce Development 
    
    DBHS.WorkforceDevelopment  
  @ azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.158 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Cultural Competency and Workforce Development Quarterly Report 
    
 Cultural Competency 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov   DBHS.WorkforceDevelopment  
  @ azdhs.gov    
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.159 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Psychosocial Rehabilitation Progress Report 
    
 Employment 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.160 
    
 Quarterly Ad Hoc 
    
 Housing Inventory 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end or upon ADHS request  

9.161 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 RBHA Supervisory Care Home Quarterly Census Report 
    
 Housing 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Thirty (30) days after quarter end  

9.162 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Provider Terminations Due to Rates, Diminished Scope of Services and Closed Panel Reports 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ten (10) days following the end of each quarter   
      295  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.163 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Provider Affiliation Transmission for each individual provider within its provider network 
    
 Network 
    
 Sherman FTP Server 
    
 Ten (10) days after quarter end  

9.164 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Minimum Network Verification for PCP/Dental/Pharmacy and Hospital Standards 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ten (10) days following the end of each quarter  

9.165 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Appointment Availability Provider Report 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ten (10) days following the end of each quarter  

9.166 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Provider/Network Changes Due to Rates Report 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ten (10) days after quarter end  

9.167 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Out of Network Providers Report 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ten (10) days after quarter end  

9.168 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template 
    
 Network; ACOM Policy 436 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ten (10) days after quarter end  

9.169 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Single Case Agreement (SCA) Utilization 
    
 Network 
    
    bhsnetworkmanagement@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Ten (10) days after quarter end  

9.170 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Updates to Office of Human Rights Quarterly Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 Office of Human Rights 
    
 10 th  day of the month following receipt of draft report from Office of Human Rights  

9.171 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 RSS Involvement in service delivery for persons with SMI/GMH/SA 
    
 Office of Individual and Family Affairs 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end  

9.172 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Roster of Peer and Family Committee Members 
    
 Office of Individual and Family Affairs 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteen (15) days after quarter end   
      296  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.173 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 HIV Activity Report 
    
 Office of Prevention 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Fifteenth (15 th ) day of the month  

9.174 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Children s System of Care Plan Update 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 15 th  of the month following quarter end  

9.175 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Priority Population Wait List Report 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Sixty (60) days after end of quarter  

9.176 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 SMI Performance Report 
    
 System of Care 
    
    BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
 Thirty (30) days after the end of the quarter  

9.177 
    
 Quarterly 
    
 Medicare Report 
    
 Finance 
    
  BHSOFR@azdhs.gov   
    
   Medicare Report for Period Ended March is due by May 15 th  
     Medicare Report for Period Ended June is due by August 15 th        Medicare Report for Period Ended
September is due by November 15 th    

9.178 
    
 Semi- Annually 
    
 Recipient and Provider Over and Under Utilization Report and Plan 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
   Medical 
 Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
   July 31 st  
 January 31 st     

9.179 
    
 Semi- Annually 
    
 Authorization Inter-Rater Reliability Testing Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
   April 30 th  
 October 30 th    

9.180 
    
 Semi- Annually 
    
 Members on Provider and Pharmacy Restriction Snap Shot Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
    BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov  
 Medical   Management/Utilization 
 Management  
    
   September 15 th  
 March 15 th     
      297  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

No   
    
    Frequency   
    
    Deliverable Name   
    
    Program Owner   
    
    Submit To   
    
    Due Date    

9.181 
    
 Semi- Annually 
    
 Number of pregnant women who are HIV/AIDS positive- Report 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration -  MCH-EPSDT  
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
 Fifteen (15) days after the end of 2 nd  and 4 th  quarter of each contract year  

9.182 
    
 Semi- Annually 
    
 Language Services Report 
    
 Cultural Competency 
    
   Office of Cultural 
 Competency and 
  BHSContractCompliance@  
  azdhs.gov    
    
   January 30 th  
 July 30 th     

9.183 
    
 Semi- Annually 
    
 High Need/High Cost Coordination Summary 
    
 Bureau of Quality   Integration 
    
  BQI.Deliverables@azdhs.gov   
    
   January 1 st  
 July 1 st    

9.184 
    
 Semi- Annually 
    
 Corporate Compliance Audit Summary 
    
 Corporate Compliance 
    
  BCC  SharePoint site 
    
   April 1 st  
 October 1 st     
 
      298  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES      CONTRACT
NO: ADHS15-00004276       

299  

EXHIBIT-10    
  Greater Arizona ZIP CODES   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       
 
      300  

EXHIBIT-10    
  Greater Arizona ZIP CODES   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       

      301  

EXHIBIT-11    
  Capitation Rates   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276   
  For details related to Capitation Rates for 2015 see the links below.   
   http://azdhs.gov/bhs/finance/documents/bhs-cye2015-capitation-rates-member-months.pdf    
     http://www.azdhs.gov/bhs/finance/documents/cye-15-bhs-actuarial-certification.pdf
        *Please note that these rates have been approved by CMS.  
      302  

EXHIBIT-11    
  Capitation Rates   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  Capitation Rates for Northern GSA for Effective Dates 10/1/15 through 9/30/16  
 Health Choice Integrated Care Capitation Rate for GSA 7      

CHILD - Title XIX and Title XXI eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of
providing covered behavioral health services to children), not enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 39.14 pm/pm 

CMDP CHILD - Title XIX eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing
covered behavioral health services to children), enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 1,273.31 pm/pm 

GMH/SA -: Title XIX and Title XXI eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of
providing covered behavioral health services to adult members without serious mental illness):  
    
 $ 
 39.42 pm/pm 

SMI  NON-INTEGRATED  - Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and
older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are not receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 2.92 pm/pm 

SMI INTEGRATED -: Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing
covered behavioral health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 1,467.89 pm/pm 

DES DD ALTCS eligible children representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health
services to DES DD ALTCS children.  
    
 $ 
 334.85 pm/pm 

DES DD ALTCS eligible adults representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health services
to DES DD ALTCS adults.  
    
 $ 
 147.57 pm/pm 

303  

EXHIBIT-11    
  Capitation Rates   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       
  Capitation Rates for Southern GSA for Effective Dates 10/1/15 through 9/30/16  
 Cenpatico Integrated Care Capitation Rate for GSA 8      

CHILD -: Title XIX and Title XXI eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of
providing covered behavioral health services to children), not enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 54.27 pm/pm 

CMDP CHILD - Title XIX eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing
covered behavioral health services to children), enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 1,049.17 pm/pm 

GMH/SA - Title XIX and Title XXI eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of
providing covered behavioral health services to adult members without serious mental illness):  
    
 $ 
 60.55 pm/pm 

SMI  NON-INTEGRATED  - Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and
older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are not receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 2.22 pm/pm 

SMI INTEGRATED - Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing
covered behavioral health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 1,491.31 pm/pm 

DES DD ALTCS eligible children representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health
services to DES DD ALTCS children.  
    
 $ 
 158.04 pm/pm 

DES DD ALTCS eligible adults representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health services
to DES DD ALTCS adults.  
    
 $ 
 154.22 pm/pm 

304  

EXHIBIT-11    
  Capitation Rates   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276       
    Capitation Rate Development Description    
 For the physical health portion of the capitation rate for those members with Serious Mental Illness (SMI) who are receiving physical health care services
under this contract, the capitation rate development process involved using historical encounter data for the time period from October 1, 2010 through September 30, 2013. The base period data was adjusted by application of completion
factors and historical programmatic and provider rate change factors. Weights were then applied to the adjusted base period data for the three periods of contract year ending (CYE) CYE 11 (October 1, 2010 through September 30, 2011), CYE 12
(October 1, 2011 through September 30, 2012) and CYE 13 (October 1, 2012 through September 30, 2013), with higher weights applied to more recent periods.  
 Historical trend rates by major category of service were developed from the adjusted base period data. Due to the small population size, the historical trend
rates for the SMI integrated population were not reliable for projecting future experience. Thus, the trend rates used in the Acute Care capitation rate development for CYE 15 (October 1, 2014 through September 30, 2015) for similar populations
and geographical areas were reviewed and deemed to be reasonable for use in this rate development and thus were utilized. The rates reflect trend to the midpoint of the CYE 15 rating period.  
 Adjustments were then made for changes that will occur in the CYE 15 rating period that were not reflected in the adjusted base period claims costs.  
 The starting point for the behavioral health capitation rates (both the behavioral health component of the integrated cap rates and the behavioral health
capitation rates for  non-integrated  members) was the behavioral health rates for CYE 15 applicable to incumbent Contractors. Those rates were combined into the new geographical service areas
(Northern/Southern) with adjustments for county/zip code realignments previously described.    An adjustment was made to reflect the shift of responsibility
from the Regional Behavioral Health Authority (RBHA) Contractors to the Acute Care Contractors for General Mental Health/Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) dual-eligible (with Medicare) members who are enrolled in the Acute Care program. An adjustment was
also made to the denominator used in the capitation rate development for members with SMI who will receive physical health care services under this contract. That denominator will be based only on those members with SMI rather than the entire adult
population as is the current practice.    No rate adjustments for utilization of the Hepatitis C drug Solvadi, or trend or programmatic changes from CYE 15
to CYE 16 were made. These rate adjustments, as well as updates to base period experience and other necessary changes, will be made during 2015 when capitation rates for CYE 16 are finalized.  
      305  

EXHIBIT-13    
  PLEDGE TO PROTECT CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION   
  CONTRACT NO: ADHS15-00004276   
 CONFIDENTIALITY OF RECORDS:    The Contractor and its employees
shall establish and maintain procedures and controls that are in compliance with the Healthcare Insurance Portability and Accountability Act for the purpose of assuring that no information contained in the Department s records or obtained from
the Department or from others in carrying out its functions under the contract shall be used or disclosed by it, its agents, officers, or employees. Contractor and its employees understand that the Department s records are declared confidential
and privileged by law and they are precluded from disclosing any information from such records to anyone. Any requests for records or record information shall be made in writing to the Department s Manager of Health Registries.  
 Signature of the Contractor and its employees affirms agreement and assures compliance with the confidentiality requirements stated above.  

Company Representative  

Date  

Title   

Company Representative  

Date  

Title   

Employee  

Date  

Employee  

Date  

Employee  

Date  

Employee  

Date  

Employee  

Date  

Employee  

Date  

Employee  

Date  

Employee  

Date  

306  

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 6
 d275632dex1018.htm
 EX-10.18

EX-10.18 

Exhibit 10.18       
    PROGRAM: Behavioral Health Services Administration   Health Choice Integrated Care-HCIC   
  Effective October 1, 2015, it is mutually agreed that the Contract referenced is amended as follows:   

1.  
   Pursuant to Uniform Terms and Conditions, Paragraph 5. Contract Changes, 1. Amendments and Special Terms and Conditions, Paragraph 16. Contract Changes,  Exhibit 11 Capitation Rates  are hereby replaced with
the CAPITATION RATES of this amendment.       All other provisions shall remain in their entirety.   

Contractor hereby acknowledges receipt and acceptance of above amendment and that a signed copy must be filed with the Procurement Office before the effective date. 

The above referenced Contract Amendment is hereby executed this  

day of             , 2015  

at Phoenix, Arizona  

Signature 
   
 Date                 

Authorized Signatory s Name and Title: 

Procurement Officer:  

Mary Jo Gregory   

Contractor s Name: 

HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE  

1  

EXHIBIT   11   
  CAPITATION RATES   
  CONTRACT NO: AHDS15-085892       

Health Choice Integrated Care  

Capitation Rate for GSA 7 

Effective Dates October 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016  

Title XIX and Title XXI eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing
covered behavioral health services to children), not enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 39.14 pm/pm 

Title XIX eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing covered
behavioral health services to children), enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 1,273.31 pm/pm 

Title XIX and Title XXI eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing
covered behavioral health services to adult members without serious mental illness):  
    
 $ 
 39.42 pm/pm 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are not receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 2.92 pm/pm 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 1,467.89 pm/pm 

DES DD ALTCS eligible children representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health
services to DES DD ALTCS children.  
    
 $ 
 334.85 pm/pm 

DES DD ALTCS eligible adults representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health services
to DES DD ALTCS adults.  
    
 $ 
 147.57 pm/pm 

2  

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 7
 d275632dex1019.htm
 EX-10.19

EX-10.19 

Exhibit 10.19       

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM  
  AHCCCS Contract Number: YH17-0001-02  
  CONTRACT COVER PAGE   

6. 
 PURPOSE: The purpose of this amendment is to amend the Contract for the period July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 and to the amend Sections, Uniform Terms and Conditions, Special Terms and Conditions,
Scope of Work, Exhibit Summary, and Exhibits.        

7. 
 THE ABOVE REFERENCED CONTRACT IS HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS:      This Contract amendment is entered
into by and between the Regional Behavioral Health Authority and the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS).    Arizona Laws
2015, Chapter 19, Section 9 (SB 1480) enacts that from and after June 30, 2016, the provision of behavioral health services under the Division of Behavioral Health Services (DBHS) in the Department of Health Services is transferred to and
shall be administered by the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS). From and after June 30, 2016, the AHCCCS administration succeeds to the authority, powers, duties and responsibilities of DBHS with the exception of the Arizona
State Hospital. Administrative rules and orders that were adopted by DBHS continue in effect until superseded by administrative action by AHCCCS. Until administrative action is taken by AHCCCS, any reference to DBHS in rules and orders is considered
to refer to AHCCCS.    All administrative matters, contracts and judicial and quasi-judicial actions, whether completed, pending or in
process, of DBHS on July 1, 2016 are transferred to and retain the same status with AHCCCS.    This contract amendment constitutes a
full removal and replacement of the prior contract between the Regional Behavioral Health Authority and the Arizona Department of Health Services/Division of Behavioral Health Services under Contract #ADHS15-085892.  
 Contract Sections Amended:      

Uniform Terms and Conditions -  Replaced with Terms and Conditions         

Special Terms and Conditions -  Replaced with Terms and Conditions         

Scope of Work        

Exhibit Summary- RESERVED        

Exhibit-1, Definitions        

Exhibit-2, Acronyms- RESERVED        

Exhibit-3, Medicare Requirement to Coordinate Care for Dual Eligible SMI Members        

Exhibit-4, PLACEHOLDER        

Exhibit-5, Arizona Vision   Twelve Principles for Children Services Delivery - Reserved        

Exhibit-7, Documents Incorporated by Reference - RESERVED        

Exhibit-8, Informational Documents - RESERVED        

Exhibit-9, Deliverables        

Exhibit-11, Capitation Rates   NAME REVISED TO:  Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements         

Exhibit-12, PLACEHOLDER        

Exhibit-13, Pledge to Protect Confidential Information   RESERVED        

Exhibit-14, Enrollee Grievance System Standards        

Exhibit-15, Provider Claim Dispute Standards        

Endnotes      Refer to the individual Contract sections for specific changes.  
   
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO SIGN THEIR NAMES IN
AGREEMENT       

9.      SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE:  
   
   10.    SIGNATURE OF AHCCCS CONTRACTING OFFICER:   

TYPED NAME: 
   
 TYPED NAME:  
 
  SHAWN NAU  
   
  MEGGAN HARLEY, MSW, CPPO   

TITLE: 
   
 TITLE:  
 
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
   
  PROCUREMENT MANAGER   

DATE: 
   
 DATE:  

5/16/2016  
 
      1  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA      TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.  
  ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION OF CONTRACT       The Contractor shall not advertise or publish
information for commercial benefit concerning this contract without the prior written approval of the Contracting Officer.      

2.  
  APPLICABLE LAW       Arizona Law - The law of Arizona applies to this contract including,
where applicable, the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted in the State of Arizona.    Implied Contract Terms - Each provision of law and any
terms required by law to be in this contract are a part of this contract as if fully stated in it.      

3.  
  ARBITRATION       The parties to this contract agree to resolve all disputes arising out of
or relating to this contract through arbitration, after exhausting applicable administrative review, to the extent required by A.R.S.  12-1518 except as may be required by other applicable statutes.  

4.  
  ASSIGNMENT AND DELEGATION       The Contractor shall not assign any rights nor delegate all
of the duties under this contract. Delegation of less than all of the duties of this contract must conform to the requirements of Scope of Work, Subcontracting Requirements.      

5.  
  ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACT AND BANKRUPTCY       This contract is voidable and subject to
immediate cancellation by AHCCCS upon the Contractor becoming insolvent or filing proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization under the United States Code, or assigning rights or obligations under this contract without the prior written consent of
AHCCCS.      

6.  
  AUDITS AND INSPECTIONS       The Contractor shall comply with all provisions specified in
applicable A.R.S.  35-214 and  35-215 and AHCCCS rules and policies and procedures relating to the audit of the Contractor s records and the inspection of the Contractor s facilities. The Contractor shall fully cooperate with
AHCCCS staff and allow them reasonable access to the Contractor s staff, subcontractors, members, and records [42 CFR 438.6(g)].    At
any time during the term of this contract, and five (5) years thereafter unless a longer time is otherwise required by law, the Contractor s or any subcontractor s books and records shall be subject to audit by AHCCCS and, where
applicable, the Federal government, to the extent that the books and records relate to the performance of the contract or subcontracts [42 CFR 438.242(b)(3)].  
 AHCCCS, or its duly authorized agents, and the Federal government may evaluate through on-site inspection or other means, the quality,
appropriateness and timeliness of services performed under this contract.  
      2  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.  
  AUTHORITY       This contract is issued under the authority of the Contracting Officer who
signed this contract. Changes to the contract, including the addition of work or materials, the revision of payment terms, or the substitution of work or materials, directed by an unauthorized state employee or made unilaterally by the Contractor
are violations of the contract and of applicable law. Such changes, including unauthorized written contract amendments, shall be void and without effect, and the Contractor shall not be entitled to any claim under this contract based on those
changes.      
   AHCCCS may at any time, by written notice to the Contractor, make changes
within the general scope of this contract. If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, performance of any part of the work under this contract, the Contractor may assert its right to an adjustment in
compensation paid under this contract. The Contractor must assert its right to such adjustment within 30 days from the date of receipt of the change notice. Any dispute or disagreement caused by such notice shall constitute a dispute within the
meaning of Section, Contract Terms and Conditions, Disputes, and be administered accordingly.    Contract amendments are subject to approval
by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), and approval is withheld until all amendments are signed by the Contractor. When AHCCCS issues an Amendment to modify the Contract, the Contractor shall ensure contract amendments are signed
and submitted to AHCCCS by the date specified by AHCCCS. The provisions of such amendment will be deemed to have been accepted on the day following the date AHCCCS requires an executed amendment, even if the amendment has not been signed by the
Contractor, unless within that time the Contractor notifies AHCCCS in writing that it refuses to sign the amendment. If the Contractor provides such notification, AHCCCS will initiate termination proceedings.  

9.  
  CHOICE OF FORUM       The parties agree that jurisdiction over any action arising out of or
relating to this contract shall be brought or filed in a court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of Arizona.      

10.  
  COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS       The Contractor shall comply with
all applicable Federal and State laws and regulations including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (regarding education programs and activities); the Age Discrimination Act of 1975; the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (regarding education programs and activities), and the Americans with Disabilities Act; EEO provisions; Copeland Anti-Kickback Act; Davis-Bacon Act; Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards; Rights to Inventions Made Under
a Contract or Agreement; Clean Air Act and Federal Water Pollution Control Act; Byrd Anti-Lobbying Amendment. The Contractor shall maintain all applicable licenses and permits.  

11.  
  CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION       The Contractor shall
safeguard confidential information in accordance with Federal and State laws and regulations, including but not limited to, 42 CFR 431, Subpart F, A.R.S.  36-107,  36-2903 (for Acute),  36-2932 (for ALTCS),  41-1959 and
 46-135, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (Public Law 107-191 Statutes 1936), 45 CFR parts 160 and 164, and AHCCCS Rules.  
      3  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The Contractor shall establish and maintain procedures and controls that are acceptable to
AHCCCS for the purpose of assuring that no information contained in its records or obtained from AHCCCS or others carrying out its functions under the contract shall be used or disclosed by its agents, officers or employees, except as required to
efficiently perform duties under the contract. Except as required or permitted by law, the Contractor also agrees that any information pertaining to individual persons shall not be divulged other than to employees or officers of the Contractor as
needed for the performance of duties under the contract, unless otherwise agreed to, in writing, by AHCCCS.    The Contractor shall not,
without prior written approval from AHCCCS, either during or after the performance of the services required by this contract, use, other than for such performance, or disclose to any person other than AHCCCS personnel with a need to know, any
information, data, material, or exhibits created, developed, produced, or otherwise obtained during the course of the work required by this contract. This nondisclosure requirement shall also pertain to any information contained in reports,
documents, or other records furnished to the Contractor by AHCCCS.      

12.  
  CONFLICT OF INTEREST       The Contractor shall not undertake any work that represents a
potential conflict of interest, or which is not in the best interest of AHCCCS or the State without prior written approval by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall fully and completely disclose any situation that may present a conflict of interest. If the
Contractor is now performing or elects to perform during the term of this contract any services for any AHCCCS health plan, provider or Contractor or an entity owning or controlling same, the Contractor shall disclose this relationship prior to
accepting any assignment involving such party.      

13.  
  CONTINUATION OF PERFORMANCE THROUGH TERMINATION       The Contractor shall continue to
perform, in accordance with the requirements of the contract, up to the date of termination and as directed in the termination notice.      
   The Contract between AHCCCS and the Contractor shall include: 1) the Request
for Proposal (RFP) including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference as part of the RFP, 2) the proposal submitted by the Contractor in response to the RFP including any Best and Final Offers, and 3) any Contract amendments. In the
event of a conflict in language between the proposal (including any Best and Final Offers) and the RFP (including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference), the provisions and requirements set forth and/or referenced in the RFP
(including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference) shall govern.    The Contract shall be construed according to the laws
of the State of Arizona. The State of Arizona is not obligated for the expenditures under the contract until funds have been encumbered.      

15.  
  CONTRACT INTERPRETATION AND AMENDMENT        No Parole Evidence  - This contract is
intended by the parties as a final and complete expression of their agreement. No course of prior dealings between the parties and no usage of the trade shall supplement or explain any term used in this contract.  
      4  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
   No Waiver  - Either party s failure to insist on strict performance of any term or
condition of the contract shall not be deemed a waiver of that term or condition even if the party accepting or acquiescing in the non-conforming performance knows of the nature of the performance and fails to object to it.  
  Written Contract Amendments  - The contract shall be modified only through a written contract amendment within the scope of the contract
signed by the procurement officer on behalf of the State and signed by a duly authorized representative of the Contractor.      

16.  
  COOPERATION WITH OTHER CONTRACTORS       AHCCCS may award other contracts for additional work
related to this contract and Contractor shall fully cooperate with such other contractors and AHCCCS employees or designated agents. The Contractor shall not commit or permit any act which will interfere with the performance of work by any other
Contractor or by AHCCCS employees.      

17.  
  COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES       The Contractor warrants that no person or agency has
been employed or retained to solicit or secure this contract upon an agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage or contingent fee. For violation of this warranty, AHCCCS shall have the right to annul this contract without
liability.      
   The Contractor shall certify that financial and encounter data
submitted to AHCCCS is complete, accurate and truthful. Certification of financial and encounter data must be submitted concurrently with the data. Certification may be provided by the Contractor CEO, CFO or an individual who is delegated authority
to sign for, and who reports directly to the CEO or CFO [42 CFR 438.604 et seq.].      
   Contract claims and disputes shall be adjudicated in accordance with State
Law, AHCCCS Rules and this contract.    Except as provided by 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6, the exclusive manner for the Contractor to
assert any dispute against AHCCCS shall be in accordance with the process outlined in 9 A.A.C. Chapter 34 and A.R.S.  36-2932. All disputes except as provided under 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6 shall be filed in writing and be received by
AHCCCS no later than 60 days from the date of the disputed notice. All disputes shall state the factual and legal basis for the dispute. Pending the final resolution of any disputes involving this contract, the Contractor shall proceed with
performance of this contract in accordance with AHCCCS  instructions, unless AHCCCS specifically, in writing, requests termination or a temporary suspension of performance.  

20.  
  E-VERIFY REQUIREMENTS       In accordance with A.R.S  41-4401, the Contractor warrants
compliance with all Federal immigration laws and regulations relating to employees and warrants its compliance with Section A.R.S.  23-214, Subsection A.  
      5  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The effective date of this contract shall be the Offer and Acceptance
date referenced on page 1 of this contract.     ELIGIBILITY FOR STATE OR LOCAL PUBLIC BENEFITS; DOCUMENTATION AND VIOLATIONS  To the
extent permitted by Federal Law:    The Contractor shall comply with A.R.S   1-502. A.R.S   1-502 requires each person applying or
receiving a public benefit to provide documented proof which demonstrates a lawful presence in the United States.    The State shall reserve
the right to conduct unscheduled, periodic process and documentation audits to ensure Contractor compliance. All available Contract remedies, up to and including termination may be taken for failure to comply with A.R.S   1-502 in the delivery
of services under this Contract.      

22.  
  EMPLOYEES OF THE CONTRACTOR       All employees of the Contractor employed in the performance
of work under the Contract shall be considered employees of the Contractor at all times, and not employees of AHCCCS or the State. The Contractor shall comply with the Social Security Act, Workman s Compensation laws and Unemployment laws of
the State of Arizona and all State, local and Federal legislation relevant to the Contractor s business.      

23.  
  FEDERAL IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT       The Contractor shall comply with all Federal,
State and local immigration laws and regulations relating to the immigration status of their employees during the term of the contract. Further, the Contractor shall flow down this requirement to all subcontractors utilized during the term of the
contract. The State shall retain the right to perform random audits of Contractor and subcontractor records or to inspect papers of any employee thereof to ensure compliance. Should the State determine that the Contractor and/or any subcontractors
be found noncompliant, the State may pursue all remedies allowed by law, including, but not limited to; suspension of work, termination of the contract for default and suspension and/or debarment of the Contractor.  
   
   AHCCCS may, by written notice to the Contractor, immediately terminate this
contract if it determines that employment or a gratuity was offered or made by the Contractor or a representative of the Contractor to any officer or employee of the State for the purpose of influencing the outcome of the procurement or securing the
contract, an amendment to the contract, or favorable treatment concerning the contract, including the making of any determination or decision about contract performance. AHCCCS, in addition to any other rights or remedies, shall be entitled to
recover exemplary damages in the amount of three times the value of the gratuity offered by the Contractor.  
      6  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

25.  
  INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE       This solicitation and all attachments and amendments, the
Contractor s proposal, best and final offer accepted by ADHS/DBHS, and any approved subcontracts are hereby incorporated by reference into the contract.      
    Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Not Public Agency):   
 The parties to this contract agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be indemnified and held
harmless by the Contractor for the vicarious liability of the State as a result of entering into this contract. The Contractor agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the State from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs,
and expenses, including attorney s fees and costs, arising out of litigation against AHCCCS including, but not limited to, class action lawsuits challenging actions by the Contractor. The requirement for indemnification applies irrespective of
whether or not the Contractor is a party to the lawsuit. Each Contractor shall indemnify the State, on a pro rata basis based on population, attorney s fees and costs awarded against the State as well as the attorney s fees and costs
incurred by the State in defending the lawsuit. The Contractor shall also indemnify AHCCCS, on a pro rata basis based on population, the administrative expenses incurred by AHCCCS to address Contractor deficiencies arising out of the litigation. The
parties further agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be responsible for its own negligence and/or willful misconduct. Each party to this contract is responsible for its own negligence and/or
willful misconduct.     Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Public Agency):   
 Each party ( as indemnitor ) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party ( as indemnitee ) from and
against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) (hereinafter collectively referred to as  claims ) arising out of bodily injury of any person (including death) or property
damage but only to the extent that such claims which result in vicarious/derivative liability to the indemnitee, are caused by the act, omission, negligence, misconduct, or other fault of the indemnitor, its officers, officials, agents, employees,
or volunteers.      

27.  
  INDEMNIFICATION - PATENT AND COPYRIGHT       To the extent permitted by applicable law the
Contractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the State against any liability including costs and expenses for infringement of any patent, trademark or copyright arising out of contract performance or use by the State of materials furnished
or work performed under this contract. The State shall reasonably notify the Contractor of any claim for which it may be liable under this paragraph.      
   The Contractor is required to maintain insurance, at a minimum, as specified
in Attachment E-1 Standard Professional Service Contracts. For policies for insurance for professional service contracts working with children or vulnerable adults, the policy may be endorsed to include coverage for sexual abuse and molestation.
 
      7  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
   ATTACHMENT E-1   
  STANDARD PROFESSIONAL SERVICE CONTRACT      INDEMNIFICATION
CLAUSE:     To the fullest extent permitted by law, Contractor shall defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless the State of Arizona, and its departments,
agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees (hereinafter referred to as  Indemnitee ) from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses (including court
costs, attorneys  fees, and costs of claim processing, investigation and litigation) (hereinafter referred to as  Claims ) for bodily injury or personal injury (including death), or loss or damage to tangible or intangible property
caused, or alleged to be caused, in whole or in part, by the negligent or willful acts or omissions of Contractor or any of its owners, officers, directors, agents, employees or subcontractors. This indemnity includes any claim or amount arising out
of or recovered under the Workers  Compensation Law or arising out of the failure of such Contractor to conform to any Federal, State or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or court decree. It is the specific intention of the
parties that the Indemnitee shall, in all instances, except for Claims arising solely from the negligent or willful acts or omissions of the Indemnitee, be indemnified by Contractor from and against any and all claims. It is agreed that Contractor
will be responsible for primary loss investigation, defense and judgment costs where this indemnification is applicable. In consideration of the award of this contract, the Contractor agrees to waive all rights of subrogation against the State of
Arizona, its officers, officials, agents and employees for losses arising from the work performed by the Contractor for the State of Arizona.     This
indemnity shall not apply if the Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are an agency, board, commission or university of the State of Arizona.       

1.  
  INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:       Contractors shall procure and maintain until all of their
obligations have been discharged, including any warranty periods under this Contract, insurance against claims for injury to persons or damage to property arising from or in connection with the performance of the work hereunder by the Contractor,
its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors.    The insurance requirements herein are minimum requirements for this Contract and
in no way limit the indemnity covenants contained in this Contract. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the minimum limits contained herein are sufficient to protect the Contractor from liabilities that arise out of the performance of the
work under this contract by the Contractor, its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors, and the Contractor is free to purchase additional insurance.      

A. 
   MINIMUM SCOPE AND LIMITS OF INSURANCE :  Contractor shall provide coverage with limits of liability not less than those stated below.    

1. 
  Commercial General Liability (CGL)   Occurrence Form       Policy shall include bodily
injury, property damage, and broad form contractual liability coverage.      

a. 
 The policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees as
additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.    
      8  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

2.  
  Business Automobile Liability       Bodily Injury and Property Damage for any owned, hired,
and/or non-owned vehicles used in the performance of this Contract.      

a. 
 Policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees as
additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor, involving automobiles owned, leased, hired, and/or non-owned by the Contractor.    

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

c. 
 Policy shall contain a severability of interest provision.        

3.  
  Worker s Compensation and Employers  Liability         

Workers  Compensation Statutory        

Employers  Liability        

a. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 This requirement shall not apply to each Contractor or subcontractor that is exempt under A.R.S.  23-901, and when such Contractor or subcontractor executes the appropriate waiver form (Sole Proprietor or
Independent Contractor).        

4.  
  Professional Liability (Errors and Omissions Liability)         

a. 
 In the event that the Professional Liability insurance required by this Contract is written on a claims-made basis, Contractor warrants that any retroactive date under the policy shall precede the effective date of this
Contract; and either continuous coverage will be maintained or an extended discovery period will be exercised for a period of two years beginning at the time work under this Contract is completed.    

b. 
 The policy shall cover professional misconduct or negligent acts for those positions defined in the Scope of Work of this Contract.    
      9  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

B. 
   ADDITIONAL INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS :  The policies shall include, or be endorsed to include, as required by this written agreement, the following provisions:    

1. 
 The Contractor s policies shall stipulate that the insurance afforded the Contractor shall be primary and that any insurance carried by AHCCCS, its agents, officials, employees or the State of Arizona shall be
excess and not contributory insurance, as provided by A.R.S.  41-621 (E).        

2. 
 Insurance provided by the Contractor shall not limit the Contractor s liability assumed under the indemnification provisions of this Contract.    

C. 
   NOTICE OF CANCELLATION :  For each insurance policy required by the insurance provisions of this Contract, the Contractor must provide to the State of Arizona, within two (2) business days of receipt, a
notice if a policy is suspended, voided, or cancelled for any reason. Such notice shall be sent to AHCCCS Contracts Unit, Mail Drop 5700, Division of Business and Finance, 701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034.    

D. 
   ACCEPTABILITY OF INSURERS :  Contractor s insurance shall be placed with companies licensed in the State of Arizona or hold approved non-admitted status on the Arizona Department of Insurance List of
Qualified Unauthorized Insurers. Insurers shall have an  A.M. Best  rating of not less than A- VII. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the above-required minimum insurer rating is sufficient to protect the Contractor from
potential insurer insolvency.        

E. 
   VERIFICATION OF COVERAGE :  Contractor shall furnish the State of Arizona with certificates of insurance (valid ACORD form or equivalent approved by the State of Arizona) as required by this Contract and as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. An authorized representative of the insurer shall sign the certificates .       All
certificates and endorsements, as required by this written agreement, are to be received and approved by the State of Arizona before work commences. Each insurance policy required by this Contract must be in effect at or prior to commencement of
work under this Contract. Failure to maintain the insurance policies as required by this Contract, or to provide evidence of renewal, is a material breach of Contract.  
 All certificates required by this Contract shall be sent directly to AHCCCS Contracts Unit, Mail Drop 5700, Division of Business and Finance,
701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034. All subcontractors are required to maintain insurance and to provide verification upon request. The AHCCCS project/contract number and project description shall be noted on the certificate of insurance. The
State of Arizona and AHCCCS reserves the right to require complete, certified copies of all insurance policies required by this Contract at any time .       

F. 
   SUBCONTRACTORS :  Contractors  certificate(s) shall include all subcontractors as insureds under its policies or Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring and/or verifying that all subcontractors
have valid and collectable insurance as evidenced by the certificates of insurance and endorsements for each subcontractor. All coverages for subcontractors shall be subject to the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions located on the AHCCCS website.
AHCCCS reserves the right to require, at any time throughout the life of this contract, proof from the Contractor that its subcontractors have the required coverage.    

G. 
   APPROVAL AND MODIFICATIONS :  AHCCCS, in consultation with State Risk, reserves the right to review or make modifications to the insurance limits, required coverages, or endorsements throughout the life of
this contract, as deemed necessary. Such action will not require a formal contract amendment but may be made by administrative action.        

[END 
 OF ATTACHMENT E-1]    
      10  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   In order to receive payment under any resulting contract, the Contractor
shall have a current IRS W9 Form on file with the State of Arizona.      
   No funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS, or interest earned thereon, shall
be used for the purpose of influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any Federal or State agency, a member of the United States Congress or State Legislature, an officer or employee of a member of the United States Congress or
State Legislature in connection with awarding of any Federal or State contract, the making of any Federal or State grant, the making of any Federal or State loan, the entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation,
renewal, amendment or modification of any Federal or State contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement. The Contractor shall disclose if any funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS have been used or will be used to influence the persons and
entities indicated above and will assist AHCCCS in making such disclosures to CMS.      

31.  
  NO GUARANTEED QUANTITIES       AHCCCS does not guarantee the Contractor any minimum or
maximum quantity of services or goods to be provided under this contract.      
   In accordance with A.R.S.  41-1461 et seq. and Executive Order
2009-09, the Contractor shall provide equal employment opportunities for all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, disability or political affiliation. The Contractor shall comply with the Americans with
Disabilities Act.      

33.  
  NON-EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES       The rights and the remedies of AHCCCS under this contract are
not exclusive.      

34.  
  OFF-SHORE PERFORMANCE OF WORK PROHIBITED       Any services that are described in the
specifications or scope of work that directly serve the State of Arizona or its clients and involve access to secure or sensitive data or personal client data shall be performed within the defined territories of the United States. Unless
specifically stated otherwise in the specifications, this paragraph does not apply to indirect or  overhead  services, redundant back-up services or services that are incidental to the performance of the contract. This provision applies to
work performed by subcontractors at all tiers.      
   The parties to this contract shall be bound by all terms and
conditions contained herein. For interpreting such terms and conditions the following sources shall have precedence in descending order: The Constitution and laws of the United States and applicable Federal regulations; the terms of the CMS 1115
waiver for the State of Arizona; the Constitution and laws of Arizona, and applicable State Rules; the terms of this contract which consists of the RFP, the proposal of the successful Offeror, and any Best and Final Offer including any attachments,
executed amendments and modifications; and AHCCCS policies and procedures.  
      11  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

36.  
  OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION AND DATA       Materials, reports and other deliverables created
under this contract are the sole property of AHCCCS. The Contractor is not entitled to any rights to those materials and may not transfer any rights to anyone else. Except as necessary to carry out the requirements of this contract, as otherwise
allowed under this contract, or as required by law, the Contractor shall not use or release data, information or materials, reports, or deliverables derived from that data or information without the prior written consent of AHCCCS. Data, information
and reports collected or prepared by the Contractor in the course of performing its duties and obligations under this contract shall not be used by the Contractor for any independent project of the Contractor or publicized by the Contractor without
the prior written permission of AHCCCS. Subject to applicable state and Federal laws and regulations, AHCCCS shall have full and complete rights to reproduce, duplicate, disclose and otherwise use all such information.  
 At the termination of the contract, the Contractor shall make available all such data to AHCCCS within 30 days following termination of the
contract or such longer period as approved by AHCCCS, Office of the Director. For purposes of this subsection, the term  data  shall not include member medical records.  
 Except as otherwise provided in this section, if any copyrightable or patentable material is developed by the Contractor in the course of
performance of this contract, the Federal government, AHCCCS and the State of Arizona shall have a royalty-free, nonexclusive, and irrevocable right to reproduce, publish, or otherwise use, and to authorize others to use, the work for state or
Federal government purposes. The Contractor shall additionally be subject to the applicable provisions of 45 CFR Part 74.      

38.  
  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES       The Contractor under this contract is an independent
Contractor. Neither party to this contract shall be deemed to be the employee or agent of the other party to the contract.      
   AHCCCS shall be entitled to offset against any sums due the Contractor
any expenses or costs incurred by AHCCCS or damages assessed by AHCCCS concerning the Contractor s non-conforming performance or failure to perform the contract, including but not limited to expenses, costs and damages.  
   
   If AHCCCS, in good faith, has reason to believe that the Contractor
does not intend to perform or is unable to continue to perform this contract, the procurement officer may demand in writing that the Contractor give a written assurance of intent to perform. The demand shall be sent to the Contractor by certified
mail, return receipt required. Failure by the Contractor to provide written assurance within the number of days specified in the demand may, at the State s option, be the basis for terminating the contract.  

41.  
  RIGHT TO INSPECT PLANT OR PLACE OF BUSINESS       AHCCCS may, at reasonable times, inspect
the part of the plant or place of business of the Contractor or subcontractor that is related to the performance of this contract, in accordance with A.R.S.  41-2547.  
      12  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

The provisions of this contract are severable. Any term or condition
deemed illegal or invalid shall not affect any other term or condition of the contract.      

44.  
  SUSPENSION OR DEBARMENT       The Contractor shall not employ, consult, subcontract or enter
into any agreement for Title XIX services with any person or entity who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity or from participating in non-procurement activities under regulations issued under Executive Order
12549 [42 CFR 438.610(a)(b)] or under guidelines implementing Executive Order 12549. This prohibition extends to any entity which employs, consults, subcontracts with or otherwise reimburses for services any person substantially involved in the
management of another entity which is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity. The Contractor is obligated to screen all employees and contractors to determine whether any of them have been excluded from
participation in Federal health care programs. The Contractor can search the HHS-OIG website by the names of any individuals. The database can be accessed at http://www.oig.hhs.gov/fraud/exclusions.asp.  
 The Contractor shall not retain as a director, officer, partner or owner of 5% or more of the Contractor entity, any person, or affiliate of
such a person, who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity.    AHCCCS may, by written notice to the
Contractor, immediately terminate this contract if it determines that the Contractor has been debarred, suspended or otherwise lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity.  

45.  
  TEMPORARY MANAGEMENT/OPERATION OF A CONTRACTOR        Temporary Management/Operation by
AHCCCS:  Pursuant to the Medicaid Managed Care Regulations, 42 CFR 438.700 et seq. and State Law A.R.S.  36-2903, AHCCCS is authorized to impose temporary management for a Contractor under certain conditions. Under Federal law, temporary
management may be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is continued egregious behavior by the Contractor, including but not limited to the following: substantial failure to provide medically necessary services the Contractor is required to
provide; imposition on enrollees premiums or charges that exceed those permitted by AHCCCS, discrimination among enrollees on the basis of health status or need for health care services; misrepresentation or falsification of information to AHCCCS or
CMS; misrepresentation or falsification of information furnished to an enrollee or provider; distribution of marketing materials that have not been approved by AHCCCS or that are false or misleading; or behavior contrary to any requirements of
Sections 1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Temporary management may also be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is substantial risk to enrollees  health or that temporary management is necessary to ensure the health of enrollees
while the Contractor is correcting the deficiencies noted above or until there is an orderly transition or reorganization of the Contractor. Under Federal law, temporary management is mandatory if AHCCCS determines that the Contractor has repeatedly
failed to meet substantive requirements in Sections 1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Pursuant to 42 CFR 438.706, AHCCCS shall not delay imposition of temporary management to provide a hearing before imposing this sanction.  
      13  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  If AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor, AHCCCS, through designees appointed
by the Director, shall be vested with full and exclusive power of management and control of the Contractor as necessary to ensure the uninterrupted care to persons and accomplish the orderly transition of persons to a new or existing Contractor, or
until the Contractor corrects the contract performance failure to the satisfaction of AHCCCS. AHCCCS shall have the power to employ any necessary assistants, to execute any instrument in the name of the Contractor, to commence, defend and conduct in
its name any action or proceeding in which the Contractor may be a party; such powers shall only apply with respect to activities occurring after AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor in connection with this Section.  
 All reasonable expenses of AHCCCS related to the direct operation of the Contractor, including attorney fees, cost of preliminary or other
audits of the Contractor and expenses related to the management of any office or other assets of the Contractor, shall be paid by the Contractor or withheld from payment due from AHCCCS to the Contractor.  

46.  
  TERM OF CONTRACT AND OPTION TO RENEW       The  Term of Contract  shall commence on
the Contract Award Date, include the Contract Transition Period (the time period between the Contract Award Date to the Contract Performance Start Date) and end 36 months after the Contract Performance Start Date. Contract Performance Start Date
will begin on October 1, 2015, and shall continue for a period of three years thereafter, unless terminated, canceled or extended as otherwise provided herein. The total Contract term for this section will be for three years delivering services
to members, plus the Contract Transition Period. The contract cycle is October 1 through September 30 with an annual October 1 renewal. The State refers to the first three Contract periods during the Term of Contract as:  
 First Contract period: Starts on the Contract Award Date, includes the Contract Transition Period, and ends 12 months after Contract
Performance Start Date.    Second Contract period: Starts after the end of the first Contract period and ends 12 months later.  
 Third Contract period: Starts after the end of the second Contract period and ends twelve 12 months later.  
 The terms and conditions of any such contract extension shall remain the same as the original contract, as amended. Any contract extension
shall be through contract amendment, and shall be at the sole option of AHCCCS.    If the Contractor has been awarded a contract in more than
one GSA, each such contract will be considered separately renewable. AHCCCS may renew the Contractor s contract in one GSA, but not in another. In the event AHCCCS determines there are issues of noncompliance by the Contractor in one GSA,
AHCCCS may request an enrollment cap for the Contractor s contracts in all other GSAs. Further, AHCCCS may require the Contractor to renew all currently awarded GSAs, or may terminate the contract if the Contractor does not agree to renew all
currently awarded GSAs.  
      14  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  When the Contracting Officer issues an amendment to extend the contract, the provisions of
such extension will be deemed to have been accepted 30 days after the date of mailing by the Contracting Officer, unless a different time period is specified by AHCCCS, even if the extension amendment has not been signed by the Contractor, unless
within that time the Contractor notifies the Contracting Officer in writing that it refuses to sign the extension amendment. Failure of an existing Contractor to accept an amendment (or renew) may result in immediate suspension/termination of member
assignment. If the Contractor provides such notification, the Contracting Officer will initiate contract termination proceedings.    If the
Contractor chooses not to renew this contract, the Contractor may be liable for certain costs associated with the transition of its members to a different Contractor. The Contractor is required to provide 180 days advance written notice to the
Contracts and Purchasing Administrator of its intent not to renew the contract. If the Contractor provides the Contracts and Purchasing Administrator written notice of its intent not to renew this contract at least 180 days before its expiration,
this liability for transition costs may be waived by the Contracting Officer.    Contract extension periods shall, if authorized by the
State, begin after the  Term of Contract  section of these Contract Terms and Conditions. This Contract is subject to two additional successive periods of up to 24 months per extension period. The State refers to Contract periods four and
five during the Contract Extensions period as:    Fourth Contract period: Starts after the end of the third Contract period and is extended
for a period of time not to exceed 24 months.    Fifth Contract period: Starts after the end of the fourth Contract period and is extended
for a period of time not to exceed 24 months.      
   AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate this contract in whole or in part by
reason of force majeure, due to the failure of the Contractor to comply with any term or condition of the contract, including, but not limited to, circumstances which present risk to member health or safety, and as authorized by the Balanced Budget
Act of 1997 and 42 CFR 438.708. The term force majeure means an occurrence that is beyond the control of AHCCCS and occurs without its fault or negligence. Force majeure includes acts of God and other similar occurrences beyond the control of AHCCCS
which it is unable to prevent by exercising reasonable diligence.    If the Contractor is providing services under more than one contract
with AHCCCS, AHCCCS may deem unsatisfactory performance under one contract to be cause to require the Contractor to provide assurance of performance under any and all other contracts. In such situations, AHCCCS reserves the right to seek remedies
under both actual and anticipatory breaches of contract if adequate assurance of performance is not received. The Contracting Officer shall mail written notice of the termination and the reason(s) for it to the Contractor by certified mail, return
receipt requested. Pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and 42 CFR 438.708, AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor with a pre-termination hearing before termination of the contract.  
 Upon termination, all documents, data, and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be delivered
to immediately AHCCCS on demand.    AHCCCS may, upon termination of this contract, procure on terms and in the manner that it deems
appropriate, materials or services to replace those under this contract. The Contractor shall be liable for any excess costs incurred by AHCCCS in re-procuring the materials or services.  
      15  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

48.  
  TERMINATION - AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS       Funds are not presently available for performance
under this contract beyond the current fiscal year. No legal liability on the part of AHCCCS for any payment may arise under this contract until funds are made available for performance of this contract.  
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by Contractor, if, for any reason, there are not
sufficient appropriated and available monies for the purpose of maintaining this Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Contractor shall have no further obligation to AHCCCS.  

49.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONFLICT OF INTEREST       AHCCCS may cancel this contract without penalty or
further obligation if any person significantly involved in initiating, negotiating, securing, drafting or creating the contract on behalf of AHCCCS is, or becomes at any time while the contract or any extension of the contract is in effect, an
employee of, or a consultant to, any other party to this contract with respect to the subject matter of the contract. The cancellation shall be effective when the Contractor receives written notice of the cancellation unless the notice specifies a
later time.    If the Contractor is a political subdivision of the State, it may also cancel this contract as provided by A.R.S.
 38-511.      

50.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE       AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate the contract in
whole or in part at any time for the convenience of the State without penalty or recourse. The Contracting Officer shall give written notice by certified mail, of the termination at least 90 days before the effective date of the termination. Upon
receipt of written notice, the Contractor shall stop all work, as directed in the notice, notify all subcontractors of the effective date of the termination and minimize all further costs to the State. In the event of termination under this
paragraph, all documents, data and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be delivered to AHCCCS immediately on demand. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive just and equitable compensation for
work in progress, work completed and materials accepted before the effective date of the termination.      

51.  
  TERMINATION UPON MUTUAL AGREEMENT       This Contract may be terminated by mutual written
agreement of the parties effective upon the date specified in the written agreement. If the parties cannot reach agreement regarding an effective date for termination, AHCCCS will determine the effective date.  

52.  
  THIRD PARTY ANTITRUST VIOLATIONS       The Contractor assigns to the State any claim for
overcharges resulting from antitrust violations to the extent that those violations concern materials or services supplied by third parties to the Contractor toward fulfillment of this contract.  
      16  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   Fixed-Price, stated as capitated per member per month, except as
otherwise provided.      

54.  
  WARRANTY OF SERVICES       The Contractor warrants that all services provided under this
contract will conform to the requirements stated herein. AHCCCS  acceptance of services provided by the Contractor shall not relieve the Contractor from its obligations under this warranty. In addition to its other remedies, AHCCCS may, at the
Contractor s expense, require prompt correction of any services failing to meet the Contractor s warranty herein. Services corrected by the Contractor shall be subject to all of the provisions of this contract in the manner and to the same
extent as the services originally furnished.  
      17  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
 
      18  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

21  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

22  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

23  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

24  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA   
 INTRODUCTION      
   The purpose of this contract is to delineate Contractor requirements to
administer behavioral health services for eligible children, adults and their families. In addition, pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2901 et seq., AHCCCS and the Contractor will oversee an integrated physical and behavioral health care delivery system
for eligible adults determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI).    The Contractor shall be responsible for the performance of all
contract requirements. The Contractor may delegate responsibility for services and related activities under this contract, but remains ultimately responsible for compliance with the terms of this contract, 42 CFR 438.230(a).  
 In the event that a provision of Federal or State law, regulation, or policy is repealed or modified during the term of this contract,
effective on the date the repeal or modification by its own terms takes effect:      

1.1.1 
 The provisions of this contract shall be deemed to have been amended to incorporate the repeal or modification; and        

1.1.2 
 The Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the contract as amended, unless AHCCCS and the Contractor otherwise stipulate in writing.    
 Arizona Laws 2015, Chapter 19, Section 9 (SB 1480), enacts that from and after June 30, 2016, the provision of behavioral health
services under the Division of Behavioral Health Services (DBHS) in the Department of Health Services is transferred to and shall be administered by the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS).  
 Integrating the delivery of behavioral and physical health care is a significant step forward in improving the overall health of members
determined to be SMI. Under this Contract, the Contractor is the single entity that is responsible for administrative and clinical integration of health care service delivery for members with SMI, which includes coordinating Medicare and Medicaid
benefits for members with SMI who are dual eligible. From a member perspective, this approach will improve individual health outcomes, enhance care coordination and increase member satisfaction. From a system perspective, it will increase
efficiency, reduce administrative burden and foster transparency and accountability.      

1.1.3 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring the delivery of medically necessary covered services as follows:        

1.1.4 
 Behavioral health services to Medicaid eligible children and adults enrolled in the AHCCCS Acute Care program, CMDP, ALTCS DDD, and members enrolled in the American Indian Health Program electing to receive behavioral
health services from the Contractor; excluding adults enrolled in the Acute Care program who are dual-eligible and have General Mental Health and/or Substance Abuse needs;    

1.1.5 
 Integrated behavioral and physical health services to Medicaid eligible adults with SMI, including Medicare benefits for SMI members who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid (dual eligible members), as a Dual
Eligible Special Needs Plan, as specified by the State excluding members with SMI who are enrolled in ALTCS DDD, CRS, and American Indian members who do not choose to receive services from the Contractor; and    

1.1.6 
 Crisis Services as outlined in the Contract Section on, Crisis Services.    
      25  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

1.1.7 
 To the following populations as identified on the chart below:        

Contractor   
    
    Responsibilities   

GMH/SA   
    
    (18 +Years)   
    
    SMI   
    
    (18+ Years)   
    
    Children (0-17)  
  Years    
 
    Population   
    
    Non Dual  
  Behavioral Health   
    
     Dual- Behavioral   
  Health   
    
    Behavioral  
  Health   
    
    Physical  
  Health   
    
    Behavioral Health    

Acute  
    
  RBHA  
    
  Acute Plan  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA   
 
  ALTCS EPD  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan   
 
  ALTCS DD  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA  
    
  DD (Acute Plan Contractor)  
    
  RBHA   
 
  CRS(2)  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS   
 
  CRS and CMDP(3)  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CMDP  
    
  CRS   
 
  CRS and DD  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  DD (Acute Plan Contractor)  
    
  CRS   
 
  CMDP (0-17)  
    
  N/A  
    
  N/A  
    
  N/A  
    
  N/A  
    
  RBHA   
 
  KidsCare  
    
  RBHA  
    
  Acute Plan  
    
  RBHA  
    
  Acute Plan  
    
  RBHA   
 
  AIHP(1)  
    
  TRBHA  
    
    TRBHA  
  Integrated Acute   
    
  TRBHA  
    
  AIHP Acute Plan Integrated RBHA  
    
  TRBHA   

(1) 
 American Indian Members can always choose to receive services through IHS/638 facilities.   

(2) 
 This represents CRS members not enrolled with DD or CMDP.   

(3) 
 Responsibilities for the CRS members also enrolled in DD and CMDP remain the same with the exception of DD providing LTC services.       

1.1.8 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the provision of Title XIX/XXI services as set forth in this contract and for the provision of those services as set forth in Contract YH17-0003. The Contractor shall ensure
effective coordination of care for delivery of services to eligible members.        

1.2  
  System Values and Guiding Principles       The following values, guiding system principles
and goals are the foundation for the development of this Contract. Contractor shall administer and ensure delivery of services consistent with these values, principles and goals:  

1.2.1 
 Member and family member involvement at all system levels;        

1.2.2 
 Collaboration with the greater community;        

1.2.3 
 Effective innovation promoting evidence-based practices;        

1.2.4 
 Expectation for continuous quality improvement;        

1.2.11 
 The Nine Guiding Principles for Wellness, Resiliency and Recovery-Oriented Adult Behavioral Health Services and Systems in Exhibit-6; and    

1.2.12 
 The Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery as outlined in AMPM Policy 430.        

1.3  
  Integrated Health Care Service Delivery Principles for Persons with Serious Mental Illness     
 Coordinating and integrating primary and behavioral health care is expected to produce improved access to primary care services, increased
prevention, early identification, and intervention to reduce the incidence of serious physical illnesses, including chronic disease. Increasing and promoting the  
      26  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
availability of integrated, holistic care for members with chronic behavioral and physical health conditions will help members achieve better overall health and an improved quality of life. The
principles below describe AHCCCS  vision for integrated care service delivery. However, many of them apply to all populations for all services in all settings. For example, concepts such as recovery, member input, family involvement,
person-centered care, communication and commitment are examples that describe well-established expectations AHCCCS has in all of its behavioral health care service delivery contracts.  
 While these principles have served as the foundation for successful behavioral health service delivery, providing whole-health integrated care
services to individuals with SMI- primarily because of chronic, preventable, physical conditions-is a challenge that calls for a new approach that will improve health care outcomes in a cost-effective manner. To meet this challenge, the Contractor
must be creative and innovative in its oversight and management of the integrated service delivery system. AHCCCS expects the Contractor to embrace the principles below and demonstrate an unwavering commitment to treat each and every member with
dignity and respect as if that member were a relative or loved one seeking care.      

1.3.1 
 The Contractor shall comply with all terms, conditions and requirements in this Contract while embedding the following principles in the design and implementation of an integrated health care service delivery system:

1.3.2 
 Behavioral, physical, and peer support providers must share the same mission to place the member s whole-health needs above all else as the focal point of care.    

1.3.3 
 All aspects of the member experience from engagement, treatment planning, service delivery and customer service must be designed to promote recovery and wellness as communicated by the member.    

1.3.4 
 Member input must be incorporated into developing individualized treatment goals, wellness plans, and services.        

1.3.5 
 Peer and family voice must be embedded at all levels of the system.        

1.3.6 
 Recovery is personal, self-directed, and must be individualized to the member.        

1.3.7 
 Family member involvement, community integration and a safe affordable place to live are integral components of a member s recovery and must be as important as any other single medicine, procedure, therapy or
treatment.        

1.3.8 
 Providers of integrated care must operate as a team that functions as the single-point of whole-health treatment and care for all of a member s health care needs. Co-location or making referrals without
coordinating care through a team approach does not equate to integrated care.        

1.3.9 
 The team must involve the member as an equal partner by using appropriate levels of care management, comprehensive transitional care, care coordination, health promotion and use of technology as well as provide linkages
to community services and supports and individual and family support to help a member achieve his or her whole health goals.        

1.3.10 
 The Contractor s overarching system goals for individual SMI members and the SMI population are to improve whole health outcomes and reduce or eliminate health care disparities between SMI members and the general
population in a cost-effective manner.        

1.3.11 
 System goals shall be achieved using the following strategies:        

1.3.11.1 
 Use of health education and health promotion services;        

1.3.11.2 
 Increased use of primary care prevention strategies;    
      27  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

1.3.11.4 
 Focused, targeted, consultations for behavior health conditions;        

1.3.11.6 
 Enhanced discharge planning and follow-up care between provider visits;        

1.3.11.7 
 Ongoing outcome measurement and treatment plan modification;        

1.3.11.8 
 Care coordination through effective provider communication and management of treatment;        

1.3.11.10 
 Achievement of system goals shall result in the following outcomes;        

1.3.11.11 
 Reduced rates of unnecessary or inappropriate Emergency Room use;        

1.3.11.12 
 Reduced need for repeated hospitalization and re-hospitalization;        

1.3.11.13 
 Reduction or elimination of duplicative health care services and associated costs; and        

1.3.11.14 
 Improved member s experience of care and individual health outcomes.        

2  
  MEDICAID ELIGIBILITY         

2.1  
  Medicaid Eligible Populations       The Contractor shall:  

2.1.1 
 Be responsible for ensuring the delivery of covered services to the following Title XIX/XXI eligible children and adult populations:    

2.1.1.1 
 American Indians, whether they live on or off reservation, may choose to receive services through a RBHA, Tribal Regional Behavioral Health Authority (TRBHA) or at an Indian Health Services (IHS) or Tribally owned or
operated facility;        

2.1.1.2 
 Eligible individuals and families under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act (also referred to as AFDC-related and/or Aid to Families with Dependent Children);    

2.1.1.3 
 Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and SSI Related Groups;        

2.1.1.4 
 SSI Medical Assistance Only (SSI MAO) and Related Groups: Eligible individuals who are aged, blind or disabled and have household income levels at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty level (FPL);    

28  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

2.1.1.6 
 Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Program (BCCTP);        

2.1.1.8 
 Members enrolled with Arizona Department of Economic Security/Division of Developmental Disabilities (ADES/DDD);        

2.1.1.9 
 Foster children enrolled in the Comprehensive Medical and Dental Program;        

2.1.1.10 
 Young Adult Transitional Insurance (YATI) Program: Individuals age 18 through age 25 who were enrolled in the foster care program under jurisdiction of DCS/CMDP in Arizona on their 18 th  birthday;        

2.1.1.11 
 Acute TXIX Waiver Group (also known as Childless Adults); Individuals and couples whose income is at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty Level who are not categorically linked to another Title XIX program; and

2.1.1.12 
 KidsCare (TXXI); Federal and State Children s Health Insurance Program administered by AHCCCS.        

2.1.2 
 Not be responsible for providing services under this Contract to the following Medicaid eligible populations:        

2.1.2.1 
 Members enrolled in the Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) Integrated AHCCCS Health Plan;        

2.1.2.2 
 Arizona Long Term Care System (Elderly and Physically Disabled) ALTCS-EPD eligible members; and        

2.1.2.3 
 Dual eligible adults receiving General Mental Health/Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) services transitioned to Acute Health plans for services.    

2.1.3 
 Not be responsible to provide physical health care services to the following Medicaid eligible SMI members:        

2.1.3.1 
 Members enrolled with Arizona Department of Economic Security/Division of Developmental Disabilities (ADES/DDD);        

2.1.3.2 
 American Indians who elect to receive physical health services from the American Indian Health Program (AHIP) or another AHCCCS health plan; and    

2.2  
  Special Medicaid Eligibility-Members Awaiting Transplants         

2.2.1 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the following:        

2.2.1.1 
 SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract;        

2.2.1.2 
 For whom medical necessity for a transplant has been established; and        
 
      29  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

2.2.2 
 These members may become eligible for and select one of two extended eligibility options as specified in A.R.S.    36-2907.10 and 36-2907.11. The extended eligibility is authorized only for those individuals
who have met all of the following conditions:        

2.2.2.1 
 The individual has been determined Title XIX ineligible due to excess income;        

2.2.2.2 
 The individual has been placed on a donor waiting list before eligibility expired; and        

2.2.2.3 
 The individual has entered into a contractual arrangement with the transplant facility to pay the amount of income that is in excess of the eligibility income standards (referred to as transplant share of cost).

2.2.3 
 The following options are available for extended eligibility:        

2.2.3.1 
 Option 1: Extended eligibility is for one 12 month period immediately following the loss of AHCCCS eligibility. The member is eligible for all AHCCCS covered services as long as they continue to be medically eligible
for a transplant. If determined medically ineligible for a transplant at any time during the period, eligibility will terminate at the end of the calendar month in which the determination is made.    

2.2.3.2 
 Option 2: As long as medical eligibility for a transplant, that is, status on a transplant waiting list, is maintained, at the time that the transplant is scheduled to be performed the transplant candidate will be
re-enrolled with the Contractor to receive all covered transplant services. Option 2-eligible individuals are not eligible for any non-transplant related health care services from AHCCCS.    

2.4  
  Eligibility and Member Verification       The Contractor shall:  

2.4.1 
 Verify the Medicaid eligibility status for persons referred for covered health services.        

2.4.2 
 Coordinate with other involved contractors, for example, AHCCCS Acute Plans or ALTCS, service providers, subcontractors and eligible persons to share specific information regarding Medicaid eligibility.

2.4.3 
 Notify AHCCCS of a Medicaid-eligible member s death, incarceration or relocation out-of-state that may affect a member s eligibility status.    

2.4.4 
 Utilize one or more of the following systems to verify AHCCCS eligibility and service coverage 24 hours a day, seven days a week in conformance with the AHCCCS Policy on Eligibility Screening for AHCCCS Health
Insurance, Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Coverage, and the Limited Income Subsidy Program:        

2.4.4.2 
 AHCCCS  Prepaid Medical Management Information System (PMMIS);    
      30  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

2.4.4.3 
 AHCCCS  contracted Medicaid Eligibility Verification Service (MEVS);        

2.4.4.4 
 AHCCCS  Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system; or        

2.4.5 
 Screen persons requesting covered services for Medicaid and Medicare eligibility in conformance with the AHCCCS Policy on Eligibility Screening for AHCCCS Health Insurance, Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Coverage,
and the Limited Income Subsidy Program. A person who receives behavioral health services pursuant to A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 34 and who has not been determined eligible for Title XVIII (Medicare) and for the Medicare Part D prescription drug
benefit, Title XIX or Title XXI services shall comply with the eligibility determination process annually. A.R.S.   36-3408.        

2.4.6 
 Comply with the requirements in Contract Sections on, Enrollment and Eligibility Data Exchange.        

2.4.7 
 The Contractor is not responsible for determining eligibility.        

2.5  
  Medicaid Eligibility Determination       The Contractor shall:  
 Accept a Medicaid eligibility determination for AHCCCS coverage groups as determined by one of the following agencies:  

2.5.1 
 Social Security Administration (SSA): SSA determines eligibility for the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) cash program. SSI cash recipients are automatically eligible for AHCCCS coverage.    

2.5.2 
 Arizona Department of Economic Security (ADES): ADES determines eligibility for families with children under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, the Adoption Subsidy Program, Title IV-E foster care children,
Young Adult Transitional Insurance Program, the Federal Emergency Services program (FES) and Title XIX Waiver Members.        

2.5.3 
 AHCCCS: AHCCCS determines eligibility for the SSI/Medical Assistance Only groups, including the FES program for this population (aged, disabled, and blind), the Arizona Long Term Care System (ALTCS), the Medicare
Savings program, BCCTP, the Freedom to Work program, the Title XXI KidsCare program and the State-Only Transplant program.        

3  
  ENROLLMENT AND DISENROLLMENT         

3.1  
  Enrollment and Disenrollment of Populations       The Contractor shall:  

3.1.1 
 Defer to AHCCCS, which has exclusive authority to enroll and disenroll Medicaid eligible members in accordance with the rules set forth in A.A.C., R9-22, Article 17 and R9-31, Articles 3 and 17.    

3.1.2 
 Comply with the requirements in the AHCCCS Policy on Enrollment, Disenrollment and Other Data Submission.        

3.1.3 
   American Indian members, title XIX and XXI, on- or off-reservation, eligible to receive services, may choose to
receive services at any time from an American     
      31  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health Service (IHS) Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638 Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) [ARRA Section 5006(d), and SMD letter 10-001].i

3.1.4 
 American Indians determined to be SMI can choose to enroll as follows:        

3.1.4.1 
 In a RBHA to receive both physical health services and behavioral services;        

3.1.4.2 
 In an Acute Care Contractor for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA; or        

3.1.4.3 
 In AIHP for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA.        

3.1.5 
 American Indians enrolled in Medicaid and Medicare and receiving general mental health and substance abuse services, can choose to enroll as follows:    

3.1.5.1 
 In an Acute Care Contractor to receive both physical health services and behavioral services (adults 18 and over only);        

3.1.5.2 
 In an Acute Care Contractor for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA; or        

3.1.5.3 
 In AIHP for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA.        

3.1.6 
 Not end a member s Episode of Care (EOC) because of an adverse change in the member s health status or because of the member s utilization of medical services, diminished capacity, or uncooperative or
disruptive behavior.        

3.1.7 
 Accept AHCCCS  decision to disenroll a Medicaid eligible member from TXIX/XXI services when:        

3.1.7.1 
 The member becomes ineligible for Medicaid;        

3.1.7.2 
 The member moves out of the Contractor s geographical service area; or        

3.1.7.3 
 There is a change in AHCCCS  enrollment policy.        

3.1.8 
 Honor the effective date of enrollment for a new Title XIX member as the day AHCCCS takes the enrollment action.        

3.1.9 
 Be responsible for payment of medically necessary covered services retroactive to the member s beginning date of eligibility, as reflected in PMMIS including services provided during prior period coverage; this can
include services prior to the Contract start date and in subsequent years of the Contract.        

3.1.10 
 Honor the effective date of enrollment for a Title XXI member as the first day of the month following notification to the Contractor. In the event that eligibility is determined on or after the 25 th  day of the month, eligibility will begin on the first day of the second month following the determination.        

3.1.11 
 The Contractor is responsible for notifying AHCCCS of a child s birth to an enrolled member.        

3.1.12 
 Notification must be received no later than one day from the date of birth. AHCCCS is available to receive notification 24 hours a day, seven days a week via the AHCCCS website.    
      32  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.1.13 
 Failure of the Contractor to notify AHCCCS within the one day timeframe may result in sanctions. The Contractor shall ensure that newborns born to a member determined to be SMI and enrolled with the Contractor are not
enrolled with the Contractor for the delivery of health care services.        

3.1.14 
 Babies born to mothers enrolled with the Contractor are auto-assigned to an Acute Care Contractor. Mothers of these newborns are sent a Choice Notice advising them of their right to choose a different Acute Care
Contractor for their child, which allows them 30 days to make a choice.        

3.1.15 
 The Contractor shall not impose enrollment fees, premiums, or similar charges on American Indians served by an American Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health Service (IHS) Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638
Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) (ARRA Section 5006(d), SMD letter 10-001). ii         

3.1.16 
 AHCCCS does not use passive enrollment procedures, 42 CFR 438.6(d)(2). AHCCCS operates as a mandatory managed care program and choice of enrollment or auto-assignment is used pursuant to the terms of the Arizona
Medicaid Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver Special Terms and Conditions. iii         

3.1.17 
 AHCCCS members eligible under this contract will be enrolled as follows:        

3.1.17.1 
 TXIX eligible adults with an SMI determination will be enrolled to receive all medically necessary physical and behavioral health services through a RBHA unless they request and are approved to opt-out for cause from
the RBHA for physical health services.        

3.1.17.2 
 Members eligible for Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor, unless they refuse to participate in the CRS application process, refuse to receive CRS covered services
through the CRS Program, or opt out of the CRS Program. This includes members who are eligible for CRS who are determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI).        

3.1.17.3 
 Members eligible for ALTCS/EPD will be enrolled with a Contractor in their GSA and will be offered choice for Maricopa and Pima counties.    

3.2.1 
 Effective October 1, 2015, individuals with an SMI determination will have the option to opt-out of enrollment with the RBHA for physical health services and be transferred to an AHCCCS Acute Care Contractor to
receive physical health services, under the following conditions only:        

3.2.1.1 
 The member, member s guardian, or member s physician successfully dispute the member s diagnosis as SMI,        

3.2.1.3 
 Physician or provider course of care recommendation, or        

3.2.1.4 
 The member established that due to the enrollment and affiliation with the RBHA as a person with a SMI, and in contrast to persons enrolled with an Acute Care Contractor, there is demonstrable evidence to establish
actual harm or the potential for discriminatory or disparate treatment in:        

3.2.1.4.1 
 The access to, continuity or availability of acute care covered services,    
      33  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.2.2 
 In regards to above language, a member must either demonstrate that the discriminatory or disparate treatment has already occurred, or establish the plausible potential of such treatment. It is insufficient for a member
to establish actual harm or the potential for discriminatory or disparate treatment solely on the basis that they are enrolled in the RBHA.        

3.2.3 
 The Contractor shall take the following actions:        

3.2.3.1 
 Reduce to writing the member s assertions of the actual or perceived disparate treatment of individuals as a result of their enrollment in the integrated plan.    

3.2.3.2 
 Complete an SMI Member Request to Transfer from a RBHA to an AHCCCS Acute Care Contractor Form, or its successor.        

3.2.3.3 
 Confirm and document that the member is enrolled in SMI RBHA program.        

3.2.3.4 
 Provide documentation of efforts to investigate and resolve member s concern.        

3.2.3.5 
 Include any evidence provided by the member of actual or reasonable likelihood of discriminatory or disparate treatment.        

3.2.3.6 
 Recommend approval or denial of request, and forward completed packet to AHCCCS for approval or denial within seven calendar days of request.    
  AHCCCS shall:       

3.2.3.7 
 Review completed request packets received from the Contractor.        

3.2.3.8 
 Approve or deny the request in writing within 10 calendar days of request from the member.        

3.2.4 
 Provide notice that includes the reasons for the denial and appeal/hearing rights to the member for requests which are denied. In the event the member files an appeal:    

3.2.4.1 
 AHCCCS will forward a copy of the appeal to the Contractor.    
      34  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.2.4.2 
 The Contractor will continue efforts to resolve the concerns identified in the appeal and ensure needed coordination activities take place with the relevant parties throughout the appeal process.    

3.2.4.3 
 AHCCCS will notify the Contractor of the date and time of the hearing and other relevant administrative proceedings.        

3.2.4.4 
 The Contractor will provide AHCCCS with a summary, prior to the hearing and within a timeframe requested by AHCCCS, of all efforts taken to resolve the member s concerns.    

3.2.4.5 
 The Contractor will designate a representative to participate in the hearing and provide AHCCCS with information on how to contact the representative during the time of the hearing.    

3.2.4.6 
 AHCCCS will notify the RBHA of the outcome of the appeal.        

3.3  
  Prior Quarter Coverage       The Contractor acknowledges that:  

3.3.1 
 Pursuant to Federal Regulation, 42 CFR 435.915, AHCCCS is required to implement Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility which expands the time period during which AHCCCS pays for covered services for eligible individuals to
include services provided during any of the three months prior to the month the individual applied for AHCCCS, if the individual met AHCCCS eligibility requirements during that month.    

3.3.2 
 AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services received during the prior quarter.        

3.3.3 
 Upon verification or notification of Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility, providers will be required to bill AHCCCS for services provided during a prior quarter eligibility period.    

3.4  
  Prior Period Coverage       The Contractor acknowledges that:  

3.4.1 
 AHCCCS provides Prior Period Coverage for the period of time prior to the Title XIX member s enrollment during which the member is eligible for covered services.    

3.4.2 
 Prior Period Coverage refers to the time frame from the effective date of eligibility (usually the first day of the month of application) until the date the member is enrolled with the Contractor.    

3.4.3 
 The Contractor receives notification from AHCCCS of the member s enrollment.        

3.4.4 
 The Contractor is responsible for payment of all claims for medically necessary covered services provided to members during prior period coverage. This may include services provided prior to the Contract Year and in a
Geographic Service Area where the Contractor was not contracted at the time of service delivery.        

3.4.5 
 AHCCCS Fee-For-Service will be responsible for the payment of claims for prior period coverage for members who are found eligible for AHCCCS initially through hospital presumptive eligibility and later are enrolled with
the Contractor. Therefore, for those members, the Contractor is not responsible for Prior Period Coverage.    
      35  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.5  
  Hospital Presumptive Eligibility       As required under the Affordable Care Act, AHCCCS has
established standards for the State s Hospital Presumptive Eligibility (HPE) program in accordance with federal requirements. Qualified hospitals that elect to participate in the HPE Program will implement a process consistent with AHCCCS
standards which determines applicants presumptively eligible for AHCCCS Medicaid covered services. Persons determined presumptively eligible who have not submitted a full application to AHCCCS will qualify for Medicaid services from the date the
hospital determines the individual to be presumptively eligible through the last day of the month following the month in which the determination of presumptive eligibility was made by the qualified hospital. For persons who apply for presumptive
eligibility and who also submit a full application to AHCCCS, coverage of Medicaid services will begin on the date that the hospital determines the individual to be presumptively eligible and will continue through the date that AHCCCS issues a
determination on that application. All persons determined presumptively eligible for AHCCCS will be enrolled with AHCCCS Fee-For-Service for the duration of the HPE eligibility period. If a member made eligible via HPE is subsequently determined
eligible for AHCCCS via the full application process, Prior Period Coverage for the member will also be covered by AHCCCS Fee-For-Service, and the member will be enrolled with the Contractor only on a prospective basis.  

4  
  SCOPE OF SERVICES         
   The Contractor s ability to ensure the delivery of services requires a
complete and thorough understanding of the intricate, multi-layered service delivery system in order to create a system of care that addresses the member s needs. The type, amount, duration, scope of services and method of service delivery
depends on a wide variety of factors including:      

4.1.2 
 Covered services benefit package,        

The Contractor is required to comply with all terms in this Contract and all
applicable requirements in each document, guide and manual, however, particular attention to requirements for effective service delivery should be paid to the following:      

4.1.6 
 Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or its successor,        

4.1.7 
 ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedures Manual,        

4.1.8 
 AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM), and        

4.1.9 
 AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual (ACOM);        

4.2  
  General Requirements for the System of Care       Regardless of the type, amount, duration,
scope, service delivery method and population served, Contractor s service delivery system shall incorporate the following elements:      

4.2.1 
 Coordinate and provide access to quality health care services informed by evidence-based practice guidelines in a cost effective manner.    
      36  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.2.2 
 Coordinate and provide access to quality health care services that are culturally and linguistically appropriate, maximize personal and family voice and choice, and incorporate a trauma-informed care approach.

4.2.3 
 Coordinate and provide access to preventive and health promotion services, including wellness services.        

4.2.4 
 Coordinate and provide access to comprehensive care coordination and transitional care across settings; follow-up from inpatient to other settings; participation in discharge planning; and facilitating transfer from the
children s system to the adult system of health care.        

4.2.5 
 Coordinate and provide access to chronic disease management support, including self-management support.        

4.2.6 
 Coordinate and provide access to peer and family delivered support services.        

4.2.7 
 Develop service plans that maximize personal and family voice and choice.        

4.2.8 
 Coordinate and integrate clinical and non-clinical health-care related needs and services.        

4.2.9 
 Implement health information technology to link services, facilitate communication among treating professionals, and between the health team and individual and family caregivers.    

4.2.10 
 Deliver services by providers that are appropriately licensed or certified, operating within their scope of practice, and registered as an AHCCCS provider.    

4.2.11 
 Apply the same standard of care for all members, regardless of the member s eligibility category.        

4.2.12 
 Deliver services that are sufficient in amount, duration and scope to reasonably be expected to achieve the purpose for which the services are furnished.    

4.2.13 
 Not arbitrarily deny or reduce the amount, duration, or scope of a required service solely because of diagnosis, type of illness, or condition of the member, 42 CFR 438.210 (a)(3) (iii).    

4.2.14 
 Have the discretion to place appropriate limits on a service on the basis of criteria such as medical necessity or for utilization control, subject to AHCCCS review and approval, provided the services furnished can
reasonably be expected to achieve their purpose, 42 CFR 438.210(a)(3)(i) and (iii)) and 42 CFR 438.210(a) (4).        

4.2.15 
 Notify AHCCCS if, on the basis of moral or religious grounds, it elects to not provide or reimburse for a covered service. The Contractor may propose a solution to allow members  access to the services. AHCCCS does
not intend to offer the services on a Fee-For-Service basis to the Contractor s enrollees. If AHCCCS does not approve the Contractor s proposed solution, AHCCCS will disenroll members who are seeking these services from the Contractor and
assign them to another Contractor, 42 CFR 438.56. That proposal must:        

4.2.15.1 
 Be submitted to AHCCCS in writing prior to entering into a contract with AHCCCS or at least 60 days prior to the intended effective date of the change in the scope of services based on moral or religious grounds;

4.2.15.2 
 Place no financial or administrative burden on AHCCCS;        

4.2.15.3 
 Place no significant burden on members  access to the services;    
      37  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.2.15.5 
 Acknowledge an adjustment to Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements, depending on the nature of the proposed solution.    
 If AHCCCS approves the Contractor s proposed solution for its members to access the services, the Contractor must notify members how to
access these services when directed by AHCCCS. The notification and policy must be consistent with the provisions of, 42 CFR 438.10, must be provided to newly assigned members within 12 days of enrollment, and must be provided to all current members
at least 30 days prior to the effective date of the approved policy, 42 CFR 438.102(a)(2) and (b)(i).      

4.2.16 
 Require subcontracted providers to offer the services described in Contract Section on, Health Education and Health Promotion Services.    

4.2.17 
 Require covered services to be medically necessary and cost effective and to be provided by or coordinated by a primary care provider except for annual well woman exams, behavioral health and children s dental
services, and consistent with the terms of the demonstration, covered services must be provided by or coordinated with a primary care provider.        

4.2.18 
 Provide covered services to members in accordance with all applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including those listed by reference in attachments and this Contract.    

4.2.19 
 Create and submit to AHCCCS according to instructions provided by AHCCCS, a System of Care Plan that contains both Children s and Adult System of Care Sections with the following:    

4.2.19.1 
 Action steps and measurable outcomes that are aligned with the goals and objectives in the statewide AHCCCS Annual System of Care Plan;    

4.2.19.2 
 Identifies and addresses regional needs and incorporates region-wide program specific goals and objectives; and        

4.2.19.3 
 Incorporates changes to the service delivery system based upon recommendations from the annual System of Care planning process that has Contractor, member, family member and other community stakeholder attendance and
input.        

4.2.20 
 Submit to AHCCCS for approval, case manager ratio plans based on national standards that will take into account member acuity, legal, and environmental needs.    

4.2.21 
 Implement Adult Clinical Teams consistent with Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration (SAMHSA) Best Practices.        

4.2.22 
 Ensure that its providers, acting within the lawful scope of their practice, are not prohibited or otherwise restricted from communicating freely with members regarding their health care, medical needs and treatment
options, even if needed services are not covered by the Contractor, 42 CFR 438.102:        

4.2.22.2 
 Information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options;    
      38  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.2.23 
 The risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or non-treatment; and        

4.2.23.1 
 The member s right to participate in decisions regarding his or her behavioral health care, including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions, 42 CFR
438.100(b)(2)(iv).        

4.2.24 
 Deliver covered health services in accordance with the requirements of any other funding source.        

4.3  
  Behavioral Health Covered Services       The Contractor shall ensure the delivery of
medically necessary and clinically appropriate covered behavioral health services to eligible members in conformance with the Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or its successor.  

4.4  
  Behavioral Health Service Delivery Approach       The Contractor shall:  

4.4.1 
 Provide each member with a behavioral health assessment in accordance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Assessment and Service Planning, or its successor.    

4.4.2 
 Develop and revise the member s individual service plan in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Assessment and Service Planning, or its successor.    

4.4.3 
 Make referrals to service providers.        

4.4.4 
 Coordinate care as described in Contract Section on, Care Coordination.        

4.4.5 
 Develop and implement transition, discharge and aftercare plans for each person prior to discontinuation of covered services.        

4.4.6 
 Require subcontractors and providers to actively engage and involve family members in service planning and service delivery.        

4.5  
  Behavioral Health Services for Adult Members       The Contractor shall:  

4.5.1 
 Ensure services are delivered to adults in conformance with Exhibit-6, Nine Guiding Principles for Recovery-Oriented Adult Behavioral Health Services and Systems.    

4.5.2 
 Utilize the American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM) Criteria (Third Edition, 2013) in substance use disorder assessments, service planning, and level of care placement.    

4.5.3 
 Implement Supported Employment.        

4.6  
  Behavioral Health Services for Child Members       The Contractor shall:  

4.6.1 
 Ensure delivery of services to children in conformance with:        

4.6.1.2 
 Support and Rehabilitation Services for Children, Adolescents and Young Adults;    
      39  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.6.1.3 
 Youth Involvement in Arizona Behavioral Health System;        

4.6.1.4 
 The Unique Behavioral Health Service Needs of Children, Youth and Families Involved with Department of Child Safety(DCS) (formerly known as CPS);    

4.6.1.7 
 Family and Youth Involvement in the Children s Behavioral Health System.        

4.6.1.8 
 The Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery as outlined in AMPM Policy 430; and        

4.6.2 
 Comply with established caseload ratios for case managers assigned to serve children identified as having high/complex needs.        

4.6.3 
 Utilize a network of generalist support and rehabilitation providers.        

4.6.4 
 Utilize Home Care Training to the Home Care Client (HCTC) as an alternative to more restrictive levels of care when clinically indicated.    

4.6.5 
 Implement AHCCCS  method for in-depth review of Child and Family Team (CFT) practice.        

4.6.6 
 Utilize acuity measure instruments as directed by AHCCCS.        

4.6.7 
 Implement service delivery models as directed by AHCCCS.        

4.6.8 
 Maintain Designated Email Addresses to Streamline Communication:        

4.6.8.1 
 RBHA must establish a standardized email address as a single point of contact for the Department of Child Safety (DCS) and foster families. Email address must format of Department of Child Safety @ followed by the
RBHA s standard email suffix. RBHA must monitor inbox and respond to inquiries during each business day.        

4.6.9 
 Monitor Extensive Trauma-Informed Assessment:        

4.6.9.1 
 Upon notification by Department of Child Safety that a child has been taken into custody, ensure that each child and family is referred for ongoing behavioral health services for a period of at least six months unless
services are refused by the guardian or the child is no longer in Department of Child Safety custody. Services must be provided to:        

4.6.10 
 A minimum of one monthly documented service is required.        

4.6.11 
 Provide a monthly reconcile Department of Child Safety Removal List with Individuals Receiving a Rapid Response:    
      40  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.6.12 
 CMDP will provide a monthly listing of children placed in Department of Child Safety (DCS) custody and the RBHA shall compare it with their own listing of DCS children receiving a rapid response service. For any listed
children still in Department of Child Safety custody who have not yet been engaged in behavioral health services, RBHA shall ensure that a rapid response service is delivered. By close of business on the 30 th  of each reporting month (beginning in June of 2015), RBHA will deliver a Department of Child Safety Rapid Response Monthly Reconciliation Report that will minimally include:    

4.6.12.1 
 The number of individuals removed by Department of Child Safety;        

4.6.12.2 
 The number of individuals referred by Department of Child Safety for a rapid response service;        

4.6.12.3 
 The number of individuals receiving a rapid response service;        

4.6.12.4 
 The number of individuals placed in Department of Child Safety custody who were not initially referred by Department of Child Safety for a rapid response service, and    

4.6.12.5 
 The number of children receiving a behavioral health service following reconciliation of the monthly list.        

4.6.13 
 The report must also include a specific listing of each individual who was not initially referred for a rapid response along with the current status of connection to behavioral health services.    

4.7  
  Physical Health Care Covered Services       The Contractor, when medically necessary, shall
ensure the delivery of the following physical health care services to SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services:      

4.7.1 
 Ambulatory Surgery includes surgical services for either emergency or scheduled surgeries when provided in an ambulatory or outpatient setting, such as a freestanding surgical center or a hospital-based outpatient
surgical setting.        

4.7.2 
 Anti-hemophilic Agents and Related Services include services for the treatment of hemophilia Von Willebrand s disease, and Gaucher s Disease.    

4.7.3 
 Audiology includes medically necessary audiology services to evaluate hearing loss for all members, on both an inpatient and outpatient basis. Hearing aids are covered only for members, age 18 through 20 receiving Early
and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) services.        

4.7.4 
 Chiropractic Services includes chiropractic services to members age 18 through 20 in order to ameliorate the member s medical condition, subject to limitations specified in 42 CFR 410.21, for Qualified Medicare
Beneficiaries, regardless of age, if prescribed by the member s primary care provider (PCP) and approved by the Contractor.        

4.7.5 
 Dialysis includes medically necessary dialysis, hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, hemoperfusion, supplies, diagnostic testing and medication for all members when provided by Medicare-certified hospitals or
Medicare-certified end stage renal disease (ESRD) providers. Services may be provided on an outpatient basis or on an inpatient basis if the hospital admission is not solely to provide chronic dialysis services.    
      41  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.6 
 Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) The Contractor shall provide comprehensive health care services through primary prevention, early intervention, diagnosis and medically necessary treatment
to correct or ameliorate defects and physical or mental illnesses discovered by the screenings for members under age 21. The Contractor shall ensure that these members receive required health screenings including a comprehensive history,
developmental and behavioral health screenings, comprehensive unclothed physical examination, appropriate vision testing, hearing testing, laboratory tests, dental screenings and immunizations in compliance with the AHCCCS EPSDT periodicity
schedule, and the AHCCCS dental periodicity schedule (Exhibit 430-1 and 430-1A in the AMPM), including appropriate oral health screening intended to identify oral pathology, including tooth decay and/or oral lesions, and the application of fluoride
varnish conducted by a physician, physician s assistant or nurse practitioner. The Contractor shall submit all applicable EPSDT reports as required by the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. EPSDT providers must document immunizations into the
Arizona State Immunization Information System (ASIIS) and enroll every year in the Vaccine for Children (VFC) program.        

4.7.7 
 Early Detection Health Risk Assessment, Screening, Treatment and Primary Prevention includes primary prevention health education and health care services through screening, diagnostic and medically necessary treatment
for members 21 years of age and older. These services include, but are not limited to, screening and treatment for hypertension; elevated cholesterol; colon cancer; sexually transmitted diseases; tuberculosis; HIV/AIDS; breast and cervical cancer;
and prostate cancer. Nutritional assessment and treatment are covered when medically necessary to meet the over and under nutritional needs of members who may have a chronic debilitating disease. Physical examinations, diagnostic work-ups and
medically necessary immunizations are also covered in accordance with A.A.C. R9-22-205.        

4.7.8 
 Well Exams: Well visits, such as, but not limited to, well woman exams, breast exams, and prostate exams are covered for members 21 years of age and older. For members under 21 years of age, AHCCCS continues to cover
medically necessary services under the EPSDT Program.        

4.7.9 
 Emergency Services include emergency services specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual Policy and, at a minimum, as follows:        

4.7.9.1 
 Emergency services facilities adequately staffed by qualified medical professionals to provide pre-hospital, emergency care on a 24 hour a day, seven day a week basis, for an emergency medical condition as defined by
A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 22, Article 1;        

4.7.9.2 
 Emergency medical services are covered without prior authorization;        

4.7.9.3 
 All medical services necessary to rule out an emergency condition;        

42  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.10.1 
 Be financially responsible for all emergency medical services including triage, physician assessment and diagnostic tests, when members present in an emergency room setting;    

4.7.10.2 
 Reimburse ambulance transportation and/or other medically necessary transportation provided to a member. Refer to ACOM Policy 432;        

4.7.10.3 
 Cover the cost of ambulance transportation and/or other medically necessary transportation provided to a member who requires behavioral services after medical stabilization;    

4.7.10.4 
 Cover cost for medically necessary professional psychiatric consultations in either emergency room or inpatient settings; and        

4.7.10.5 
 Cover and pay for emergency services regardless of whether the provider that furnishes the service has a subcontract with the Contractor.    

4.7.11 
 The Contractor may not deny payment for treatment obtained under either of the following circumstances for TXIX/XXI members:        

4.7.11.1 
 A member had an emergency medical condition, including cases in which the absence of medical attention would not have resulted in the outcomes identified in the definition of emergency medical condition under, 42 CFR
438.114; or        

4.7.11.2 
 Contractor s representative, an employee or subcontracting provider, instructs the member to seek emergency medical services.        

4.7.12 
 The Contractor may not limit what constitutes an emergency medical condition as defined in, 42 CFR 438.114, on the basis of lists of diagnoses or symptoms.    

4.7.13 
 The Contractor may not refuse to cover emergency services based on the failure of the emergency room provider, hospital, or fiscal agent to notify the Contractor of the member s screening and treatment within 10
calendar days of presentation for emergency services. Claims submission by the hospital within 10 calendar days of presentation for the emergency services constitutes notice to the Contractor. This notification requirement applies only to the
provision of emergency services.        

4.7.14 
 The Contractor may not require notification of Emergency Department treat and release visits as a condition of payment unless the Contractor has prior approval from AHCCCS.    

4.7.15 
 The Contractor may not hold a member who has an emergency medical condition liable for payment of subsequent screening and treatment needed to diagnose the specific condition or stabilize the patient. The attending
emergency physician, or the provider actually treating the member, is responsible for determining when the member is sufficiently stabilized for transfer or discharge, and such determination is binding on the Contractor responsible for coverage and
payment. The Contractor shall comply with Medicaid Managed Care guidelines regarding the coordination of post-stabilization care.        

4.7.16 
   Family Planning includes family planning services in accordance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual and
consistent with the terms of the demonstration, for all members (male and female) who choose to delay or prevent pregnancy. These include medical, surgical, pharmacological, laboratory
    
      43  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

services, and contraceptive devices. Information and counseling, which allow members to make informed decisions regarding family planning methods, shall also be included. If the Contractor does
not provide family planning services, it must subcontract for these services through another health care delivery system.        

4.7.17 
 Foot and Ankle Services for members age 18 through 20 includes foot and ankle care services for members age 18 through 20 to include bunionectomies, casting for the purpose of constructing or accommodating orthotics,
medically necessary orthopedic shoes that are an integral part of a brace, and medically necessary routine foot care for patients with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a nonprofessional person.    

4.7.18 
 Foot and Ankle Services for member age 21 and older includes foot and ankle care services to include wound care, treatment of pressure ulcers, fracture care, reconstructive surgeries, and limited bunionectomy services.
Medically necessary routine foot care services are only available for members with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a nonprofessional person as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. Services are not covered for members 21
years of age and older, when provided by a podiatrist or podiatric surgeon.        

4.7.19 
 Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) includes Assisted Living facility, alternative residential setting, or home and community based services as defined in A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 22, Article 2 and A.A.C. Title, 9,
Chapter 28, Article 2 that meet the provider standards described in A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 28, Article 5, and subject to the limitations set forth in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. These services are covered in lieu of a nursing facility.

4.7.20 
 Home Health Services includes services provided under the direction of a physician to prevent hospitalization or institutionalization and may include nursing, therapies, supplies and home health aide services provided
on a part-time or intermittent basis. The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) for home health care
services provided by an agency or organization, unless AHCCCS Provider Registration verifies compliance with the surety bond requirements specified in Sections 1861(o)(7) and 1903(i)(18) of the Social Security Act. iv         

4.7.21 
 Hospice includes covered services for members that are certified by a physician as being terminally ill and having six months or less to live. Additional detail on covered hospice services is contained in AHCCCS Medical
Policy Manual.        

4.7.22 
 Hospital inpatient services include semi-private accommodations for routine care, intensive and coronary care, surgical care, obstetrics and newborn nurseries, and behavioral health emergency/crisis services. If the
member s medical condition requires isolation, private inpatient accommodations are covered. Nursing services, dietary services and ancillary services such as laboratory, radiology, pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, blood and blood
derivatives, etc. are also covered. Outpatient hospital services include any of the above services which may be appropriately provided on an outpatient or ambulatory basis such as laboratory, radiology, therapies and ambulatory surgery. Observation
services may be provided on an outpatient basis, if determined reasonable and necessary to decide whether the member should be admitted for inpatient care. Observation services include the use of a bed and periodic monitoring by hospital nursing
staff and other staff to evaluate, stabilize or treat medical conditions of a significant degree of instability and disability. Additional detail on limitations on hospital stays is contained in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    
      44  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.23 
 Immunizations include immunizations for adults age 21 years and older including but not limited to: medically necessary diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis vaccine (DTap), influenza, pneumococcus, rubella, measles and
hepatitis-B and others as medically indicated. Immunizations for members age 18 through twenty 20 include, but are not limited to: diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis vaccine (DTaP), inactivated polio vaccine (IPV), measles, mumps, rubella vaccine (MMR),
H. influenza, type B (HIB), hepatitis B (Hep B), hepatitis A (Hep A), Human Pappiloma virus (HPV) through age 20 for both males and females, pneumococcal conjugate (PCV) and varicella zoster virus (VZV) vaccine. Additional detail on current
immunization requirements is contained in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.        

4.7.24 
 Incontinence Briefs: In general, incontinence briefs (diapers) are not covered for members unless medically necessary to treat a medical condition. However, for AHCCCS members over three years of age and under 21 years
of age incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence pads, are also covered to prevent skin breakdown and to enable participation in social community, therapeutic, and educational activities under limited circumstances. In addition,
effective December 15, 2014 for members in the ALTCS Program who are 21 years of age and older, incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence pads are also covered in order to prevent skin breakdown as outlined in AMPM Policy 310-P.
See A.A.C. R9-22-212 and AMPM Chapters 300 and 400.        

4.7.25 
 Laboratory including laboratory services for diagnostic, screening and monitoring purposes are covered when ordered by the member s PCP, other attending physician or dentist, and provided by a CLIA (Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Act) approved free-standing laboratory or hospital laboratory, clinic, physician office or other health care facility laboratory. Upon written request, the Contractor may obtain laboratory test data on members from a
laboratory or hospital-based laboratory subject to the requirements specified in A.R.S.   36-2903(Q) and (R). The data shall be used exclusively for quality improvement activities and health care outcome studies required and approved by AHCCCS.

4.7.26 
 Maternity includes pre-conception counseling, pregnancy identification, prenatal care, treatment of pregnancy related conditions, labor and delivery services, and postpartum care for members. Services may be provided by
physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, certified nurse midwives, or licensed midwives. Additional details for maternity services are contained in Scope of Work Section on, Maternity Care Provider Standards. The Contractor shall allow
women to receive up to 48 hours of inpatient hospital care after a routine vaginal delivery and up to 96 hours of inpatient care after a cesarean delivery. The attending health care provider, in consultation with the mother, may discharge the mother
prior to the minimum length of stay. The Contractor shall inform all pregnant members of voluntary prenatal HIV testing and the availability of medical counseling if the test is positive. The Contractor shall provide information in the member
handbook and annually in the member newsletter, to encourage pregnant women to be tested and instructions about where to be tested. Semi-annually, the Contractor shall report to ADHS, the number of pregnant women who have been identified as
HIV/AIDS-positive. This report is due no later than 15 days after the end of the second and fourth quarters of the Contract Year. Members who transition to a new Contractor or become enrolled during their third trimester must be allowed to complete
maternity care with their current AHCCCS registered provider, regardless of contractual status, to ensure continuity of care.        

4.7.27 
   Medical Foods includes foods subject to the limitations defined in the AMPM for members diagnosed with a
metabolic condition included under the ADHS     
      45  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Newborn Screen Program and specified in the AMPM. The medical foods, including metabolic formula and modified low protein foods, must be prescribed or ordered under the supervision of a
physician.        

4.7.28 
 Medical Supplies, Durable Medical Equipment (DME), and Prosthetic Devices: includes services prescribed by the member s PCP, attending physician or practitioner, or by a dentist as described in the AHCCCS Medical
Policy Manual. Prosthetic devices must be medically necessary and meet criteria as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. For persons age 21 or older, AHCCCS will not pay for microprocessor controlled lower limbs and microprocessor
controlled joints for lower limbs. Medical equipment may be rented or purchased only if other sources are not available which provide the items at no cost. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase price of the item. Reasonable
repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit and include exclusions as stated in AMPM Chapter 300.    

4.7.29 
 Nursing Facility includes services in nursing facilities, including religious non-medical health care institutions for members who require short-term convalescent care not to exceed 90 days per Contract Year. In lieu of
a nursing facility, the member may be placed in an assisted living facility, an alternative residential setting, or receive home and community based services as defined in the Scope of Work, Section on, Physical Health Care Covered Services.

4.7.30 
 Nursing facility services must be provided in a dually-certified Medicare/Medicaid nursing facility, which includes in the per-diem rate: nursing services; basic patient care equipment and sickroom supplies; dietary
services; administrative physician visits; non-customized DME; necessary maintenance and rehabilitation therapies; over-the-counter medications; social, recreational and spiritual activities; and administrative, operational medical direction
services. Additional detail on Nursing Facility Reimbursement is contained in the Scope of Work.        

4.7.31 
 The Contractor shall notify the Assistant Director of the Division of Member Services, by Email, when a member has been residing in a nursing facility, alternative residential facility or receiving home and community
based services for 45 days. This will allow AHCCCS time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS application and to consider potential Fee-For-Service coverage, if the stay goes beyond the 90 day per contract year maximum. The notice should be sent
via e-mail to  HealthPlan45DayNotice@azahcccs.gov  and must include the following:        

4.7.32 
    Nutrition  includes nutritional assessments conducted as a part of the EPSDT screenings for members age 18
through 20, and to assist members 21 years of age and older whose health status may improve with over and under nutritional     
      46  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

intervention. Assessment of nutritional status on a periodic basis may be provided as determined necessary, and as a part of the health risk assessment and screening services provided by the
member s PCP. Assessments may also be provided by a registered dietitian when ordered by the member s PCP. Nutritional therapy on an enteral, parenteral or oral basis, when determined medically necessary to provide either complete daily
dietary requirements or to supplement a member s daily nutritional and caloric intake is covered according to criteria specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

4.7.33 
 Oral Health includes medically necessary dental services for members, age 18 through 20, including emergency dental services, dental screening and preventive services in accordance with the AHCCCS Dental Periodicity
Schedule, as well as therapeutic dental services, dentures, and pre-transplantation dental services.      The Contractor shall:

4.7.33.1 
 Monitor compliance with the AHCCCS Dental Periodicity Schedule for dental screening services;        

4.7.33.2 
 Ensure that members are notified in writing when dental screenings are due if the member has not been scheduled for a visit. If a dental screening is not received by the member, a second written notice must be sent.
Members age 18 through 20 may request dental services without referral and may choose a dental provider within the Contractor s provider network;        

4.7.33.3 
 For members 21 years of age and older, the Contractor shall cover medical and surgical services furnished by a dentist only to the extent such services may be performed under state law either by a physician or by a
dentist in conformance with A.A.C. R9-22-207. These services would be considered physician services if furnished by a physician; and        

4.7.33.4 
 Refer to the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual for additional detail on oral health dental services that are covered for pre-transplant candidates and for members with cancer of the jaw, neck or head.    

4.7.34 
  Orthotics,  Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS members under the age of 21 as outlined in AMPM Policy 430. Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS members 21 years of age and older if all of the following apply:

4.7.34.1 
 The use of the orthotic is medically necessary as the preferred treatment option and consistent with Medicare guidelines;        

4.7.34.2 
 The orthotic is less expensive than all other treatment options or surgical procedures to treat the same diagnosed condition; and        

4.7.34.3 
 The orthotic is ordered by a physician or primary care practitioner.      Medical equipment may be
rented or purchased only if other sources, which provide the items at no cost, are not available. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase price of the item. Reasonable repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered for
all members to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit. The component will be replaced if at the time authorization is sought documentation is provided to establish that the
component is not operating effectively.  
      47  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.35 
  Physician  includes physician services for medical assessment, treatments and surgical services provided by licensed allopathic or osteopathic physicians.    

4.7.36 
  Post-stabilization Care Services Coverage and Payment  includes services, related to an emergency medical condition, provided after the member s condition is sufficiently stabilized in order to maintain,
improve or resolve the member s condition so that the member could be safely discharged or transferred to another location, 42 CFR 438-114(a). Pursuant to A.A.C. R9-22-210 and 42 CFR 438.114; 42 CFR 422.113(c) and 42 CFR 422.133, the following
conditions apply for coverage and payment of post-stabilization care services, except where otherwise stated in this Contract. Cover and pay for post-stabilization care services without authorization, regardless of whether the provider that delivers
the service has a subcontract with the Contractor, as follows:        

4.7.36.1 
 Post-stabilization care services were pre-approved by the Contractor; or        

4.7.36.2 
 Post-stabilization care services were not pre-approved by the Contractor because the Contractor did not respond to the treating provider s request for pre-approval within one hour after the treating provider s
request or could not be contacted for pre-approval.        

4.7.37 
 In situations when the Contractor representative and the treating physician cannot reach agreement concerning the member s care and a Contractor physician is not available for consultation, the Contractor must give
the treating physician the opportunity to consult with a Contractor physician and the treating physician may continue with care of the patient until a Contractor physician is reached or one of the criteria in, 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3) is met.

4.7.38 
 Pursuant to, 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3), the Contractor s financial responsibility for post-stabilization care services that have not been pre-approved ends when:    

4.7.38.1 
 A Contractor physician with privileges at the treating hospital assumes responsibility for the member s care;        

4.7.38.2 
 A Contractor physician assumes responsibility for the member s care through transfer;        

4.7.38.3 
 A Contractor representative and the treating physician reach an agreement concerning the member s care; or        

4.7.39 
  Pregnancy Termination  includes pregnancy termination coverage if the pregnant member suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life endangering physical condition caused
by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the member in danger of death unless the pregnancy is terminated, or the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest. The attending physician must acknowledge that a
pregnancy termination has been determined medically necessary by submitting the Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination. This certificate must be submitted to the Contractor s Medical Director and meet the requirements specified in
the AMPM. The Certificate must certify that, in the physician s professional judgment, the criteria have been met.        

4.7.40 
    Prescription Medications  includes medications ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other
authorized prescriber and dispensed under the     
      48  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

direction of a licensed pharmacist subject to limitations related to prescription supply amounts, Contractor formularies and prior authorization requirements. An appropriate over-the-counter
medication may be prescribed as defined in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual when it is determined to be a lower-cost alternative to a prescription medication. Additional detail is contained in Scope of Work Section on, Medications. Additional detail
for coverage of Medicare Part D prescription medications is contained in Scope of Work, Section on, Medicare Services and Cost Sharing.        

4.7.41 
 Pharmaceutical Rebates: The Contractor, including the Contractor s Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM), is prohibited from negotiating any rebates with drug manufacturers for preferred or other pharmaceutical products
when AHCCCS has a supplemental rebate contract for the product(s). A listing of products covered under supplemental rebate agreements will be available on the AHCCCS website under the Pharmacy Information section.    

4.7.42 
 If the Contractor or its PBM has an existing rebate agreement with a manufacturer, all outpatient drug claims, including provider-administered drugs for which AHCCCS is obtaining supplemental rebates, must be exempt
from such rebate agreements. For pharmacy related encounter data information see the Contract Section on, Encounter Data Reporting.        

4.7.43 
 Medicare Part D: AHCCCS covers those drugs ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist subject to limitations related to
prescription supply amounts, and the Contractor s prior authorization requirements if they are excluded from Medicare Part D coverage. Medications that are covered by Part D, but are not on a specific Part D Health Plan s formulary are not
considered excluded drugs and will not be covered by AHCCCS. This applies to members who are enrolled in Medicare Part D or are eligible for Medicare Part D. See AMPM Chapter 300, Section 310-V.    

4.7.44 
 Primary Care Provider (PCP) includes those medically necessary covered services provided by a physician, physician assistant or nurse practitioner selected by, or assigned to, the member. The PCP provides primary health
care and serves as a coordinator in referring the member for specialty medical services, 42 CFR 438.208(b). The PCP is responsible for maintaining the member s primary medical record, which contains documentation of all health risk assessments
and health care services of which they are aware whether or not they were provided by the PCP.        

4.7.45 
 Radiology and Medical Imaging includes medically necessary services ordered by the member s PCP, attending physician or dentist for diagnosis, prevention, treatment, or assessment of a medical condition.

4.7.46 
 Rehabilitation Therapy includes occupational, physical and speech therapies prescribed by the member s PCP or attending physician for acute health condition and the member must have the potential for improvement
due to the rehabilitation. Occupational and Speech therapy is covered for all members receiving inpatient hospital or nursing facility services.        

4.7.47 
 Occupational Therapy and Speech therapy services provided on an outpatient basis are only covered for members age 18 through 20. Physical Therapy is covered for all members in both inpatient and outpatient settings.
Outpatient physical therapy under the age of 21 is subject to visit limits per contract year as described in the AMPM.    
      49  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.48 
 Respiratory Therapy includes respiratory therapy services covered in inpatient and outpatient settings when prescribed by the member s PCP or attending physician, and is necessary to restore, maintain or improve
respiratory functioning.        

4.7.49 
 Transplantation of Organs and Tissue, and Related Immunosuppressant Drugs includes services covered subject to the limitations in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual for members diagnosed with specified medical conditions.
Services include: pre-transplant inpatient or outpatient evaluation; donor search; organ/tissue harvesting or procurement; preparation and transplantation services; and convalescent care. In addition, if a member receives a transplant covered by a
source other than AHCCCS, medically necessary non-experimental services are provided, within limitations, after the discharge from the physical health care hospitalization for the transplantation. AHCCCS maintains specialty contracts with
transplantation facility providers for the Contractor s use or the Contractor may select its own transplantation provider.        

4.7.50 
 Transportation includes emergency and non-emergency medically necessary transportation. Emergency transportation, including transportation initiated by an emergency response system such as 911, may be provided by
ground, air or water ambulance to manage a member s emergency medical condition at an emergency scene and to transport the member to the nearest appropriate medical facility. Non-emergency transportation shall be provided for members who are
unable to provide their own transportation for covered services. The Contractor shall ensure that members have coordinated, reliable, medically necessary transportation to ensure members arrive on-time for regularly scheduled appointments and are
picked up upon completion of the entire scheduled treatment.        

4.7.51 
 Triage/Screening and Evaluation includes services provided by physical health care hospitals, IHS facilities, tribally owned and/or operated 638 facility and after-hours settings to determine whether or not an emergency
exists, to assess the severity of the member s medical condition and determine services necessary to alleviate or stabilize the emergent condition. Triage/screening services must be reasonable, cost effective and meet the criteria for severity
of illness and intensity of service.        

4.7.52 
 Vision Services/Ophthalmology/Optometry includes all medically necessary emergency eye care, vision examinations, prescriptive lenses and frames, and treatments for conditions of the eye for all members age 18 to
through 20. For members who are 21 years of age and older, the Contractor shall provide emergency care for eye conditions which meet the definition of an emergency medical condition, cataract removal, and medically necessary vision examinations and
prescriptive lenses and frames, if required following cataract removal and other eye conditions as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. Members shall have full freedom to choose, within the Contractor s network, a practitioner in the
field of eye care, acting within the scope of their practice, to provide the examination, care or treatment for which the member is eligible. A practitioner in the field of eye care is defined to be either an ophthalmologist or an optometrist.

4.8  
  Integrated Health Care Service Delivery for SMI Members       The Contractor shall
incorporate the following elements into its integrated health care service delivery system approach:      

4.8.1 
 A treatment team, which includes a psychiatrist or equivalent behavioral health medical professional and an assigned primary care physician with an identified single point of contact;    
      50  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.8.2 
 Member and family voice and choice;        

4.8.6 
 Effective use of a comprehensive Care Management Program as described in, Contract Sections on, Care Management Program Goals, and Care Management Program General Requirements;    

4.8.7 
 Coordination of care as described in Contract Section on, Care Coordination;        

4.8.8 
 Health education and health promotion services described in the Contract Section on, Health Education and Health Promotion Services;    

4.8.9 
 Improved whole health outcomes of members;        

4.8.10 
 Utilize peer and family delivered support services;        

4.8.11 
 Make referrals to appropriate community and social support services; and        

4.8.12 
 Utilize health information technology to link services.        

4.8.13 
 Maximize the use of existing behavioral and physical health infrastructure including:        

4.8.13.2 
 Primary Care Providers currently serving SMI members,        

4.9  
  Health Education and Health Promotion Services       The Contractor shall provide:  

4.9.1 
 Assistance and education for appropriate use of health care services;        

4.9.2 
 Assistance and education about health risk-reduction and healthy lifestyle choices including tobacco cessation;        

4.9.3 
 Screening for tobacco use with the Ask, Advise, and Refer model and refer to the Arizona Smokers Helpline utilizing the proactive referral process;    

4.9.4 
 Education to SMI members to access Contractor s Nurse call service;        

4.9.5 
 Assistance and education for self-care and management of health conditions, including wellness coaching;        

4.9.6 
 Assistance and education for EPSDT services for members including education and health promotion for dental/oral health services;        

4.9.7 
 Assistance and education about maternity care programs and services for pregnant women including family planning; and        

4.9.8 
 Assistance and education about self-help programs or other community resources that are designed to improve health and wellness.    
      51  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.10  
  American Indian Member Services       The Contractor shall:  

4.10.1 
 Provide access to all applicable covered services to Medicaid eligible American Indians within the assigned Geographic Service Area of Greater Arizona, whether they live on or off the reservation.    

4.10.2 
 Cover costs of emergency services and medically necessary services for eligible American Indian members when members are referred off reservation and/or services are rendered at non-IHS or tribally owned or operated
facilities.        

4.10.3 
 Not be responsible for payment for medically necessary services provided to Medicaid eligible members at IHS or a tribally owned and operated facility; AHCCCS is responsible for these payments.    

4.10.4 
 Provide medically necessary covered services to eligible American Indians through agreements with tribes, IHS facilities, and other providers of services. Contractor may serve eligible American Indians on reservation
with agreement from the tribe.        

4.10.5 
 Develop and maintain a network of providers that can deliver culturally and linguistically appropriate services to American Indian members.    

4.10.6 
 Recognize that in addition to services provided through the Contractor, American Indian members through their enrollment choice can always receive services from an IHS or a 638 tribal facility.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

4.11.1 
 Develop and maintain a medication list in conformance with the AHCCCS Policy 310-V- Prescription Medications/Pharmacy Services and the ADHS/DBHS Medication List, or its successor.    

4.11.2 
 At a minimum, include the following on the medication list:        

4.11.2.1 
 The available medications on the AHCCCS Drug List for SMI members eligible to receive physical health services under this Contract;        

4.11.2.2 
 The available medications on the ADHS/DBHS Medication List, or its successor for members eligible to receive behavioral health services under this Contract; and    

4.11.2.3 
 Medications to treat anxiety, depression and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).        

4.11.3 
 Provide generic and branded reimbursement guarantees, an aggressive Maximum Allowable Cost (MAC) pricing program, generic dispensing rate guarantee, and utilization methodologies to dispense the least costly, clinically
appropriate medication and report the rebates in conformance with requirements in the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    
      52  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.12.1 
 Medications ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist are covered subject to limitations related to prescription supply
amounts, Contractor formularies and prior authorization requirements. An appropriate over-the-counter medication may be prescribed as defined in the AMPM when it is determined to be a lower-cost alternative to a prescription medication.

4.13  
  Medication Management Services         

4.13.1 
 For members determined to have a SMI, the Contractor shall allow PCPs to treat members diagnosed with anxiety, depression and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). For purposes of medication management, it is
not required that the PCP be the member s assigned PCP. PCP s who treat members with these behavioral health conditions may provide medication management services including prescriptions, laboratory and other diagnostic tests necessary for
diagnosis, and treatment. The Contractor shall make available, on the Contractor s formulary, medications for the treatment of these disorders. The Contractor is responsible for these services both in the prospective and prior period coverage
timeframes.        

4.13.2 
  Tool Kits:  Clinical tool kits for the treatment of anxiety, depression, and ADHD are available in the AMPM. These tool kits are a resource only and may not apply to all patients and all clinical situations. The
tool kits are not intended to replace clinical judgment. The Contractor shall ensure that PCPs who have an interest or are actively treating members with these disorders are aware of these resources and/or are utilizing other recognized, clinical
tools/evidence-based guidelines. The Contractor shall develop a monitoring process to ensure that PCPs utilize evidence-based guidelines/recognized clinical tools when prescribing medications to treat depression, anxiety, and ADHD.

4.13.3 
  Step Therapy : The Contractor may implement step therapy for behavioral health medications used for treating anxiety, depression and ADHD disorders. The Contractor shall provide education and training for
providers regarding the concept of step therapy. If the T/RBHA/behavioral health provider provides documentation to the Contractor that step therapy has already been completed for the conditions of anxiety, depression or ADHD, or that step therapy
is medically contraindicated; the Contractor shall continue to provide the medication at the dosage at which the member has been stabilized by the behavioral health provider. In the event the PCP identifies a change in the member s condition,
the PCP may utilize step therapy until the member is stabilized for the condition of anxiety, depression or ADHD. The Contractor shall monitor PCPs to ensure that they prescribe medication at the dosage at which the member has been stabilized.
       
   The Contractor shall:  

4.14.1 
 Use laboratory testing sites that have either a Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) Certificate of Waiver or a Certificate of Registration along with a CLIA identification number.    

4.14.3 
 Cover laboratory services for diagnostic, screening and monitoring purposes when ordered by the member s PCP, other attending physician or dentist, and provided by a CLIA approved free-standing laboratory or
hospital laboratory, clinic, physician office or other health care facility laboratory.    
      53  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.14.4 
 Require all clinical laboratories to provide verification of CLIA Licensure or Certificate of Waiver during the provider registration process. Failure to do so shall result in either a termination of an active provider
ID number or denial of initial registration.        

4.14.5 
 Apply the following requirements to all clinical laboratories:        

4.14.5.1 
 Pass-through billing or other similar activities with the intent to avoid the requirements in the Scope of Work, Laboratory Testing Services, is prohibited;    

4.14.5.2 
 Clinical laboratory providers who do not comply with the requirements in the Scope of Work, Laboratory Testing Services, may not be reimbursed;    

4.14.5.3 
 Laboratories with a Certificate of Waiver are limited to providing only the types of tests permitted under the terms of their waiver;    

4.14.5.4 
 Laboratories with a Certificate of Registration are allowed to perform a full range of laboratory tests;        

4.14.5.5 
 Manage and oversee the administration of laboratory services through subcontracts with qualified services providers to deliver laboratory services;    

4.14.5.6 
 Obtain laboratory test data on Title XIX/XXI eligible members from a laboratory or hospital based laboratory subject to the requirements in A.R.S.   36-2903(Q) (1-6) and (R), upon written request; and

4.14.5.7 
 Use the data in Contract Section on, Laboratory Testing Services, exclusively for quality improvement activities and health care outcome studies required and approved by AHCCCS.    
   
   AHCCCS supports a coordinated system of entry into crisis
services that are community based, recovery-oriented, and member focused. The improvement of collaboration, data collection standards, and communication will enhance quality of care which leads to better health care outcomes while containing cost.
Expanding provider networks that are capable of providing a full array of crisis services that are geared toward the members is expected to maintain health and enhance member quality of life. The use of crisis service data for crisis service
delivery and coordination of care is critical to the effectiveness of the overall crisis delivery system.      

4.16  
  Crisis Services-General Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

4.16.1 
 Stabilize individuals as quickly as possible and assist them in returning to their baseline of functioning;        

4.16.2 
 Assess the individual s needs, identify the supports and services that are necessary to meet those needs, and connect the individual to appropriate services;    
      54  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.16.3 
 Provide solution-focused and recovery-oriented interventions designed to avoid unnecessary hospitalization, incarceration, or placement in a more segregated setting;    

4.16.4 
 Utilize the engagement of peer and family support services in providing crisis services;        

4.16.5 
 Meet or exceed urgent and emergent response requirements in conformance with ACOM Policy 417.        

4.16.6 
 Not require prior authorization for crisis services;        

4.16.7 
 Have the discretion to require subcontracted providers that are not part of Contractor s crisis network to deliver crisis services or be involved in crisis response activities during regular business operating
hours;        

4.16.8 
 Coordinate with all clinics and case management agencies to resolve crisis situations for assigned members;        

4.16.9 
 Develop local county based stabilization services to prevent unnecessary transport outside of the community where the crisis is occurring;    

4.16.10 
 Develop a process where tribal liaisons and appropriate clinical staff coordinate crisis services on tribal lands with the crisis providers;    

4.16.11 
 Participate in a data and information sharing system, connecting crisis providers and member physicians through a health information exchange;    

4.16.12 
 Analyze, track, and trend crisis service utilization data in order to improve crisis services;        

4.16.13 
 In conformance with the Scope of Work, Care Coordination and Collaboration, provide information about crisis services and develop and maintain collaborative relationships with community partners including:

4.16.14 
 Have active involvement with local police, fire departments, and first responders in the development of strategies for crisis service care coordination and strategies to assess and improve crisis response services;

4.16.15 
 Provide annual trainings to support and develop law enforcement agencies understanding of behavioral health emergencies and crises;        

4.16.16 
 Utilize and train tribal police to be able to assist in behavioral health crises responses on tribal land;        

4.16.17 
 Develop a collaborative process to ensure information sharing for timely access to Court Ordered Evaluation (COE) services; and    
      55  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.16.18 
 Submit the deliverables related to Crisis Services reporting in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.16.19 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the full continuum of crisis services, including but not limited to, timely access to crisis services telephone response, mobile crisis teams and stabilization services. Crisis
services shall be community based, recovery-oriented, and member focused and shall work to stabilize individuals as quickly as possible and assist them in returning to their baseline of functioning.    

4.16.20 
 For AHCCCS members who do not receive behavioral health services through the RBHA, but receive behavioral health through their Contractor of enrollment for physical health services, the RBHA Contractor shall notify the
Contractor of enrollment within 24 hours of a member engaging in crisis services so subsequent services can be initiated by the Contractor of enrollment. The Contractor of enrollment is as follows:    

4.16.20.1 
 Acute Care Contractor for a dual-eligible member with General Mental Health/Substance Abuse needs;        

4.16.20.2 
 CRS Contractor for a member enrolled with the CRS Contractor for behavioral health needs; and        

4.16.20.3 
 For AHCCCS members who receive behavioral health services through a RBHA, the Contractor shall develop policies and procedures to ensure timely communication with Crisis Services Vendors, the assigned RBHA (if the
Contractor is not the assigned RBHA), and the Contractor of enrollment for physical health services for members who have engaged crisis services. The Contractor shall ensure timely follow up and care coordination for members after receiving crisis
services, whether the member received services within, or outside the Contractor s GSA at the time services were provided, to ensure stabilization of the member and appropriate delivery of ongoing necessary treatment and services.

4.17  
  Crisis Services-Telephone Response       The Contractor shall:  

4.17.1 
 Establish and maintain a 24 hours per day, seven days per week crisis response system.        

4.17.2 
 Establish and maintain a single toll-free crisis telephone number.        

4.17.3 
 Publicize its single toll-free crisis telephone number throughout Greater Arizona and include it prominently on Contractor s web site, the Member Handbook, member newsletters and as a listing in the resource
directory of local telephone books.        

4.17.4 
 Have a sufficient number of staff to manage the telephone crisis response line.        

4.17.5 
 Answer calls to the crisis response line within three telephone rings, with a call abandonment rate of less than three per cent.        

4.17.6 
 Include triage, referral and dispatch of service providers and patch capabilities to and from 911 and other crisis providers or crisis systems as applicable.    

4.17.7 
 Conduct a follow-up call within 72 hours to make sure the caller has received the necessary services.    
      56  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.17.8 
 Offer interpretation or language translation services to persons who do not speak or understand English and for the deaf and hard of hearing.    

4.17.9 
 Provide Nurse On-Call services 24 hours per day, seven days per week to answer general healthcare questions from SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract and to provide them with general
health information and self-care instructions.        

4.18  
  Crisis Services-Mobile Crisis Teams       The Contractor shall establish and maintain mobile
crisis teams with the following capabilities:      

4.18.1 
 Ability to travel to the place where the individual is experiencing the crisis.        

4.18.2 
 Ability to assess and provide immediate crisis intervention.        

4.18.3 
 Provide mobile teams that have the capacity to serve specialty needs of population served including youth and children, hospital rapid response, and developmentally disabled.    

4.18.4 
 Reasonable efforts to stabilize acute psychiatric or behavioral symptoms, evaluate treatment needs, and develop plans to meet the individual s needs.    

4.18.5 
 When clinically indicated, transport the individual to a more appropriate facility for further care.        

4.18.6 
 Require mobile crisis teams to respond on site within the average of 90 minutes of receipt of the crisis call. Average of 90 minutes is calculated by utilizing the monthly average of all crisis call response times.

4.18.7 
 Develop incentives for those mobile team providers who respond to crisis calls within 45 minutes of the initial call.        

4.19  
  Crisis Services-Crisis Stabilization Settings       The Contractor shall establish and
maintain crisis stabilization settings with the following capabilities:      

4.19.1 
 Offer 24 hour substance use disorder/psychiatric crisis stabilization services including 23 hour crisis stabilization/observation capacity.    

4.19.2 
 Provide short-term crisis stabilization services (up to 72 hours) in an effort to successfully resolve the crisis and returning the individual to the community instead of transitioning to a higher level of care.

4.19.3 
 Provide a crisis assessment and stabilization service in settings consistent with requirements to have an adequate and sufficient provider network that includes any combination of the following:    

4.19.3.3 
 Have the discretion to include home-like settings such as apartments and single family homes where individuals experiencing a psychiatric crisis can stay to receive support and crisis respite services in the community
before returning home.    
      57  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.20  
  Pediatric Immunizations and the Vaccines for Children Program       Through the Vaccines for
Children (VFC) Program, the federal and state governments purchase, and make available to providers at no cost, vaccines for Medicaid eligible members under the age of 19. Any provider, licensed by the state to administer immunizations, may register
with Arizona Department of Health Services (ADHS) as a VFC provider and receive free vaccines.    For SMI members receiving physical health
care services, age 18 only, the Contractor shall:      

4.20.1 
 Not reimburse providers for the administration of the vaccines in excess of the maximum allowable amount set by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS), found in the AHCCCS fee schedule.    

4.20.2 
 Not utilize Medicaid funding to purchase vaccines for SMI members, age 18.        

4.20.3 
 Not utilize AHCCCS funding to purchase vaccines for members under the age of 19. If vaccines are not available through the VFC program, the Contractor shall contact the AHCCCS Division of Health Care Management,
Clinical Quality Management for guidance.        

4.20.4 
 Comply with all VFC requirements and monitor its providers to ensure that, a PCP for an SMI member, age 18 only, is registered with ADHS as a VFC provider.    

4.20.5 
 Develop and implement processes to ensure that vaccinations are available through a VFC enrolled provider or through the county Health Department when a provider chooses not to provide vaccinations. In all instances,
the antigens are to be provided through the VFC program.        

4.20.6 
 Develop and implement processes to pay the administration fee to the VFC provider who administers the vaccine regardless of the provider s contract status with the Contractor.    

4.20.7 
 Educate its provider network about immunization reporting requirements, the ASIIS Immunization registry, the use of the VFC program, and the availability of ASIIS software for providers to assist in meeting reporting
requirements.        

4.20.8 
 Monitor compliance with the following reporting requirements:        

4.20.8.2 
 Report immunizations at least monthly to the ADHS, ASIIS Immunization registry which can be accessed by providers to obtain complete, accurate immunization records.    

4.21  
  Medicaid School Based Claiming Program (MSBC)       Pursuant to an Intergovernmental
Agreement with the Department of Education, and a contract with a Third Party Administrator, AHCCCS reimburses participating school districts for specifically identified Medicaid services when provided to Medicaid eligible children who are included
under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). The Medicaid services must be identified in the member s Individual Education Plan (IEP) as medically necessary for the child to obtain a public school education.  
 Medicaid School Based Claiming (MSBC) services are provided in a school setting or other approved setting specifically to allow children to
receive a public school education. They do not replace medically necessary services provided outside the school setting or other MSBC services approved at an alternative setting. Currently, services include audiology, therapies (occupational,
physical and speech/language); behavioral health evaluation and counseling; nursing and attendant care (health aid services provided in the classroom); and specialized transportation to and from school on days when the child receives an
AHCCCS-covered MSBC service. The Contractor s evaluations and determinations of medical necessity shall be made independent of the fact that the child is receiving MSBC services.  
      58  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  For Medicaid eligible SMI members, ages 18 through 20, receiving physical health care
services, the Contractor shall:      

4.21.1 
 Coordinate with schools and school districts that provide MSBC services to members;        

4.21.3 
 Require persons who coordinate care for members to coordinate with the appropriate school staff working with these members;        

4.21.4 
 Transfer member medical information and progress toward treatment goals between the Contractor and the SMI member s school or school district as appropriate;    

4.21.5 
 Designate a single point of contact to coordinate care and communicate with public school Transition Coordinators; and        

4.21.6 
 Evaluate all requests made for services covered under the MSBC program on the same basis as any request for a covered service.        
   AHCCCS has specified in its  Quality Assessment and
Performance Improvement Strategy  certain populations with special health care needs as defined by the State, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(1). v  Members with special health care needs are those members who
have serious and chronic physical, developmental, or behavioral conditions requiring medically necessary health and related services of a type or amount beyond that required by members generally. A member will be considered as having special health
care needs if the medical condition simultaneously meets the following criteria: vi       

4.22.1 
 Lasts or is expected to last one year or longer, and        

4.22.2 
 Requires ongoing care not generally provided by a primary care provider.      AHCCCS has determined
that the following populations meet this definition: vii       

4.22.3 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) program        

4.22.4 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the contracted Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (RBHAs), and        

4.22.7 
 Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who are elderly and/or have a physical disability, and        

4.22.8 
 Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who have a developmentally disability.      AHCCCS monitors
quality and appropriateness of care/services for routine and special health care needs members through Operational and Financial Reviews of Contractors and the review of required Contractor deliverables set forth in contract, program specific
performance measures, and performance improvement projects. viii   
      59  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The Contractor shall:  

4.22.9 
 Have mechanisms in place to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs as defined by the State, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(1).    

4.22.10 
 Have mechanisms in place to assess each member in order to identify any ongoing special conditions of the member which require a course of treatment or regular care monitoring, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(2).    

4.22.11 
 Utilize appropriate health care professionals in the assessment process.        

4.22.12 
 Share with other entities providing services to that member any results of its identification and assessment of that member s needs to prevent duplication of those activities, 42 CFR 438.208(b)(3).

4.22.13 
 Have procedures in place to allow members to directly access a specialist (for example through a standing referral or an approved number of visits as appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs, 42
CFR 438.208 (c) (4).        

4.23  
  Special Assistance for SMI Members       The Contractor shall:  

4.23.1 
 Require its staff, subcontractors, and service providers to identify all persons in need of special assistance to the AHCCCS Office of Human Rights, and ensure those persons are provided the special assistance they
require, consistent with the requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Special Assistance for Persons Determined to have a Serious Mental Illness, or its successor.    

4.23.2 
 Cooperate with the Human Rights Committee in meeting its obligations in the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Special Assistance for Persons Determined to have a Serious Mental Illness or its successor.    

4.23.3 
 Submit the deliverables related to Special Assistance Services reporting in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.24  
  Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Employment       The Contractor shall:  

4.24.1 
 Develop and manage a continuum of vocational employment and business development services to assist SMI members, including transition age youth to achieve their employment goals.    

4.24.2 
 Provide priority to those providers under contract with ADES/RSA when entering into subcontracts for vocational/employment services.    

4.24.3 
 Make all reasonable efforts to increase the number of providers who are mutually contracted with ADES/RSA.        

4.24.4 
 Evaluate and report annually the fidelity of Supported Employment services utilizing SAMHSA s Supported Employment toolkit.        

4.25  
  Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Peer Support       The Contractor shall:  

4.25.1 
 Require subcontractors and providers to assign at least one Peer Support Specialist/Recovery Support Specialist on each adult recovery team to provide covered services, when appropriate.    

4.25.2 
 Evaluate and report annually the fidelity of peer support programs utilizing SAMHSA s Consumer Operated Services Program toolkit.    
      60  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5  
  CARE COORDINATION AND COLLABORATION         
   Care Coordination encompasses a variety of activities for
coordinating services and providers to assist a member in achieving his or her Recovery goals described in the Individual Recovery Plan. These activities, which can occur both at a clinical and system level, are performed by Treatment Team members
depending on a member s needs, goals, and functional status. Regardless of who performs care coordination, the care coordinator should have expertise in member self-management approaches, member advocacy and be capable of navigating complex
systems and communicating with a wide spectrum of professional and lay persons including family members, physicians, specialists and other health care professionals.  
 The Contractor shall conduct care coordination activities which at a minimum shall include, when appropriate, the following activities:  

5.1.1 
 Ensure that, in the process of coordinating care, each member s privacy is protected in accordance with the privacy requirements including, but not limited to, [45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and E], Arizona
statutes and regulations, and to the extent that they are applicable [42 CFR 438.208 (b)(2) and (b)(4) and 438.224] and the Scope of Work, Medical Records Section.    

5.1.2 
 Engage the member to participate in service planning.        

5.1.3 
 Monitor adherence to treatment goals including medication adherence.        

5.1.4 
 Authorize the initial service package, continuing or additional services and suggest or create service alternatives when appropriate.    

5.1.5 
 Establish a process to ensure coordination of member care needs across the continuum based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs.    

5.1.6 
 Monitor individual health status and service utilization to determine use of evidence-based care and adherence to or variance from the Individual Recovery Plan.    

5.1.7 
 Monitor member services and placements to assess the continued appropriateness, medical necessity and cost effectiveness of the services.    

5.1.8 
 Identify and document the member s primary care and specialty care providers to make sure the information is current and accurate.    

5.1.9 
 Communicate among behavioral and physical health service providers regarding member progress and health status, test results, lab reports, medications and other health care information when necessary to promote optimal
outcomes and reduce risks, duplication of services or errors;        

5.1.10 
 Track the member s eligibility status for covered benefits and assist with eligibility applications or renewals.        

5.1.11 
 Communicate with the member s assigned Care Manager, treatment team or other service providers to ensure management of care and services including addressing and resolving complex, difficult care situations.
   
      61  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.1.12 
 Participate in discharge planning from hospitals, jail or other institutions and follow up with members after discharge.        

5.1.13 
 Ensure applicable services continue after discharge.        

5.1.14 
 Comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors or GSAs, participation in or discharge from CRS or CMDP, to or from an ALTCS and Acute Care Contractor and upon termination or
expiration of a contract.        

5.1.15 
 Recognize that the exiting Contractor shall be responsible for performing all transition activities at no cost.        

5.1.16 
 Track member transitions from one level of care to another, streamline care plans, and mitigate any disruption in care.        

5.1.17 
 Make referrals to providers, services or community resources.        

5.1.18 
 Verify that periodic re-assessment occurs at least annually or more frequently when the member s psychiatric and/or medical status changes.    

5.1.19 
 Communicate with family members and other system stakeholders that have contact with the member including, state agencies, other governmental agencies, tribal nations, schools, courts, law enforcement, and correctional
facilities.        

5.1.20 
 Identify gaps in services and report gaps to Contractor s network development manager.        

5.1.21 
 Verify that members discharged from Arizona State Hospital with diabetes are issued appropriate equipment and supplies they were trained to use while in the facility.    

5.1.22 
 Coordinate medical care for members who are inpatient at the Arizona State Hospital (AzSH) in accordance with ACOM 432 and AMPM Policy 1020.    

5.1.23 
 Coordinate outreach activities to members not engaged, but who would benefit from services.        

5.1.24 
 When a Contractor receives members from another Contractor the Contractor shall:        

5.1.24.1 
 Ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative; and

5.1.24.2 
 When relinquishing members, timely notify the receiving Contractor regarding pertinent information related to any special needs of transitioning members.   

5.1.25 
 A new Contractor who receives members from another Contractor as a result of a contract award shall ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the
member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.       

5.1.26 
 When a PCP has initiated medication management services for a member to treat a behavioral health disorder, and it is subsequently determined by the PCP that the member should be transferred to a RBHA or TRBHA
prescriber for evaluation and/or continued medication management services, the Contractor shall:        

5.1.26.1 
 Require and ensure that the PCP coordinates the transfer of care.    
      62  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.1.26.2 
 Include this provision in all affected subcontracts; and        

5.1.26.3 
 Ensure that PCPs maintain continuity of care for these members.        

5.1.27 
 Establish policies and procedures for the transition of members to the RBHA or TRBHA for ongoing treatment. The policies and procedures must address, at a minimum, the following:    

5.1.27.1 
 Guidelines for when a transition of the member to the RBHA or TRBHA for ongoing treatment is indicated;        

5.1.27.2 
 Protocols for notifying the RBHA or TRBHA of the member s transfer, including reason for transfer, diagnostic information, and medication history;    

5.1.27.3 
 Protocols and guidelines for the transfer or sharing of medical records information and protocols for responding to RBHA or TRBHA requests for additional medical record information;    

5.1.27.4 
 Protocols for transition of prescription services, including but not limited to notification to the RBHA or TRBHA of the member s current medications and timeframes for dispensing and refilling medications during
the transition period. This coordination must ensure at a minimum, that the member does not run out of prescribed medications prior to the first appointment with a RBHA or TRBHA prescriber and that all relevant member medical information including
the reason for transfer is forwarded to the receiving RBHA or TRBHA prescriber prior to the member s first scheduled appointment with the RBHA or TRBHA prescriber; and    

5.1.27.5 
 Contractor monitoring activities to ensure that members are appropriately transitioned to the RBHA or TRBHA for care.        

5.2  
  Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members       Medicaid members who are also enrolled
in Medicare are considered dually eligible or  dual eligible . In an effort to improve care coordination and control costs for dual eligible members with Serious Mental Illness (SMI), the contractor shall offer Medicaid services to
eligible members with SMI as a Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) as required in Exhibit-3. The Contractor shall comply with the Care Coordination requirements in the Scope of Work, Care Coordination, and:  

5.2.1 
 Create a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) and if the member enrolls with the Contractor s D-SNP, be the sole organization that manages the provision of Medicare benefits to SMI dual
eligible members enrolled with the RBHA. The Contractor will contract with CMS to be a Medicare Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) or offer a D-SNP product through one of the equity partners in the organization. The Contractor may not delegate
or subcontract with another entity except as specified below, in Exhibit-3 and the Scope of Work Sections on, Organizational Structure and Management Services Agreements.    
      63  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.2.2 
 Meet all Medicare Advantage requirements to remain in compliance and continue operating as a D-SNP in order to provide Medicare services to eligible individuals in accordance with ACOM Policy 107 for Contractors that
currently have contracts, or will be pursuing contracts, with the CMS to operate as a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP).        

5.2.3 
 May delegate or subcontract the managed care functions with another entity for the provision of Medicare benefits when that entity is also responsible for performing those functions for the Contractor s Medicaid
line of business.        

5.2.4 
 Establish an easily identifiable brand that is recognized by SMI dual eligible members and providers as an integrated service delivery health plan for both Medicare and Medicaid services.    

5.2.5 
 Sign a Medicare Advantage D SNP Health Plan Agreement with AHCCCS to fulfill the requirement per CMS guidelines, that all D-SNPs are required to have an agreement with the State Medicaid Agency to operate as a D-SNP.
This agreement will outline specific D-SNP responsibilities related to care coordination, data sharing, and eligibility verification.        

5.2.6 
 Work with AHCCCS to improve the system for dual eligible which may include, but is not limited to:        

5.2.6.2 
 Department sponsored marketing, outreach, and education, and        

5.2.7 
 Provide choice of providers to Dual eligible members in the network and shall not be restricted to those that accept Medicare.        

5.2.8 
 Use all data, including Medicare A, B, and D data, in developing and implementing care coordination models. See Contract Section on, Medical Management, for care coordination requirements.    

5.2.9 
 The Contractor shall ensure the coordination of care for dual eligible members turning 18 years of age and for newly eligible dual members transitioning to an Acute Care Contractor for their behavioral health services.

5.2.10 
 Dual marketing focuses on enrollment in the Contractor s Medicare Dual Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) or a D-SNP product offered through one of the equity partners in the organization. The State understands that the
Medicare D-SNP is able to enroll any dual eligible member, but to increase alignment, encourages the Contractor to only market to individuals enrolled in its AHCCCS plan. Marketing to dual eligible Contractor enrollees may include print
advertisements, radio advertisements, billboards, bus advertising, and television.        

5.2.11 
 In the case of marketing materials for dual eligible enrollees the process will be as follows:        

5.2.11.1 
 AHCCCS does not review for approval dual marketing materials that have been approved by CMS and/or that do not include reference to AHCCCS benefits and/or service information. However, all dual marketing materials that
have not been approved by CMS and/or include reference to AHCCCS benefits and/or service information require submission to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The Contractor may request an expedited review, but the request must be
clearly marked as expedited and also indicate the reason for the shortened timeframe.    
      64  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.2.11.2 
 While AHCCCS may accept CMS approval of dual marketing materials as sufficient for distribution of materials, AHCCCS retains and reserves the right to review before or after the fact, materials that have received CMS
approval.        

5.2.11.3 
 The Contractor must adhere to the following regarding use of billboards which use the terms  Medicaid  or  AHCCCS :    

5.3  
  Coordination with AHCCCS Contractors and Primary Care Providers       For members not
eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

5.3.2 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that govern confidentiality, implementation and monitoring of coordination between subcontractors, AHCCCS physical health care contractors, behavioral health providers, and
other governmental agencies.        

5.3.3 
 Forward behavioral health records including copies or summaries of relevant information of each Title XIX/XXI member to the member s PCP as needed to support quality medical management and prevent duplication of
services.        

5.3.4.2 
 Critical lab results as defined by the laboratory and prescribed medications, and        

5.3.5 
 Use the AHCCCS required, standardized forms to transmit the information required in Contract Section on, Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members.    

5.3.6 
 Obtain proper consent and authorization in conformance with Contract Section on, Consent and Authorization.        

5.3.7 
 Have consultation services and materials available as follows:        

5.3.7.1 
 The Contractor will ensure consultation services are available to health plan PCPs and have materials available for the Acute Care Contractors and primary care providers describing how to access consultation services
and how to initiate a referral for ongoing behavioral health services.    
      65  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.3.7.2 
 Behavioral health recipients currently being treated by the Contractor for depression, anxiety or attention deficit hyperactivity disorders may be referred to a PCP (which is not required to be the member s
assigned PCP) for ongoing care only after consultation with and acceptance by the member and the PCP.        

5.3.7.3 
 The Contractor must ensure the systematic review of the appropriateness of decisions to refer members to PCPs for ongoing care for depression, anxiety or attention deficit hyperactivity disorders. Upon request, the
Contractor shall ensure that PCPs are informed about the availability of resource information regarding the diagnosis and treatment of behavioral health disorders.    

5.3.8 
 Develop protocols for transition of the member back to the PCP. This coordination must ensure at a minimum, that the member does not run out of prescribed medications prior to the first appointment with the PCP and that
all relevant member medical information including the reason for transfer is forwarded to the PCP prior to the member s first scheduled appointment with the PCP.    

5.3.9 
 Ensure that information and training is available to PCPs regarding behavioral health coordination of care processes.        

5.3.10 
 Meet, at least quarterly, with the AHCCCS Health Plans operating in Greater Arizona and AIHP to address systemic coordination of care issues including at a minimum, sharing information with Health Plans regarding
referral and consultation services and solving identified problems.        

5.3.11 
 Assign staff to facilitate the meetings described in Contract Section on, Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members, who have sufficient program and administrative knowledge and authority to identify and resolve
issues in a timely manner.        

5.3.12 
 Have a Physical Health Plan and Provider Coordinator to address and resolve coordination of care issues at the lowest level.        

5.3.13 
 Forward the following information in writing to AHCCCS, DHCM, if the Contractor is unable to resolve issues with other AHCCCS Health Plans:    

5.4  
  Collaboration with System Stakeholders       The Contractor shall:  

5.4.1 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing collaborative protocols with each of:        

5.4.1.2 
 Arizona Department of Economic Security/Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD);        

66  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.4.2 
 Address in each collaborative protocol, at a minimum, the following:        

5.4.2.1 
 Procedures for each entity to coordinate the delivery of covered services to members served by both entities;        

5.4.2.4 
 Resources each entity commits for the care and support of members mutually served;        

5.4.2.5 
 Procedures to identify and address joint training needs; and        

5.4.2.6 
 Where applicable, procedures to have providers co-located at Department of Child Safety (DCS) offices, juvenile detention centers or other agency locations as directed by AHCCCS.    

5.4.3 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing collaborative protocols with local law enforcement and first responders, which, at a minimum, shall address:    

5.4.3.1 
 Continuity of covered services during a crisis;        

5.4.3.2 
 Information about the use and availability of Contractor s crisis response services;        

5.4.3.4 
 Strengthening relationships between first responders and providers when support or assistance is needed in working with or engaging members; and    

5.4.3.5 
 Procedures to identify and address joint training needs.        

5.4.4 
 Complete all written protocols and agreements within 120 days of Contract Award Date.        

5.4.5 
 Review the written protocols on an annual basis with system partners and update as needed.        

5.4.6 
 Submit written protocols to AHCCCS upon request.        

5.4.7 
 Comply with the requirements of the Arizona Early Intervention Program (AzEIP). The AzEIP is implemented through the coordinated activities of the ADES, ADHS, Arizona State Schools for the Deaf and Blind (ASDB), AHCCCS,
and ADE. The AzEIP Program is governed by the Individuals with Disabilities Act (IDEA), Part C (P.L.105-17). AzEIP, through federal regulation, is stipulated as the payor of last resort to Medicaid, and is prohibited from supplanting another
entitlement program, including Medicaid.        

5.4.8 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) specific to the following correctional entities:        

5.4.8.1 
 Arizona Administrative Office of the Courts for Juvenile and Adult Probation;        

5.4.8.2 
 The Arizona Department of Corrections for Juvenile and Adults; and        
 
      67  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.4.9 
 At a minimum, shall include the following care coordination requirements. The Contractor shall:        

5.4.9.1 
 Partner with the justice system to communicate timely data necessary for coordination of care in conformance with all applicable administrative orders and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
requirements that permit the sharing of written, verbal and electronic information; and        

5.4.9.2 
 Utilize data sharing agreements and administrative orders that permit the sharing of written, verbal and electronic information at the time of admission into the facility and at the time of discharge. At a minimum, data
communicated shall comply with HIPAA requirements and consist of:        

5.4.10 
 Offer customized training that is designed to strengthen staff s ability to effectively work with individuals in the correctional facility.    

5.4.11 
 Share information that assists the clinical team in developing treatment plans that incorporate community release conditions, as appropriate.    

5.4.12 
 Policies and procedures that identify specific time frames to have the team (i.e. Correctional Facility, RBHA, Provider and Jail Coordinator) convene to discuss services and resources needed for the individual to safely
transition into the community upon release for persons with an SMI diagnosis and those persons categorized as GMH and/or Substance Abuse who have the following complicated/high cost medical needs:    

68  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.4.13 
 Utilize strategies to optimize the use of services in connection with Mental Health Courts and Drug Courts.        

5.5  
  Collaboration to Improve Health Care Service Delivery       The Contractor shall:  

5.5.1 
 At least every six months, meet with a broad spectrum of behavioral and physical health providers to gather input; discuss issues; identify challenges and barriers; problem-solve; share information and strategize ways
to improve or strengthen the health care service delivery.        

5.5.2 
 Invite AHCCCS to participate at these meetings.        

5.6  
  Collaboration with Peers and Family Members       The Contractor shall:  

5.6.1 
 At least every six months, meet with a broad spectrum of peers, family members, peer and family run organizations, advocacy organizations or any other persons that have an interest in participating in improving the
system. The purpose of these meetings is to gather input; discuss issues; identify challenges and barriers; problem-solve; share information and strategize ways to improve or strengthen the service delivery system.    

5.6.2 
 Invite AHCCCS to participate at these meetings.        

5.7  
  Collaboration with Tribal Nations       The Contractor shall:  

5.7.1 
 Consult with each Tribal Nation within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona to ensure availability of appropriate and accessible services.    

5.7.2 
 Coordinate eligibility and service delivery between the RBHA, IHS, and tribally owned and operated facilities authorized to provide services pursuant to P.L. 93-638, as amended.    
      69  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.7.3 
 Participate at least annually in meetings or forums with the IHS and tribally owned and operated facilities and providers that serve American Indian members.    

5.7.4 
 Communicate and collaborate with the tribal, county and state service delivery and legal systems and with the Tribal and IHS Providers to coordinate the involuntary commitment process for American Indian members.

5.7.5 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS to reach an agreement with Indian Health Services and Phoenix Indian Medical Center to exchange health information, coordinate care and improve health care outcomes for American Indian members.

5.7.6 
 Develop collaborative relationships with IHS, Tribes, Tribal Organizations, Urban Indian Organizations (I/T/U) serving tribes in the geographical service areas assigned to the RBHA for the purposes of care coordination
which may include member data sharing.        

5.7.7 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS and IHS in order to improve communication through the utilization of health information exchange in order to improve coordination of care and health outcomes for American Indian members.

5.7.8 
 Facilitate coordination of care to include face to face meeting with children in residential facilities located off tribal lands, ensuring the child has communication with the tribal community.    

5.7.9 
 Provide continuing education on a quarterly basis, training for para-professionals and behavioral health professionals working on tribal lands. RBHAs shall offer the courses through face to face or telemedicine and
provide Continuing Education Units (CEUs) for the completion of the courses electronically.        

5.7.10 
 Develop and provide in-service trainings for I/T/U on utilization of services and behavioral health resources available to American Indian Communities located within the Geographic Service Areas in Greater Arizona.

5.7.11 
 Develop agreements with the tribes located within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona to provide, on a monthly basis, provision of mobile behavioral health and physical health services.

5.7.12 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS to implement changes provided from the quarterly Formal Tribal Consultation.        

5.7.13 
 Collaborate with tribes to build technological infrastructure, so that both telemedicine and telepsychiatry can occur on tribal lands which may include partnership with University of Arizona, Northern Arizona
University, Arizona State University or other educational entities with community investment dollars that provide telemedicine.        

5.7.14 
 Hold care coordination meetings on a monthly basis between the RBHA, IHS facilities, and tribally owned and operated facilities and the tribes located within their geographic services area to address issues related to
crisis and other service delivery issues.        

5.8  
  Coordination for Transitioning Members         

5.8.1 
 The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors or GSAs, participation in or discharge from CRS or CMDP, to or from an ALTCS and Acute Care Contractor and upon
termination or expiration of a contract.    
      70  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.8.2 
 The Contractor shall designate a person with appropriate training and experience to act as the Member Transition Coordinator. The individual appointed to this position must be a health care professional or an individual
who possesses the appropriate education and experience and is supported by a health care professional to effectively coordinate and oversee all transition issues, responsibilities, and activities. This staff person shall interact closely with the
transition staff of the receiving Contractor to ensure a safe, timely, and orderly transition. See ACOM Policy 402 for more information regarding the role and responsibilities of the Transition Coordinator.    

5.8.3 
 When a Contractor receives members from another Contractor the Contractor shall:        

5.8.3.1 
 Ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative; and

5.8.3.2 
 When relinquishing members, timely notify the receiving Contractor regarding pertinent information related to any special needs of transitioning members.    

5.8.4 
 A new Contractor who receives members from another Contractor as a result of a contract award shall ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the
member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.       

5.8.5 
 For individuals determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI) who are transitioning from a health plan to a RBHA, there shall be a 14 day transition period in order to ensure effective coordination of care. The
Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors as outlined above.        

5.8.6 
 For individuals outside of Maricopa County (i.e. Greater Arizona) who transition to the Contractor for their physical health from a health plan and who have an established relationship with a PCP refer to Contract
Section on, Primary Care Provider Standards.        

5.8.7 
 When individuals transition to the Contractor for their physical health from a health plan, members in active treatment (including but not limited to chemotherapy, pregnancy, drug regime or a scheduled procedure) with a
non-participating/non-contracted provider shall be allowed to continue receiving treatment from the non-participating/non-contracted provider through the duration of their prescribed treatment.    

5.8.8 
 The Contractor shall ensure the coordination of care for dual eligible members turning 18 years of age and for newly eligible dual members transitioning to an acute Care Contractor for their behavioral health services.

5.8.9 
    Contract Termination : In the event that the contract or any portion thereof is terminated for any reason,
or expires, the Contractor shall assist AHCCCS in the transition of its members to other Contractors. In addition, AHCCCS reserves the right to extend the term of the contract on a month-to-month basis to assist in any transition of members. AHCCCS
may discontinue enrollment of new members with the Contractor three months prior to the contract termination date. The Contractor shall make provisions for continuing all management and administrative services until the transition of all members is
completed and all other requirements of this contract are satisfied. The Contractor shall submit a     
      71  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

detailed plan to AHCCCS for approval regarding the transition of members in the event of contract expiration or termination. The name and title of the Contractor s transition coordinator
shall be included in the transition plan. The Contractor shall be responsible for providing all reports set forth in this contract and necessary for the transition process, and shall be responsible for the following, 42 CFR 438.610(c)(3); 42 CFR
434.6(a)(6):        

5.8.11 
 Paying all outstanding obligations for medical care rendered to members until AHCCCS is satisfied that the Contractor has paid all such obligations. The Contractor shall provide a monthly claims aging report including
IBNR amounts (due the 15 th  day of the month, for the prior month);        

5.8.12 
 Providing Quarterly and Audited Financial Statements up to the date specified by AHCCCS. The financial statement requirement will not be absolved without an official release from AHCCCS;    

5.8.13 
 Continuing encounter reporting until all services rendered prior to contract termination have reached adjudicated status and data validation of the information has been completed, as communicated by a letter of release
from AHCCCS;        

5.8.14 
 Cooperating with reinsurance audit activities on prior contract years until release has been granted by AHCCCS;        

5.8.15 
 Cooperating with AHCCCS to complete and finalize any open reconciliations, until release has been granted by AHCCCS. AHCCCS will work to complete any pending reconciliations as timely as can be completed, allowing for
appropriate lag time for claims run-out and/or changes to be entered into the system;        

5.8.16 
 Submitting quarterly Quality Management and Medical Management reports as required by Scope of Work Sections on, Quality Management Reporting Requirements and, Medical Management Reporting Requirements, as appropriate
to provide AHCCCS with information on services rendered up to the date of contract termination. This will include Quality Of Care (QOC) concern reporting based on the date of service;    

5.8.17 
 Participating in and closing out Performance Measures and Performance Improvement Projects as requested by AHCCCS;        

5.8.18 
 Maintaining a Performance Bond in accordance with Scope of Work Section on, Financial Management, and the Paragraph on, Performance Bond or Bond Substitute. A formal request to release the performance bond, as well as a
balance sheet, must be submitted when appropriate;        

5.8.19 
 Indemnifying AHCCCS for any claim by any third party against the State or AHCCCS arising from the Contractor s performance of this contract and for which the Contractor would otherwise be liable under this
contract;        

5.8.20 
 Returning to AHCCCS, any funds advanced to the Contractor for coverage of members for periods after the date of termination. Funds must be returned to AHCCCS within 30 days of termination of the contract;

5.8.21 
 Providing a monthly accounting of Member Grievances and Claim Disputes and their disposition; and        

5.8.22 
 Preserving and making available all records for a period of five years from the date of final payment under contract. Records covered under HIPAA must be preserved and made available for six years per, 45 CFR
164.530(j)(2).        

5.8.23 
 The above list is not exhaustive and additional information may be requested to ensure that all operational and reporting requirements have been met. Any dispute by the Contractor, with respect to termination or
suspension of this contract by AHCCCS, shall be exclusively governed by the provisions of, Terms and Conditions, Paragraph 19, Disputes.    
      72  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6  
  PROVIDER NETWORK         

6.1  
  Network Development       The Contractor shall develop and maintain a network of providers
that:      

6.1.1 
 Is sufficient in size, scope and types to deliver all medically necessary covered services and satisfy all service delivery requirements in this Contract, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(1).    

6.1.2 
 Delivers culturally and linguistically appropriate services in home and community-based settings for culturally and linguistically diverse populations.    

6.1.3 
 Ensures its membership has access at least equal to community norms. Services shall be as accessible to AHCCCS members in terms of timeliness, amount, duration and scope as those services are available to non-AHCCCS
persons within the same service area, 42 CFR 438.210 (a)(2).        

6.1.4 
 Ensures covered services are provided promptly and are reasonably accessible in terms of location and hours of operation.        

6.1.5 
 Places priority on allowing members, when appropriate, to reside or return to their own home and/or reside in the least restrictive environment.    

6.1.6 
 Is designed, established and maintained by utilizing, at a minimum, the following:        

6.1.6.1 
 Current and anticipated utilization of services;        

6.1.6.2 
 Cultural and linguistic needs of members considering the prevalent languages spoken, including sign language, by population, 42 CFR 432.10(c);    

6.1.6.3 
 The number of providers not accepting new referrals;        

6.1.6.4 
 Geographically convenient flow of patients among network providers to maximize member choice;        

6.1.6.6 
 Member Grievance, SMI grievance and appeal data;        

6.1.6.7 
 Issues, concerns and requests brought forth by state agencies and other system stakeholders that have involvement with persons eligible for services under this Contract;    

73  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.1.11 
 Provides all covered services within a continuum of care including crisis services in conformance with the requirements in the Scope of Work, Crisis Services Sections.    

6.1.12 
 Includes peer and family support specialists.        

6.1.14 
 Includes providers that offer services to both children and adults for members moving from one system of care to another in order to maintain continuity of care without service disruptions or mandatory changes in
service providers for those members who wish to keep the same provider.        

6.1.15 
 Includes a sufficient number of locally established, Arizona-based, independent peer/consumer and family operated/run organizations to provide support services, advocacy and training.    

6.1.16 
 Includes specialty service providers to deliver services to children, adolescents and adults with developmental or cognitive disabilities; sexual offenders; sexual abuse victims; individuals with substance use
disorders; individuals in need of dialectical behavior therapy; transition aged youth ages 18 through 20 and infants and toddlers under the age of five years, 42 CFR 438.214(c).    

6.1.17 
 Provides services to members who typically receive care in border communities.        

6.1.18 
 Implements E-Prescribing within its provider network.        

6.1.19 
 Develops policies and procedures for telemedicine.        

6.1.20 
 Utilizes telemedicine to support an adequate provider network. Telemedicine shall not replace provider choice and/or member preference for physical delivery.    

6.1.21 
 Develops incentive plans to recruit and retain BHP s and BHMP s in the local community.        

6.1.22 
 Does not discriminate regarding participation in the AHCCCS program, reimbursement or indemnification against any provider based solely on the provider s type of licensure or certification, 42 CFR 438.12(a)(1).

6.1.23 
 Does not discriminate against particular providers that service high-need populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment, 42 CFR 438.214(c). This provision, however, does not prohibit the
Contractor from limiting provider participation, provided the needs of members are met. This provision also does not interfere with measures established by the Contractor to control costs consistent with its responsibilities under this Contract, 42
CFR 438.12(b)(1).        

6.1.24 
 Timely notifies providers in writing of the reason for its decision if the Contractor declines to include individual or groups of providers in its network, 42 CFR 438.12(a)(1). The Contractor may not include providers
excluded from participation in federal health care programs, under either Section 1128 or Section 1128A of the Social Security Act, 42 CFR 438.214(d).    
      74  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.1.25 
 Supports workforce development and medical residency and dental student training programs in the state of Arizona through Graduate Medical Education (GME) Residency Training Programs or other opportunities for resident
participation in Contractor medical management and committee activities. In the event of a contract termination between the Contractor and a Graduate Medical Education Residency Training Program or training site, the Contractor may not remove
members from that program in such a manner as to harm the stability of the program. Further, the Contractor must attempt to contract with graduating residents and providers that are opening new practices in, or relocating to, Arizona, especially in
rural or underserved areas.        

6.1.26 
 Develops a mobile crisis team network where 90% of all eligible members residing within the GSA will have geographical access to a contracted mobile crisis team within 60 minutes.    
 Meets all Network Standards set forth in ACOM Policy 436. AHCCCS may impose sanctions for material deficiencies in the Contractor s
provider network.      

6.2  
  Network Development for Integrated Health Care Service Delivery       The Contractor shall
maximize the availability and access to community based primary care and specialty care providers.      

6.2.1 
 The Contractor shall reduce utilization of the following:        

6.2.1.1 
 Non-emergent utilization of emergency room services;        

6.2.1.4 
 Hospital based outpatient surgeries when lower cost surgery centers are available; and        

6.2.1.5 
 Hospitalization for preventable medical conditions.        

6.2.2 
 Has availability of non-emergent after-hours physician services or primary care services.        

6.2.3 
 Subcontracts with homeless clinics in Pima County at the AHCCCS FFS rate for Primary Care services. Subcontracts must stipulate that:    

6.2.3.1 
 Only those SMI members that request a homeless clinic as their PCP receive such assignment; and        

6.2.3.2 
 SMI members assigned to a homeless clinic may be referred to out-of network providers for needed specialty services.        

6.2.3.3 
 Assists homeless clinics with administrative issues such as obtaining prior authorization, and resolving claims issues.        

6.2.3.4 
 Attends meetings as necessary with homeless clinics to resolve administrative issues and perceived barriers to the homeless members receiving care.    

6.2.4 
 Complies with the network requirements in Contract Section on, Primary Care Provider Standards.    
      75  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.2.5 
 Complies with the network requirements in Contract Section on, Maternity Care Provider Standards.        
     
   The Contractor shall:  

6.3.1 
 Monitor providers to demonstrate compliance with all network requirements in this Contract including, at a minimum, the following:        

6.3.1.1 
 Technical assistance and support to consumer-and family-run organizations;        

6.3.1.2 
 Distance traveled; location, time scheduled, and member s response to an offered appointment for services; and        

6.3.2 
 Eliminate barriers that prohibit or restrict advocacy for the following:        

6.3.2.2 
 Any information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options including the risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or non-treatment, 42 CFR 438.102(a)(1)(ii) and (iii); and

6.3.2.3 
 The member s right to participate in health care decisions including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions, 42 CFR 438.102(a)(1)(iv).    

6.3.3 
 Document in the member s medical record all communication related to the subject matter in Contract Section on, Network Management.    

6.3.4 
 Continually assess network sufficiency and capacity using multiple data sources to monitor appointment standards, Member Grievances, SMI grievances and appeals, eligibility utilization of services, penetration rates,
member satisfaction surveys and demographic data requirements.        

6.3.5 
 When feasible, develop non-financial incentive programs to increase participation in its provider network.        

6.4  
  Out of Network Providers       The Contractor shall:  

6.4.1 
 Provide adequate, timely and medically necessary covered services through an out-of-network provider if Contractor s provider network is unable to provide adequate and timely services required under this Contract
and continue to provide services by an out of network provider until a network provider is available, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(4).        
 
      76  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  For SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

6.4.3 
 Reimburse (non-contracted) providers for non-hospital, non-emergent in State services when directed out of network by the Contractor not less than the AHCCCS capped fee-for-service schedule for physical health services.

6.4.4 
 Permit the provider to become an in network provider at the Contractor s in network rates.        

6.4.5 
 Offer the provider a single case agreement if the provider is unwilling to become a network provider but is willing to continue providing physical health care services to the SMI member at the Contractor s in
network rates.        

6.5  
  Material Change to Provider Network         

6.5.1 
 The Contractor is responsible for evaluating all provider network changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and determining whether those changes are material changes to the Contractor s provider
network, 42 CFR 438.207 (c). All material changes to the provider network must be approved in advance by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. A material change to the provider network is defined as one that affects, or can reasonably be
foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance and/or provider network standards as described in this contract including, but not limited to, any change that would cause or is likely to cause more than 5% of members in a
GSA to change the location where services are received or rendered.        

6.5.2 
 The Contractor must submit the request for approval of a material change to the provider network with information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the
Contractor s plans for maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM Policy 439 and as specified in, Exhibit-9, Deliverables. AHCCCS will review and respond to the Contractor within 30
days of the submission. A material change in the Contractor s provider network requires 30 days advance written notice from the Contractor to members and providers. In the event unforeseen circumstances prevent the Contractor from providing 30
days advance written notice to members and providers, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS within one business day of identifying the material change to the provider network for AHCCCS determination of notification requirements.    

6.5.3 
 For emergency situations, AHCCCS will expedite the approval process.        

6.5.4 
 The requirements regarding material changes to the provider network do not apply to the contract negotiation process between the Contractor and a provider.    

6.6  
  Provider Affiliation Transmission       The Contractor shall:  

6.6.1 
 Comply with the requirements to collect and submit information to AHCCCS in conformance with the specifications in the Provider Affiliation Transmission (PAT) User Manual.    

6.6.2 
   Validate its compliance with minimum network requirements against the network information provided in the PAT
through the submission of a completed Minimum     
      77  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Network Requirements Verification Template (see ACOM Policy 436 for Template). The PAT and the Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template must be submitted as specified in Exhibit-9,
Deliverables.        

6.6.3 
 Be subject to corrective action, if required, when the provider affiliation transmission information is untimely, inaccurate or incomplete.    

7  
  PROVIDER REQUIREMENTS         

7.1  
  Provider General Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.1.1 
 Hold a Provider Forum no less than semi-annually. The forum must be chaired by the Contractor s Administrator/CEO or designee. The purpose of the forum is to improve communication between the Contractor and its
providers. The forum shall be open to all providers including dental providers. The Provider Forum shall not be the only venue for the Contractor to communicate and participate in the issues affecting the provider network. Provider Forum meeting
agendas and minutes must be made available to AHCCCS upon request.        

7.1.2 
 Report information discussed during these Forums to Executive Management within the organization.        

7.1.3 
 Conduct meetings with providers to address issues (or to provide general information, technical assistance, etc.) related to Federal and State requirements, changes in policy, reimbursement matters, prior authorization
and other matters as identified or requested by AHCCCS.        

7.2  
  Provider Registration Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.2.1 
 Require subcontracted providers to have a license, registration, certification or accreditation in conformance with the Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or its successor, or other state or federal law and
regulations.        

7.2.2 
 Require through verification and monitoring that subcontracted providers:        

7.2.2.1 
 Register with AHCCCS in conformance with the Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or its successor;        

7.2.2.2 
 Sign the Provider Participation Agreement;        

7.2.2.3 
 Obtain a unique National Provider Identifier (NPI); and        

7.2.2.4 
 For specific requirements on Provider Registration, refer to the AHCCCS website.        

7.3  
  Provider Manual Policy Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.3.1 
 Develop, distribute and maintain a Provider Manual consistent with the requirements in ACOM Policy 416.    
      78  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.3.2 
 Add the Contractor s specific provider operational requirements and information into an electronic version of the Provider Manual.    

7.3.3 
 Add Contractor-specific policies that the Contractor requires in the Provider Manual.        

7.3.4 
 Complete and disseminate Provider Manual changes to all subcontracted providers as outlined in ACOM Policy 416.        

7.3.5 
 Modify practice in accordance with the new or revised Provider Manual policies by the effective date.        

7.3.6 
 Post an electronic version of the Provider Manual policies to the Contractor s web site and make hard copies available upon request.    

7.3.7 
 Maintain the Contractor Provider Manual to be consistent with federal and state laws that govern member rights when delivering services, including the protection and enforcement, at a minimum, of a person s right
to the following:        

7.3.7.2 
 Receive information on available treatment options and alternatives, presented in a manner appropriate to the member s condition and ability to understand, 42 CFR 100(b)(2)(iii);    

7.3.7.4 
 Be free from any form of restraint or seclusion used as a means of coercion, discipline, convenience, or retaliation, 42 CFR 100(b)(2)(v);    

7.3.7.5 
 Request and receive a copy of his or her medical records, and to request that they be amended or corrected, as specified in [45 CFR part 164] and applicable state law, 42 CFR 100(b)(2)(vi); and    

7.3.8 
 Consistent with the above Contract Section on, Provider Manual Policy Requirements, include the following policies:        

7.3.8.1 
 Quality Management, including annual Quality Management Plan, Quality Management Work Plan, Quality Management Evaluation, EPSDT Narrative Plan, EPSDT Work Plan, EPSDT Work Plan Evaluation Dental Narrative Plan, Dental
Work Plan, Dental Work Plan Evaluation, Maternity/Family Planning Services Care Plan, Maternity/Family Planning Services Work Plan and the Maternity/Family Planning Services Work Plan Evaluation.    

7.3.8.2 
 A description of sanctions for noncompliance with provider subcontract requirements;        

7.3.8.3 
 Financial management, audit and reporting, and disclosure;        

7.3.8.4 
 Fraud, waste, and abuse and Corporate Compliance;    
      79  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.3.8.5 
 Medical Management/Utilization Management, including annual Medical Management Plan, Medical Management work plan and evaluation of outcomes    

7.3.8.7 
 Responsibility for clinical oversight and point of contact;        

7.3.8.8 
 Inter-rater reliability to assure the consistent application of coverage criteria;        

7.3.8.9 
 Overview of the Contractor s Provider Service department and function;        

7.3.8.10 
 Emergency room utilization guidelines, including appropriate and inappropriate use of the emergency room;        

7.3.8.11 
 Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) services in conformance with the scope of work Section on, Physical Health Care Covered Services, including a description of dental services coverage and
limitations and the other EPSDT requirements in the scope of work;        

7.3.8.12 
 Maternity services in conformance with Physical Health Care Covered Services, scope of work Section on, Maternity and the Section on, Maternity Care Provider Standards;    

7.3.8.13 
 Family Planning services in conformance with scope of work Sections, Maternity Care Provider Standards and, Family Planning;        

7.3.8.15 
 Physical and behavioral health coordination of care;        

7.3.8.16 
 Referrals to specialists and other providers that include, criteria, processes, responsible parties and meets the minimum requirements for the forwarding of member medical information;    

7.3.8.19 
 Appointment standards; and wait times for transportation for medical and behavioral health services.        

7.3.9 
 SMI Member Transition policies on:       

7.3.9.1 
 Members with significant medical conditions such as, a high-risk pregnancy or pregnancy within the last trimester, the need for organ or tissue transplantation, chronic illness resulting in hospitalization or nursing
facility placement, etc.;        

7.3.9.2 
 Members who are receiving ongoing services such as dialysis, home health, chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy, or who are hospitalized at the time of transition;    
      80  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.3.9.3 
 Members who frequently contact AHCCCS, State and local officials, the Governor s Office and/or the media;        

7.3.9.4 
 Members who have received prior authorization for services such as scheduled surgeries, post-surgical follow-up visits, out-of-area specialty services, or nursing home admission;    

7.3.9.5 
 Continuing prescriptions, Durable Medical Equipment (DME) and medically necessary transportation ordered for the transitioning member by the relinquishing Contractor;    

7.3.9.6 
 Medical records of the transitioning member (the cost, if any, of reproducing and forwarding medical records shall be the responsibility of the relinquishing AHCCCS Contractor); and    

7.4  
  Provider Manual Policy Network Requirements       The Contractor shall, consistent with the
Scope of Work Provider Manual Policy Requirements Section, include the following Provider Network Policies and Procedures, 42 CFR 438.214:      

7.4.2 
 Communication with providers regarding contractual and program changes and requirements;        

7.4.3 
 Monitoring and maintaining providers  compliance with AHCCCS policies and rules, including grievance system requirements and ensuring member care is not compromised during the grievance/appeal process;

7.4.4 
 Evaluating the network for delivery of quality of covered services;        

7.4.5 
 Providing or arranging for medically necessary covered services should the network become temporarily insufficient;        

7.4.6 
 Monitoring the adequacy, accessibility and availability of the Provider Network to meet the needs of the members, including the provision of culturally and linguistically competent care to members with limited
proficiency in English;        

7.4.7 
 Monitoring network capacity to have sufficient qualified providers to serve all members and meet their specialized needs;        

7.4.8 
 Processing expedited and temporary credentials;        

7.4.9 
 Recruiting, selecting, credentialing, re-credentialing and contracting with providers in a manner that incorporates quality management, quality of care concerns, utilization, office audits and provider profiling;

7.4.10 
 Ensure a process is in place to monitor provider credentialing issues during non-re-credentialing years;        

7.4.11 
 Providing training for its providers and maintaining records of such training;        

7.4.12 
 Tracking and trending provider inquiries/complaints/requests for information and taking systemic action as necessary and appropriate;    

7.4.13 
 Ensuring that provider calls are acknowledged within three business days of receipt, are resolved and the result communicated to the provider within 30 business days of receipt (includes referrals from AHCCCS);
   
      81  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.4.14 
 Service accessibility, including monitoring appointment standards, appointment waiting times and service provision standards;        

7.4.15 
 Guidelines to establish reasonable geographic access to service for members;        

7.4.16 
 Collecting information on the cultural and linguistic needs of communities and that the Provider Network adequately addresses identified cultural and linguistic needs; and    

7.4.17 
 Provider capacity by provider type needed to deliver covered services.        

7.5  
  Specialty Service Providers       The Contractor shall:  

7.5.1 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS, which may at any time negotiate or contract on behalf of the Contractor and AHCCCS for specialized hospital and medical services such as transplant services, anti-hemophilic agents and
pharmaceutical related services. Existing Contractor resources will be considered in the development and execution of specialty contracts.        

7.5.2 
 Modify its service delivery network to accommodate the provisions of specialty contracts when required by AHCCCS. AHCCCS may waive this requirement in particular situations if such action is determined to be in the best
interest of the state.        

7.5.3 
 Not include in Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements development or risk sharing arrangement of any reimbursement exceeding that payable under the relevant AHCCCS specialty contract.    

7.5.4 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS during the term of specialty contracts if AHCCCS acts as an intermediary between the Contractor and specialty Contractors to enhance the cost effectiveness of service delivery and medical
management.        

7.5.5 
 Be responsible for adjudication of claims related to payments provided under specialty contracts. AHCCCS may provide technical assistance prior to the implementation of any specialty contracts.    

7.5.6 
 Be given at least 60 days advance written notice prior to the implementation of any specialty contract.        

7.6  
  Primary Care Provider Standards       For SMI members eligible to receive physical health
care services, the Contractor shall:      

7.6.1 
 Have a sufficient number of PCPs in its Provider Network to meet the requirements of this Contract.        

7.6.2 
 Have Arizona licensed PCPs as allopathic or osteopathic physicians in its Provider Network that generally specialize in family practice, internal medicine, obstetrics, gynecology, or pediatrics; certified nurse
practitioners or certified nurse midwives; or physician s assistants, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(2).        

7.6.3 
 When determining assignments to a PCP:        

82  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.6.3.3 
 Adjust the size of a PCP s panel, as needed, for the PCP to meet AHCCCS  appointment and clinical performance standards; and    

7.6.3.4 
 Be informed by AHCCCS when a PCP has a panel of more than 1,800 AHCCCS members to assist in the assessment of the size of its panel.    

7.6.4 
 Monitor PCP assignments so that each member is assigned to an individual PCP and that the Contractor s data regarding PCP assignments is current.    

7.6.5 
 Assign members diagnosed with AIDS or as HIV positive to PCPs that comply with criteria and standards set forth in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

7.6.6 
 Educate and train providers serving EPSDT members to utilize AHCCCS-approved EPSDT Tracking Forms.        

7.6.7 
 Offer members freedom of choice within its network in selecting a PCP consistent with, 42 CFR 438.6(m) and 438.52(d) and this contract. Any American Indian who is enrolled with the Contractor and who is eligible to
receive services from a participating I/T/U provider may elect that I/T/U as his or her primary care provider, if that I/T/U participates in the network as a primary care provider and has capacity to provide the services per ARRA
Section 5006(d) and SMD letter 10-001). ix         

7.6.8 
 Members will have a choice of at least two primary care providers, and may request change of primary care provider at least at the times described in, 42 CFR 438.56(c). In addition, the Contractor shall offer contracts
to primary and specialist physicians who have established relationships with beneficiaries including specialists who may also serve as PCPs to encourage continuity of provider.    

7.6.9 
 Ensure individuals who transition to the Contractor for their physical health from a health plan and who have an established relationship with a PCP that does not participate in the Contractor s provider network,
the Contractor will provide, at a minimum, a 12-month transition period in which the individual may continue to seek care from their established PCP while the individual, the Contractor and/or case manager finds an alternative PCP within the
Contractor s provider network.        

7.6.10 
 Not restrict PCP choice unless the member has shown an inability to form a relationship with a PCP, as evidenced by frequent changes, or when there is a medically necessary reason.    

7.6.11 
 Inform the member in writing of his or her enrollment and PCP assignment within 12 business days of the Contractor s receipt of notification by AHCCCS. See ACOM Policy 404 for member information requirements.

7.6.12 
 Include with the notification required in Contract Section on, Primary Care Provider Standards;        

7.6.12.3 
 Information required in the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Member Information Policy.        

7.6.13 
 Inform the member in writing of any PCP change.        

7.6.14 
 Allow members to make the initial PCP selection and any subsequent PCP changes verbally or in writing.    
      83  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.6.15.1 
 Supervision, coordination and provision of care to each assigned member; except for dental services provided to EPSDT members without a PCP referral;    

7.6.15.2 
 Initiation of referrals for medically necessary specialty care;        

7.6.15.3 
 Maintaining continuity of care for each assigned member;        

7.6.15.4 
 Maintaining the member s medical record, including documentation of all services provided to the member by the PCP, as well as any specialty or referral services;    

7.6.15.6 
 Providing clinical information regarding member s health and medications to the treating provider, including behavioral health providers, within 10 business days of a request from the provider;    

7.6.15.7 
 In lieu of developing a medical record when behavioral health information is received on a member not yet seen by the PCP, a separate file may be established to hold behavioral health information. The behavioral health
information must be added to the member medical record when the member becomes an established patient; and        

7.6.16 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to monitor PCP activities.        

7.6.17 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to notify and provide documentation to PCPs for specialty and referral services available to members by specialty physicians, and other health care professionals.

7.7  
  Maternity Care Provider Standards       For SMI members receiving physical health care
services under this Contract who are pregnant, the Contractor shall:      

7.7.1 
 Designate a maternity care provider for each pregnant member for the duration of her pregnancy and postpartum care to deliver maternity services in conformance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

7.7.2 
 Include the following maternity care providers in its provider network:        

7.7.2.1 
 Arizona licensed allopathic and/or osteopathic physicians that are Obstetricians or general practice/family practice providers to provide maternity care services;    

84  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.7.3 
 Offer pregnant members a choice or be assigned, a PCP that provides obstetrical care consistent with the freedom of choice requirements for selecting health care professionals so as not to compromise the member s
continuity of care.        

7.7.4 
 Allow members anticipated to have a low-risk delivery, the option to elect to receive labor and delivery services in their home from their maternity provider if this setting is included in the allowable settings for the
Contractor, and the Contractor has providers in its network that offer home labor and delivery services.        

7.7.5 
 Allow members anticipated to have a low-risk prenatal course and delivery the option to elect to receive prenatal care, labor and delivery and postpartum care by certified nurse midwives or licensed midwives.

7.7.6 
 For members receiving maternity services from a certified nurse midwife or a licensed midwife, assign a PCP to provide other health care and medical services. A certified nurse midwife may provide those primary care
services that he or she is willing to provide and that the member elects to receive from the certified nurse midwife. Members receiving care from a certified nurse midwife may also elect to receive some or all her primary care from the assigned PCP.
Licensed midwives may not provide any additional medical services as primary care that is not within their scope of practice.        

7.7.7 
 Require all physicians and certified nurse midwives who perform deliveries to have OB hospital privileges or a documented hospital coverage agreement for those practitioners performing deliveries in alternate settings.
Licensed midwives perform deliveries only in the member s home. Physicians, certified nurse practitioners and certified nurse midwives within the scope of their practice, may provide labor and delivery services in the member s home.

7.7.8 
 A normal newborn may be granted an extended stay in the hospital of birth when the mother s continued stay in the hospital is beyond the 48 or 96 hour stay. However, for payment purposes, inpatient limits will
apply to the extent consistent with EPSDT.        

7.7.9 
 Submit Maternity Care Deliverables in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

7.8  
  Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics         

7.8.1 
 The Contractor is encouraged to use Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics (FQHCs/RHCs) and FQHC Look-Alikes in Arizona to provide covered services. FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes are paid unique,
cost-based Prospective Payment System (PPS) rates for non-pharmacy ambulatory Medicaid-covered services. The PPS rate is an all-inclusive per visit rate. x     
 The Contractor shall:      

7.8.2 
 Ensure compliance with the requirement of 42 USC 1396 b (m)(2)(A)(ix) which requires that the Contractor s payments, in aggregate, will not be less than the level and amount of payment which the Contractor would
make for the services if the services were furnished by a provider which is not a FQHC or RHC. xi         

7.8.3 
 For dates of service on and after April 1, 2015, the Contractor shall pay the unique PPS rates, or negotiate sub-capitated agreements comparable to the unique PPS rates, to FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for
PPS-eligible visits.    
      85  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.8.4 
 Be aware that AHCCCS reserves the right to require the Contractor to pay FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes unique, cost based Prospective Payment System (PPS) rates for the majority, but not all, of non-pharmacy Medicaid
covered services or negotiate sub-capitated agreements comparable to the unique PPS rates for PPS eligible services.        

7.8.5 
 For services not eligible for PPS reimbursement, AHCCCS reserves the right to require the Contractor to negotiate rates of payment with FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for non-pharmacy services that are comparable to
the rates paid to providers that provide similar services.        

7.8.6 
 Be aware that AHCCCS reserves the right to review a Contractor s rates with an FQHC/RHC and FQHC Look-Alikes for reasonableness and to require adjustments when rates are found to be substantially less than those
being paid to other, non-FQHC/RHC/ FQHC Look-Alikes providers for comparable services, or not equal to or substantially less than the PPS rates.        

7.8.7 
 For FQHC and FQHC Look-Alike pharmacies, all drugs identified in the 340B Drug Pricing Program are required to be billed at the lesser of: 1) the actual acquisition cost of the drug or 2) the 340B ceiling price. These
drugs shall be reimbursed at the lesser of the two amounts above plus a dispensing fee. See AHCCCS rule A.A.C. R9-22-710 (C) for further details.        

7.8.8 
 Submit member information, if required, for Title XIX and Title XXI members for each FQHC/RHC/FQHC Look-Alikes as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables and the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.
AHCCCS may perform periodic audits of the member information submitted.        

7.8.9 
 The Contractor should refer to the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors for further guidance. The FQHCs//RHCs/FQHC Look-Alikes registered with AHCCCS are listed on the AHCCCS website.    

8  
  MEDICAL MANAGEMENT         

8.1  
  General Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

8.1.1 
 Establish a Medical and Utilization Management (MM/UM) unit within its organizational structure that is separate and distinct from any other units or departments such as Quality Management.    

8.1.2 
 Implement, monitor, evaluate and comply with applicable requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual, or its successor, the Contractor Provider Manual, ADHS/DBHS Bureau of Quality and Integration (BQ I)
Specifications Manual, or its successor, and AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, Chapter 1000.        

8.1.3 
 Develop an annual Medical Management (MM) Plan, evaluation, and work plan that includes:        

8.1.3.1 
 Short-and long-term strategies for improving care coordination using the physical and behavioral health care data available for members with behavioral health needs;    

8.1.3.2 
 Criteria to stratify data to identify high need/high cost members within six months of contract implementation;    
      86  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.1.3.3 
 Strategies on how the Contractor will collaborate with AHCCCS Health Plans and AIHP in their assigned GSA with at-least semi-monthly meeting to identify and jointly manage shared members that would benefit from
intervention and care coordination to improve health outcomes. Contractor shall report every six months to AHCCCS regarding criteria to identify members, count of members and outcomes;    

8.1.3.4 
 Proposed interventions to improve health care outcomes, such as developing care management strategies to work with acute care providers to coordinate care;    

8.1.3.5 
 A minimum of one measurable short and long term goal, such as performance indicators, designed to determine the impact of applied interventions such as reduced emergency room visits (all cause, inpatient admissions (all
cause), and readmission rates (all cause);        

8.1.3.6 
 An outcome measurement plan to track the progress of the strategies. The plan outlining the strategies for improving care coordination and the outcome measurement must be reported in the annual Medical
Management/Utilization Management (MM/UM) Plan and Evaluation submitted as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables; and        

8.1.3.7 
 A summary of the prior authorization requirement changes and the rationale for those changes must be included in the annual MM/UM Plan and Evaluation submission.    

8.1.4 
 Monitor subcontractors  medical management activities for compliance with federal regulations, AHCCCS requirements, and adherence to Contractor s Medical Management (MM) Plan, evaluation and work plan.

8.1.5 
 Review all prior authorization requirements for services, items or medications annually. The review will be reported through the MM Committee and will include the rationale for changes made to prior authorization
requirements.        

8.1.6 
 Establish a MM/UM Committee, Pharmacy and Therapeutics (P T) subcommittee and other subcommittees under the MM/UM Committee.        

8.1.7 
 Require the MM/UM Committee and P T subcommittee to meet at least quarterly and be chaired by the Chief Medical Officer.        

8.1.8 
 Report Medical Management data and management activities through the MM/UM Committee to analyze the data, make recommendations for action, monitor the effectiveness of actions and report these findings to the Committee.

8.1.9 
 Provide subcontractors and providers with technical assistance regarding medical management as needed and consider corrective action and sanctions, for subcontractors who consistently fail to meet medical management
objectives, including, at a minimum, compliance with medical management requirements and the submission of complete, timely and accurate utilization or medical management reports and data.    

8.1.10 
 Coordinate and implement any necessary clinical interventions or service plan revisions in the event a particular member is identified as an outlier.    

8.1.11 
 Utilize an Arizona licensed dentist to review complex cases involving dental services or when reviewing or denying dental services.    
      87  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.1.12 
 Have the discretion to utilize a person with expertise in dental claims management for matters related to dental services not covered in Contract Section on, Medical Management, General Requirements.    

8.1.13 
 Must proactively provide care coordination for members who have both behavioral health and physical health needs. The Contractor must meet regularly with the Acute Care, DES/DDD and CMDP Contractors to improve and
address coordination of care issues. Meetings shall occur at least every other month or more frequently if needed to develop process, implement interventions, and discuss outcomes. Care coordination meetings and staffings shall occur at least
monthly or more often as necessary to affect change.        

8.1.14 
 The Contractor must identify and track members who utilize Emergency Department (ED) services inappropriately four or more times within a six month period. Interventions must be implemented to educate the member on the
appropriate use of the ED and divert members to the right care in the appropriate place of service. The Contractor shall submit a semi-annual report as specified in AMPM Policy 1020 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
 The Contractor shall implement and report the following:      

8.1.15 
 Identify High Need/High Cost members for each Acute Care Contractor in each RBHA Geographic Service Area, in accordance with the standardized criteria developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup;    

8.1.16 
 Plan interventions for addressing appropriate and timely care for these identified members; and        

8.1.17 
 Report outcome summaries utilizing the standardized template developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

8.1.18 
 High Need/High Cost Program: The Contractor shall collaborate with the AHCCCS Contractors indicated below to select members for the High Need/High Cost Program and implement interventions for care coordination in order
to promote appropriate utilization of services and improve member outcomes The Contractor is required to include the number of members indicated below, by RBHA Geographic Service Area.    

# of High Need/High Cost
Members    
 
    RBHA Geographic Service
Area   
   
    Health Choice Integrated Care
(HCIC)   

Cenpatico Integrated Care(C-IC)   

Mercy Maricopa Integrated Care (MMIC)    

Maricopa 

Care1st   30  

Health Choice   30  

Health Net Access   30  

Maricopa Health Plan   30  

Phoenix Health Plan   30  

UnitedHealthcare Comm. Plan - 50  

Mercy Care Plan   70  

*Northern 
   
       University Family Care   20  

Health Choice   40 

UnitedHealthcare Comm. Plan-40 

**Southern  

Care1st   25 

Mercy Care Plan   25 

Health Choice   30 

University Family Care   50 

UnitedHealthcare Comm. Plan   50 

88  

8.1.19 
 AHCCCS covers medically necessary transplantation services and related immunosuppressant medications in accordance with Federal and State law and regulations. The Contractor shall not make payments for organ transplants
not provided for in the State Plan except as otherwise required pursuant to, 42 USC 1396 (d)(r)(5) for persons receiving services under EPSDT. The Contractor must follow the written standards that provide for similarly situated individuals to be
treated alike and for any restriction on facilities or practitioners to be consistent with the accessibility of high quality care to enrollees per Sections (1903(i) and 1903(i)(1)) of the Social Security Act. Refer to the AMPM, Chapter 300,
Exhibit 310-DD and the AHCCCS Reinsurance Manual. xii         

8.1.20 
 Review all prior authorization requirements for services, items or medications annually. The review will be reported through the MM Committee and will include the rationale for changes made to prior authorization
requirements. A summary of the prior authorization requirement changes and the rationale for those changes must be included in the annual MM/UM Plan submission. An attestation that the annual review has been completed must be submitted in accordance
with Exhibit-9, Deliverables of this contract.        

8.2  
  Utilization Data Analysis and Data Management       The Contractor shall:  

8.2.1 
 Develop a process to collect, monitor, analyze, evaluate and report utilization data consistent with the ADHS/DBHS BQ I Specifications Manual, or its successor.    

8.2.2 
 At a minimum, review and analyze the following data elements, interpret the variances, review outcomes and develop and/or approve interventions based on the findings:    

8.2.2.1 
 Under and over utilization of service and cost data;        

8.2.2.2 
 Avoidable hospital admissions and readmission rates and the Average Length of Stay (ALOS) for all psychiatric inpatient facilities for all members receiving behavioral health services;    

8.2.2.3 
 Medical facilities for Medicaid eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services;    
      89  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.2.2.6 
 Emergency Department (ED) utilization and crisis services use;        

8.2.2.7 
 Prior authorization/denial and notices of action;        

8.2.2.9 
 Laboratory and diagnostic utilization; and        

8.2.3 
 Utilize data to assist with identifying members in need of medical management.        

8.2.4 
 Ensure intervention strategies have measurable outcomes and are recorded in the UM/MM Committee meeting minutes.    
 AHCCCS will provide the Contractor:      

8.2.4.1 
 Three years of historical Acute Care Program encounter data for members enrolled with the Contractor as of December 1, 2015; and    

8.2.4.2 
 A claims data file of physical health encounters for all General Mental Health, Children s and non-integrated members with serious mental illness enrolled with the Contractor, for purposes of care coordination, on
a recurring basis.        

8.3  
  Prior Authorization       The Contractor shall:  

8.3.1 
 Identify and communicate to providers and members those services that require authorization and the relevant clinical criteria required for authorization decisions.    

8.3.2 
 Authorize services in conformance with Contract Section on, General Requirements for the System of Care.        

8.3.3 
 Consult with the provider requesting authorization when appropriate.        

8.3.4 
 Specify timeframes for responding to requests for initial and continuous determinations for standard and expedited authorization requests, 42 CFR.438.210.    

8.3.5 
 Make decisions based on adopted national standards or a consensus of relevant healthcare professionals.        

8.3.6 
 Monitor members with special health care needs for direct access to care.        

8.3.7 
 Have a process in place for authorization determinations when Contractor is not the primary payor.        

8.3.8 
 Assess, monitor and report quarterly through the MM/UM Committee medical decisions to assure compliance with timeliness and Notice of Action (NOA) intent, and that the decisions comply with all Contractor coverage
criteria. This includes quarterly evaluation of all NOA decisions that are made by a subcontractor.    
      90  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.3.9 
 Ensure medically necessary services are provided in a timely manner through the review of prior authorization requests received for benefit coverage and clinical appropriateness while confirming potential for third-part
coverage.        

8.3.10 
 Comply with Chapter 1000 of the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM),  http://www.ahcccs.state.az.us/  and QM/MM/UM Performance Improvement Specifications Manual, or its successor.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

8.4.1 
 Develop and implement procedures for review of medical necessity prior to a planned institutional admission.        

8.4.3 
 Specify timeframes and frequency for conducting concurrent review.        

8.4.4 
 Make decisions on coverage based on adopted national standards or a consensus of relevant healthcare professionals.        

8.5  
  Additional Authorization Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

8.5.1 
 Require admission and continued stay authorizations for members in Level I inpatient facilities including Residential Treatment Centers (RTC), Level I sub-acute facilities, Behavioral Health Residential Facilities and
Home Care Training to Home Care Client (HCTC) facilities are conducted by a physician or other qualified health care professional.        

8.5.2 
 Require a health care professional who has appropriate expertise in treating the condition to review and approve any decision that determines the criteria for admission or continued stay is not met prior to issuing a
decision, 42 CFR 438.210(b)(3).        

8.5.3 
 Comply with member notice requirements in the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Notice Requirements and Appeal Process for Title XIX and Title XXI Eligible Persons and Notice and Appeal Requirements (SMI and Non-SMI), or its
successor.        

8.5.4 
 Require consistent application of standardized review criteria in making authorization decisions on requests for initial and continuing authorizations of services and consult with the requesting provider when
appropriate, 42 CFR 438.210(b)(i) and (ii).        
   The Contractor shall:  

8.6.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures for proactive discharge planning when members have been admitted into inpatient facilities even when the Contractor is not the primary payor.    
      91  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.7  
  Inter-rater Reliability       The Contractor shall:  

8.7.1 
 Develop and implement a process to ensure consistent application of review criteria in making medical necessity decisions which include prior authorization, concurrent review, and retrospective review.

8.7.2 
 Monitor the staff involved in these processes receive inter-rater reliability training and testing within 90 days of hire and annually thereafter.    

8.8  
  Retrospective Review       The Contractor shall:  

8.8.1 
 Develop and implement a process or policy describing services requiring retrospective review.        

8.8.2 
 Conduct a quality of care investigation and report the HCAC or OPPC occurrence to AHCCCS Clinical Quality Management quarterly.        

8.9  
  Practice Guidelines       The Contractor shall:  

8.9.1 
 Adopt and disseminate to providers, members and potential members upon request, Clinical Practice Guidelines based on reliable clinical evidence or a consensus of health care professionals in the field that consider
member needs, 42 CFR 438.236(c).        

8.9.2 
 Review Clinical Practice Guidelines annually in the MM/UM Committee and in conjunction with contracted providers to determine if the guidelines remain applicable and reflect the best practice standards, 42 CFR
438.236(b).        

8.10  
  New Medical Technologies and New Uses of Existing Technologies       The Contractor shall:

8.10.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures for evaluation of new medical technologies and new uses of existing technologies on a case by case basis to allow for individual members  needs to be met.

8.10.2 
 Evaluate peer-reviewed medical literature that includes well designed investigations reproduced by non-affiliated authoritative sources with measurable results and with positive endorsements by national medical bodies
regarding scientific efficacy and rationale.        

8.10.3 
 Obtain AHCCCS approval prior to implementing new technologies and/or new use of existing technologies Comply with the timelines prescribed if the new medical technology is a Prior Authorization request

The Contractor shall:  

8.11.1 
 Comply with all requirements in Contract Sections on, Care Coordination and Collaboration.        

8.11.2 
 Establish a process to ensure coordination of member care needs across the continuum based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs.    
      92  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.11.3 
 Ensure the provision of appropriate services in acute, home, chronic, and alternative care settings that meet the members  needs in the most cost effective manner available.    

8.11.4 
 Establish a process for timely and confidential communication of clinical information among providers.        

8.11.5 
 Address, document, refer, and/or follow up on each member s health status, changes in health status, health care needs, and health care services provided.    

8.11.6 
 Include the health risk assessment tool in the new member welcome packet.        

8.11.7 
 Meet regularly with the Acute Care, DES/DDD and CMDP Contractors to improve and address coordination of care issues. Meetings shall occur at least every other month or more frequently if needed to develop process,
implement interventions, and discuss outcomes. Care coordination meetings and staffings shall occur at least monthly or more often as necessary to affect change.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

8.12.1 
 Develop and implement a program that focuses on members with high risk and/or chronic conditions that include a concerted intervention plan, including interventions targeting chronic behavioral and physical health
conditions such as, but not limited to, depression, bi-polar disorder, schizophrenia, cardiac disease, chronic heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diabetes mellitus and asthma.    

8.12.2 
 Ensure the goal of the program is to employ strategies such as health coaching and wellness to facilitate behavioral change to address underlying health risks and to increase member self-management as well as improve
practice patterns of providers, thereby improving healthcare outcomes for members.        

8.12.3 
 Develop methodologies to evaluate the effectiveness of programs including education specifically related to the identified member s ability to self-manage disease and measurable outcomes.    
   
   Care Management is essential to successfully improving
healthcare outcomes for a specifically defined segment of Title XIX eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract. Care Management is designed to cover a wide spectrum of episodic and chronic health care conditions
for members in the top tier of high need/high cost members with an emphasis on proactive health promotion, health education, disease management, and self-management resulting in improved physical and behavioral health outcomes. Care Management is an
administrative function and not a billable service. It is performed by the Contractor s Care Managers. While Care Managers can provide consultation to a member s Treatment Team, they should not perform the day-to-day duties of case
management or service delivery.    The primary goals of the Contractor s Care Management program are as follows:  

8.13.1 
 Identify the top tier of high need/high cost members with serious mental illness in a fully integrated health care program (estimated at 20%);    

8.13.2 
 Effectively transition members from one level of care to another;        

8.13.3 
 Streamline, monitor and adjust members  care plans based on progress and outcomes;    
      93  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.13.4 
 Reduce hospital admissions and unnecessary emergency department and crisis service use; and        

8.13.5 
 Provide members with the proper tools to self-manage care in order to safely live work and integrate into the community.        

8.14  
  Care Management Program-General Requirements       For SMI members receiving physical health
care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.14.1 
 Establish and maintain a Care Management Program (CMP).        

8.14.2 
 Have the following capability for the top tier of high need/ high cost SMI members:        

8.14.3 
 On an ongoing basis, utilize tools and strategies to stratify all SMI members into a case registry, which at a minimum, shall include:    

8.14.3.1 
 Diagnostic classification methods that assign primary and secondary chronic co-morbid conditions;        

8.14.3.2 
 Predictive models that rely on administrative data to identify those members at a high risk for over utilization of behavioral health and physical health services, adverse events, and high costs;    

8.14.3.3 
 Incorporation of health risk assessment into predictive modeling in order to tier members into categories of need to design appropriate levels of clinical intervention, especially for those members with the most
potential for improved health-related outcome and more cost effective treatment;        

8.14.3.4 
 Criteria for identifying the top tier of high cost, high need members for enrollment into the Care Management Program; and        

8.14.3.5 
 Criteria for disenrolling members from the Care Management Program.        

8.14.4 
 Assign and monitor Care Management caseloads based upon national standards and consistent with a member s acuity and complexity of need for Care Management.    

8.14.5 
 Allocate Care Management resources to members consistent with acuity, and evidence-based outcome expectations.        

8.14.6 
 Provide technical assistance to Care Managers including case review, continuous education, training and supervision.        

8.14.7 
 Communicate Care Management activities with the Contractor s Medical Management, Quality Management and Provider Network departments.    

8.14.8 
 Have Care Managers who, at a minimum, shall be required to complete a comprehensive case analysis review of each member enrolled in Contractor s Care Management Program on a quarterly basis. The case analysis
review shall include, at a minimum:        

8.14.8.3 
 Review of administrative data such as claims/encounters; and        
 
      94  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.14.9 
 Care Managers shall establish and maintain a Care Management Plan for each member enrolled in Contractor s Care Management Program. The Care Management Plan, at a minimum, shall:    

8.14.9.1 
 Describe the clinical interventions recommended to the treatment team;        

8.14.9.2 
 Identify coordination gaps, strategies to improve care coordination with the member s service providers;        

8.14.9.3 
 Require strategies to monitor referrals and follow-up for specialty care and routine health care services including medication monitoring; and    

8.14.9.4 
 Align with the member s Individual Recovery Plan, but is neither a part of nor a substitute for that Plan.        
   The Contractor shall:  

8.15.1 
 Develop and implement a process for ongoing review of the prescribing, dispensing, and use of medications to assure efficacious, clinically appropriate, safe, and cost-effective drug therapy to improve health status and
quality of care.        

8.15.2 
 Ensure coverage decisions are based on scientific evidence, standards of practice, peer-reviewed medical literature, outcomes research data, or practice guidelines, 42 CFR 438.236(d).    

8.15.3 
 Perform pattern analyses that evaluate clinical appropriateness, over and underutilization, therapeutic duplications, contraindications, drug interactions, incorrect duration of drug treatment, clinical abuse or misuse,
use of generic products, and mail order medications, 42 CFR 438.204(b)(3).        

8.15.4 
 Provide education to prescribers on drug therapy problems based on utilization patterns with the aim of improving safety, prescribing practices, and therapeutic outcomes.    

8.15.5 
 Engage in activities to monitor controlled and non-controlled medication use as outlined in AMPM Policy 310-FF to ensure members receive clinically appropriate prescriptions. The Contractor is required to report to
AHCCCS, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, a Pharmacy and/or Prescriber - Member Assignment Report which includes the number of members which on the date of the report are restricted to using a specific Pharmacy or Prescriber/Providers due to
excessive use of prescriptive medications (narcotics and non-narcotics).        

8.15.6 
 Report to AHCCCS, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, a monthly Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Medication Report using the template provided by Medical Management.    

8.16  
  Pre-Admission Screening and Resident Review (PASRR) Requirements       The Contractor shall:

8.16.1 
 Administer the PASRR Level II evaluations and meet required time frames for assessment and submission to AHCCCS.    
      95  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.16.2 
 Determine the appropriateness of admitting persons with mental illness to Medicaid-certified nursing facilities, to determine if the level of care provided by the nursing facility is needed and whether specialized
services for persons with mental impairments are required.        

8.16.3 
 Subcontract for these services if necessary, and demonstrate that a licensed physician who is Board-certified or Board-eligible in psychiatry conducts PASRR Level II evaluations in conformance with, 42 CFR Part 483,
Subpart C and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Pre-Admission Screening and Resident Review (PASRR),or its successor.        

8.16.4 
 Submit a PASRR packet that includes an invoice to the AHCCCS.        

8.17  
  Medical Management Reporting Requirements         

8.17.1 
 The Contractor shall submit all deliverables related to Medical Management in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

9  
  APPOINTMENT AND REFERRAL REQUIREMENTS         

9.1  
  Appointments for Behavioral Health Services       The Contractor shall:  

9.1.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to actively monitor and track provider compliance with appointment availability standards and timeliness of appointments for members as required in ACOM Policy 417.

9.1.2 
 The Contractor shall ensure that providers offer a range of appointment availability, per appointment timeliness standards, for intakes and ongoing services based upon the clinical need of the member. The exclusive use
of same-day only appointment scheduling and/or open access is prohibited within the contractor s network.        

9.1.3 
 Provide appointments to members as follows:        

9.1.3.1 
 Emergency appointments within 24 hours of referral, including, at a minimum, the requirement to respond to hospital referrals for Title XIX/XXI members, and members with SMI;    

9.1.3.2 
 Routine appointment for initial assessment within seven days of referral; and        

9.1.4 
 Routine appointments for ongoing services within 23 days of initial assessment. For children in the foster care system, routine appointments for ongoing services within 21 days of initial assessment. Pursuant to A.R.S.
8-201.01, for children in the foster care system, if an initial behavioral health appointment is not provided within 21 days of the initial assessment the member may access services directly from any AHCCCS registered provider regardless of whether
the provider is contracted with the Contractor. If the provider is not contracted with the Contractor, the provider must submit the claim to the Contractor and the Contractor shall reimburse the provider at the lesser of 130% of the AHCCCS
system s negotiated rate or the provider s standard rate.        

9.1.5 
 For wait time in the office, the Contractor shall actively monitor and ensure that a member s waiting time for a scheduled appointment at the PCP s or specialist s office is no more than 45 minutes,
except when the provider is unavailable due to an emergency.    
      96  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.1.6 
 If the Contractor s network is unable to provide medically necessary services required under contract, the Contractor must adequately and timely cover these services through an out of network provider until a
network provider is contracted. The Contractor shall ensure coordination with respect to authorization and payment issues in these circumstances, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(4) and (5). For Members who are inpatient or in a residential treatment facility who
are discharge-ready and require covered, post discharge behavioral health services, the Contractor shall have policies and procedures in place which ensure the member remain in that setting until the service is available or until such time the
Contractor can ensure appropriate, intensive outpatient services/case management/peer services are available to the member while waiting for the desired service.        

9.1.7 
 For referrals from a PCP or Health Plan Behavioral Health Coordinator for a member to receive a psychiatric evaluation or medication management, appointments with a behavioral health medical professional, will be
provided according to the needs of the member, and within the appointment standards described above, with appropriate interventions to prevent a member from experiencing a lapse in medically necessary psychotropic medications.    

9.1.8 
 For CMDP enrolled members, the Contractor shall ensure that a behavioral health screening is conducted within 72 hours of removal from the member s home, as outlined in ADHS/DBHS Policy 102, Appointment Standards
and Timeliness of Service or its successor.        

9.1.9 
 Monitor subcontractor compliance with appointment standards and require corrective action when the standards are not met, 42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iv)(v) and (vi).    

9.1.10 
 Require all disputes to be resolved promptly and intervene and resolve disputes regarding the need for emergency or routine appointments between the subcontractor and the referral source that cannot be resolved
informally.        

9.1.11 
 Provide transportation to all Medicaid eligible members for covered services including SMI members receiving physical health care services so that the member arrives no sooner than one hour before the appointment, and
does not have to wait for more than one hour after the conclusion of the appointment for return transportation.        

9.1.12 
 Develop and implement a quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards for all subcontracted transportation providers and require corrective action if standards are not met.

9.1.13 
 Accept and respond to emergency referrals of Title XIX/XXI eligible members with SMI 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Emergency referrals do not require prior authorization. Emergency referrals include those initiated
for Title XIX/XXI eligible with SMI members admitted to a hospital or treated in the emergency room.        

9.1.15 
 Require that transportation services be pre-arranged for members with recurring and on-going behavioral and physical health care needs, including, but not limited to, dialysis, radiation, chemotherapy, etc.
   
      97  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.1.16 
 Have written policies and procedures about educating its provider network regarding appointment time requirements. The Contractor must develop a corrective action plan (CAP) when appointment standards are not met. In
addition, the Contractor must develop a corrective action plan in conjunction with the provider when appropriate, 42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iv),(v) and (vi). Appointment standards shall be included in the Provider Manual. The Contractor is encouraged to
include the standards in the provider subcontracts.        

9.1.17 
 Respond to all requests for services and schedule emergency and routine appointments consistent with the appointment standards in this Contract.    

9.1.18 
 On a quarterly basis conduct review of the availability of the providers in sufficient quantity to ensure results are meaningful and representative of the Contractor s network.    

9.1.19 
 For medically necessary non-emergent transportation, the Contractor shall schedule transportation so that the member arrives on time for the appointment, but no sooner than one hour before the appointment; nor have to
wait more than one hour after the conclusion of the treatment for transportation home; nor be picked up prior to the completion of treatment. Also see Contract Section on, Special Health Care Needs. The Contractor must develop and implement a
quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards above for all subcontracted transportation vendors/brokers and require corrective action if standards are not met.    

9.2  
  Additional Appointment Requirements for SMI Members       For SMI members eligible to receive
physical health care services, the Contractor shall:      

9.2.1 
 Monitor appointment availability utilizing the methodology found in the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Appointment Availability Monitoring and Reporting Policy. For purposes of this Section,  urgent  is
defined as an acute, but not necessarily life-threatening disorder, which, if not attended to, could endanger the member s health. The Contractor shall have procedures in place that ensure the following standards are met.    

9.2.2 
 Establish and implement procedures as indicated by the member s condition not to exceed the following standards:        

9.2.3.1 
 Emergency: same day of request or within 24 hours of the member s phone call or other notification;        

9.2.4 
 For Specialty Care Appointments:        

98  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.2.6 
 For Maternity Care appointments for initial prenatal care for pregnant SMI members:        

9.2.6.2 
 Second trimester: within seven days of request;        

9.2.6.3 
 Third trimester: within three days of request; and        

9.2.6.4 
 High risk pregnancies: within three days of a maternity care provider s identification of high risk or immediately if an emergency exists.    

9.2.7 
 Utilize the results from appointment standards monitoring to assure adequate appointment availability in order to reduce unnecessary emergency department or crisis services utilization.    

9.2.8 
 Consider utilizing non-emergency facilities to address member non-emergency care issues occurring after regular office hours or on weekends.    

9.2.9 
 Develop and distribute written policies and procedures for network providers regarding appointment time standards and requirements.        

9.2.10 
 Establish processes to monitor and reduce the appointment  no show  rate by provider and service type. As best practices are identified, AHCCCS may require implementation by the Contractor.    

9.3  
  Referral Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

9.3.1 
 Establish written criteria and procedures for accepting and acting upon referrals, including emergency referrals.        

9.3.2 
 Include in the written criteria the definition of a referral as any oral, written, faxed or electronic request for services made by the member or member s legal guardian, family member, an AHCCCS acute Contractor,
PCP, hospital, court, Tribe, IHS, school, or other state or community agency.        

9.3.3 
 Respond to all requests for services and schedule emergency and routine appointments consistent with the appointment standards in this Contract.    

9.3.4 
 Record, track and trend all referrals, including the date of the scheduled appointment, the date of the referral for services, date and location of initial scheduled appointment, final disposition of referral, and the
reason why the member declined the offered appointment.        

9.3.5 
 Have a process to refer any member who requests information or is about to lose AHCCCS eligibility or other benefits to options for low-cost or no-cost health care services.    

9.3.6 
 Ensure that training and education are available to PCPs regarding behavioral health referrals and consultation procedures.    
      99  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.4  
  Disposition of Referrals       The Contractor shall, when appropriate:  

9.4.1 
 Communicate the final disposition of each referral from PCPs, AHCCCS Health Plans, Department of Education/School Districts and state social service agencies to the referral source and Health Plan Behavioral Health
Coordinator within 30 days of the member receiving an initial assessment. If a member declines behavioral health services, the final disposition must be communicated to the referral source and health plan behavioral health coordinator within 30 days
of the referral, when applicable. The final disposition shall include, at a minimum:        

9.4.1.1 
 The date the member received an initial assessment;        

9.4.1.2 
 The name and contact information of the provider accepting primary responsibility for the member s behavioral health care; or        

9.4.1.3 
 Indicate that a follow-up to the referral was conducted but no services were delivered and the reason why no services were delivered including members who failed to present for an appointment.    

9.4.2 
 Document the reason for non-delivery of services to demonstrate that the Contractor or provider either attempted to contact the member on at least three occasions and was unable to locate the member or contacted the
member and the member declined services.        
   The Contractor shall:  

9.5.1 
 Distribute provider directories and any available periodic updates to AHCCCS Health Plans for distribution to the PCPs, if a Contractor does not maintain a centralized referral and intake system as the sole mechanism
for receiving behavioral health referrals.        

9.5.2 
 For additional Provider Directory requirements see the Contract Section on, Communications.        

9.6  
  Referral for a Second Opinion       The Contractor shall:  

9.6.1 
 Upon a member s request, provide for a second opinion from a qualified health care professional within the network, or arrange for a member to obtain one outside the network at no cost to the member, 42 CFR
438.206(b)(3). For purposes of this paragraph, a qualified health care professional is a provider who meets the qualifications to be an AHCCCS registered provider of covered health care services, and who is a physician, a physician assistant, a
nurse practitioner, a psychologist, or an independent Master s level therapist.        

9.7  
  Additional Referral Requirements for SMI Members       For SMI members receiving physical
health care services, the Contractor shall:      

9.7.1 
 Establish and implement written procedures for referrals to specialists or other services, to include, at a minimum, the following:        

9.7.1.1 
 Use of referral forms clearly identifying the Contractor;    
      100  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.7.1.2 
 Referrals to specialty physician services shall be from a PCP, except as follows:        

9.7.1.2.1 
 Women shall have direct access to in-network OB/GYN providers, including physicians, physician assistants and nurse practitioners within the scope of their practice, without a referral for preventive and routine
services, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(2).        

9.7.2 
 For members with special health care needs determined to need a specialized course of treatment or regular care monitoring, the Contractor must have procedures in place to allow members to directly access a specialist
(for example through a standing referral or an approved number of visits) as appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(4). For members transitioning, see the Contract Section on, Coordination for
Transitioning Members.        

9.7.3 
 Specialty physicians shall not begin a course of treatment for a medical condition other than that for which the member was referred, unless approved by the member s PCP.    

9.7.4 
 A process for the member s PCP to receive all specialist and consulting reports and a process for the PCP to follow-up on all referrals including CRS, Dental and EPSDT referrals for behavioral health services.

9.7.5 
 A process to refer any member who requests information or is about to lose AHCCCS eligibility or other benefits to options for low-cost or no-cost health care services.    

9.7.6 
 Comply with all applicable physician referral requirements and conditions defined in Sections 1903(s) and 1877 of the Social Security Act and corresponding regulations which include, but are not limited to, [42 CFR Part
411, Part 424, Part 435 and Part 455]. Sections 1903(s) and 1877 of the Act prohibits physicians from making referrals for designated health services to health care entities with which the physician or a member of the physician s family has a
financial relationship. Designated health services include, at a minimum:        

9.7.6.7 
 Parenteral and enteral nutrients, equipment and supplies,        

9.7.6.8 
 Prosthetics, orthotics and prosthetic devices and supplies,        

9.7.7 
 Have a process for referral to Medicare Managed Care Plan.    
      101  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

The Contractor shall:  

10.1.1 
 Have an ongoing quality management program for the provision of services to members that include the requirements listed in AMPM Chapter 400, 900 and the following:    

10.1.1.1 
 Ensure the protection and confidentiality of medical records and any other personal health and enrollment information that identifies a particular member or subset of members in accordance with Federal and State privacy
requirements.        

10.1.1.2 
 The Contractor must employ sufficient, qualified local staff and utilize appropriate resources to achieve contractual compliance. The Contractor s resource allocation must be adequate to achieve quality outcomes.
Staffing adequacy will be evaluated based on outcomes and compliance with contractual and AHCCCS policy requirements.        

10.1.1.3 
 The Contractor shall have local staff available 24 hours per day, seven days per week to work with AHCCCS and/or other State agencies, such as Arizona Department of Health Services/Office of Licensure, on urgent issue
resolutions. Urgent issue resolutions include Immediate Jeopardies (IJ), fires, or other public emergency situations. These staff shall have access to information necessary to identify members who may be at risk and their current health/service
status, the ability to initiate new placements/services, and have the ability to perform status checks at affected facilities and perform ongoing monitoring, if necessary. The Contractor shall supply AHCCCS, Clinical Quality Management (CQM) with
the contact information for these staff, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. At a minimum the contact information shall include a current 24/7 telephone number. CQM must be notified and provided back up contact information when the primary
contact person will be unavailable.        

10.1.1.4 
 QM/PI positions performing work functions related to the contract must have a direct reporting relationship to the local Chief Medical Officer (CMO) and the local Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The local CMO and CEO
shall have the ability to direct, implement and prioritize interventions resulting from quality management and quality improvement activities and investigations. Contractor staff, including administrative services subcontractors  staff, that
performs functions under this contract related to QM and QI shall have the work directed and prioritized by the Contractor s local CEO and CMO.        

10.1.1.5 
 Implement, monitor, evaluate and comply with applicable requirements in the AHCCCS Bureau of Quality and Integration (BQ I) Specifications Manual, or its successor and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.
   
      102  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.1.1.6 
 Provide quality care and services to eligible members, regardless of payer source or eligibility category.        

10.1.1.7 
 Establish a Quality Management/Quality Improvement unit within its organizational structure that is separate and distinct from any other units or departments such as Medical Management and Case/Care Management

10.1.1.8 
 Establish a Quality Management (QM) Committee, a Peer Review Committee, a Children s QM subcommittee and other subcommittees under QM Committee as required or as a need is identified.    

10.1.1.9 
 Require its QM Committee, Peer Review Committee and subcommittees to meet at least quarterly and be chaired by the local Chief Medical Officer.    

10.1.1.11 
 Integrate quality management processes in all areas of the Contractor s organization, with ultimate responsibility for quality management/quality improvement residing within the QM unit.    

10.1.1.12 
 Demonstrate improvement in the quality of care provided to members through established quality management and performance improvement processes.    

10.1.2 
 Federal Regulation prohibits payment for Provider-Preventable Conditions that meet the definition of a Health Care-Acquired Condition (HCAC) or an Other Provider Preventable Condition (OPPC) and that meet the
following criteria: xiii         

10.1.2.2 
 Has been found by the State, based upon a review of medical literature by qualified professionals, to be reasonably preventable through the application of procedures supported by evidence-based guidelines;

10.1.4 
 Regularly, and as requested, disseminate subcontractor and provider quality improvement information including performance measures, dashboard indicators and member outcomes to AHCCCS and key stakeholders, including
members and family members.    
      103  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.1.5 
 Develop and maintain mechanisms to solicit feedback and recommendations from key stakeholders, subcontractors, members, and family members to monitor service quality and to develop strategies to improve member outcomes
and quality improvement activities related to the quality of care and system performance.        

10.1.6 
 Participate in community initiatives including applicable activities of the Medicare Quality Improvement Organization (QIO).        

10.1.7 
 Maintain the confidentiality of a member s medical record in conformance with Contract Section on, Medical Records.        

10.1.8 
 Comply with requirements to assure member rights and responsibilities in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedures Manual policies on Title XIX/XXI Notice and Appeal Requirements; Special Assistance for
Persons Determined to have a Serious Mental Illness; Notice and Appeal Requirements (SMI and NON-SMI); Member Grievance Resolution Process, or their successor documents; and the AHCCCS policy on Notice Requirements and Appeal Process for Title XIX
and Title XXI Eligible Persons and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, 42 CFR 438.100(a)(2); and comply with any other applicable federal and State laws (such as Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, etc.) including other laws regarding privacy
and confidentiality, 42 CFR 438.100(d).        

10.1.9 
 Require its QM Committee to proactively and regularly review member grievance, SMI grievance and appeal data to identify outlier members who have filed multiple complaints, grievances or appeals regarding services or
against the Contractor or who contact governmental entities for assistance, including AHCCCS for the purposes of assigning a care coordinator to assist the member in navigating the health care system.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

10.2.1 
 Demonstrate that its providers are credentialed and reviewed through the Contractor s Credentialing Committee that is chaired by the Contractor s local Medical Director, 42 CFR 438.214. The Contractor should
refer to the AMPM and Exhibit-9, Deliverables for reporting requirements.        

10.2.2 
 Comply with uniform provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credential verification as follows:    

10.2.2.1 
 Document provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credential verification of providers who have signed contracts or participation agreements with the Contractor or have seen
25 or more of the Contractor s members, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(1-2);        

10.2.2.2 
 Not discriminate against particular providers that serve high-risk populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment; and    

104  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.2.3 
  Credential Verification Organization Contract:  The Arizona Association of Health Plans (AzAHP) has established a contract with a Credential Verification Organization (CVO) that is responsible for receiving
completed applications, attestations and primary source verification documents. The CVO is also responsible for conducting annual entity site visits to ensure compliance with AHCCCS requirements. The AHCCCS Contractor must utilize the contracted CVO
as part of its credentialing and recredentialing process regardless of membership in the AzAHP. This requirement eases the administrative burden for providers that contract with AHCCCS Contractors which often results in duplicative submission of
information used for credentialing purposes. The Contractor shall follow the AHCCCS recredentialing timelines for providers that submit their credentialing data and forms to the AzAHP CVO. The Contractor is responsible for completing the
credentialing process. The Contractor shall continue to include utilization, performance, complaint, and quality of care information, as specified in the AMPM, to complete the credentialing or recredentialing files that are brought to the
Credentialing Committee for a decision. In addition, the Contractor must also meet the AMPM requirements for provisional/temporary credentialing.        

10.2.4 
  Credentialing Timelines:  The Contractor is required to process credentialing applications in a timely manner. To assess the timeliness of provisional and initial credentialing a Contractor shall calculate and
report to AHCCCS as outlined in AMPM Policy 950. The Contractor must report the credentialing information with regard to all credentialing applications as specified in  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.

10.2.5 
 The Contractor shall ensure that they have in place a process to monitor, at a minimum, on an annual basis, occurrences which may have jeopardized the validity of the credentialing process.    

10.3  
  Incident, Accident and Death Reports       The Contractor shall:  

10.3.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that require individual and organizational providers to report to the Contractor and other proper authorities incident, accident and death (IAD) reports of abuse, neglect,
injury, alleged human rights violation, exploitation and death in conformance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, Chapter 900.        

10.3.2 
 Incident, accident and death (IAD) reports must be submitted in accordance with requirements established by AHCCCS.        

10.4  
  Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations       The Contractor shall:  

10.4.1 
 Establish mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care provided to members, including members with special health care needs, 42 CFR 438.420(b)(4).    

10.4.2 
 Develop a process that requires the provider to report incidents of healthcare acquired conditions, abuse neglect, exploitation, injuries, high profile cases and unexpected death to the Contractor.    

10.4.3 
 Develop a process to report incidents of healthcare acquired conditions, abuse, neglect, exploitation, injuries, high profile cases and unexpected death to AHCCCS Quality Management.    
      105  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.4.4 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that analyze quality of care issues through identifying the issue, initial assessment of the severity of the issue, and prioritization of action(s) needed to resolve
immediate care needs when appropriate.        

10.4.5 
 Establish a process to ensure that staff, having contact with members or providers, are trained on how to refer suspected quality of care issues to quality management. This training must be provided during new employee
orientation and annually thereafter.        

10.4.6 
 Establish mechanisms to track and trend member and provider issues, which includes, but is not limited to, investigation and analysis of quality of care issues, abuse, neglect, exploitation, high profile, human rights
violations and unexpected deaths. The resolution process must include:        

10.4.6.1 
 Acknowledgement letter to the originator of the concern;        

10.4.6.2 
 Documentation of all steps utilized during the investigation and resolution process;        

10.4.6.3 
 Follow-up with the member to assist in ensuring immediate health care needs are met;        

10.4.6.4 
 Closure/resolution letter that provides sufficient detail to ensure that the member has an understanding of the resolution of their issue, any responsibilities they have in ensuring all covered, medically necessary care
needs are met, and a Contractor contact name/telephone number to call for assistance or to express any unresolved concerns;        

10.4.6.5 
 Documentation of implemented corrective action plan(s) or action(s) taken to resolve the concern; and        

10.4.6.6 
 Analysis of the effectiveness of the interventions taken.        

10.4.7 
 Implement mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs.        
   The Contractor shall comply with AHCCCS quality management
requirements to improve performance for all AHCCCS performance measures. Descriptions of the AHCCCS Clinical Quality Performance Measures and links to the CMS and the measure host sites can be found on the AHCCCS website. The EPSDT Participation
performance measure description utilizes the methodology established in CMS  Form 416  which can also be found on the AHCCCS website.  
 The Contractor shall:      

10.5.1 
 Comply with national performance measures and levels identified and developed by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) or those that are developed in consultation with AHCCCS and/or other relevant
stakeholders, and any resulting changes when current established performance measures are finalized and implemented, 42 CFR 438.24(c).        

10.5.2 
 Implement Performance improvement programs including performance measures and performance improvement projects as directed by AHCCCS, 42 CFR 438.240(a)(2).    
      106  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.5.3 
 Design a quality management program to achieve, through ongoing measurements and intervention, significant improvement, sustained over time, in the areas of clinical care and non-clinical care that are expected to have
a favorable effect on health outcomes and member satisfaction, 42 CFR 438.240(a)(2), (b)(2) and (c).        

10.5.4 
 Improve performance for all established performance measures.        

10.5.5 
 Ensure that performance measures are analyzed and reported separately, by line of business Acute, DDD, (Acute, SMI populations, DDD and CMDP), In addition, Contractors should evaluate performance based on sub-categories
of populations when requested to do such.        

10.5.6 
 Collect data from medical records, electronic records or through approved processes such as those utilizing a health information exchange and provide these data with supporting documentation, as instructed by AHCCCS,
for each hybrid measure. The number of records that each Contractor collects will be based on HEDIS, External Quality Review Organization (EQRO), or other sampling guidelines and may be affected by the Contractor s previous performance rate for
the measure being collected.        

10.5.7 
 Comply with and implement the hybrid methodology data collection as directed by AHCCCS.        

10.5.8 
 Implement a process for internal monitoring of Performance Measure rates, using a standard methodology established or approved by AHCCCS, for each required Performance Measure. AHCCCS-reported rates are the official
rates utilized for determination of Contractor compliance with performance requirements. Contractor calculated and/or reported rates will be used strictly for monitoring Contractor actions and not be used for official reporting or for consideration
in corrective action purposes.        

10.5.9 
 Have a mechanism for its QM Committee to report Contractor s performance on an ongoing basis to its CEO/COO and other key staff.    

10.5.10 
 Meet and sustain specified Minimum Performance Standards (MPS) in the table below for each population/eligibility category according to the following:    

10.5.10.1 
 Minimum Performance Standard: A Minimum Performance Standard is the minimal expected level of performance by the Contractor. If a Contractor does not achieve this standard, the Contractor will be required to submit a
corrective action plan and may be subject to a sanction of up to $100,000 dollars for each deficient measure.        

10.5.11 
 Show demonstrable and sustained improvement toward meeting AHCCCS Performance Standards. AHCCCS may impose sanctions on Contractors that do not show statistically significant improvement in a measure rate as calculated
by AHCCCS. Sanctions may also be imposed for statistically significant declines of rates even if they meet or exceed the MPS, for any rate that does not meet the AHCCCS MPS, or a rate that has a significant impact to the aggregate rate for the
State. AHCCCS may require the Contractor to demonstrate that they are allocating increased administrative resources to improving rates for a particular measure or service area. AHCCCS also may require a corrective action plan for measures that are
below the MPS or that show a statistically significant decrease in its rate even if it meets or exceeds the MPS.        

10.5.12 
   An evidence-based corrective action plan that outlines the problem, planned actions for improvement, responsible
staff and associated timelines as well as a place holder for evaluation of activities must be received by AHCCCS within 30     
      107  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

days of receipt of notification of the deficiency from AHCCCS. This plan must be approved by AHCCCS prior to implementation. AHCCCS may conduct one or more follow-up desktop or  on-site  reviews to verify compliance with a corrective action plan.        

10.5.13 
 AHCCCS may also require the Contractor to conduct a chart audit for validation of any performance measure that falls below the minimum performance standard. The Contractor must meet, and ensure that each subcontractor
meets, AHCCCS Minimum Performance Standards, 42 CFR 438.240(b)(1), (2), and (d)(1).      GMH/SA Performance Measures:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 7 Days  
    
 85%  
 
   Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 30 Days  
    
 95%  
 
   Mental Health Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Use of Multiple Concurrent Antipsychotics in Children and Adolescents  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Use of Opioids From Multiple Providers at High Dosage in Persons Without Cancer  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
   GMH/SA Performance Measures with Reserve Status*:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 7 Days  
    
 75%  
 
   Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 23 Days  
    
 90%  

* 
 Performance measures remain important to AHCCCS and as such will continue to be monitored by AHCCCS. Should Contractor performance results for Performance Measures in Reserve Status decline, the Contractor may be
subject to corrective action. AHCCCS may require individual Contractors to implement improvement actions for Performance Measures with Reserve Status in order to ensure quality of care to AHCCCS members. Measures deemed in Reserve Status will be
reported out when appropriate.      Integrated Performance Measures:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Inpatient Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   ED Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Hospital Readmission  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 7 Days  
    
 85%  
 
   Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 30 Days  
    
 95%  
 
   Adults  Access to Preventive/ Ambulatory Health Services  
    
 75%  
 
   Breast Cancer Screening (BCS)  
    
 50%  
 
   Cervical Cancer Screening (CCS)  
    
 64%  
 
   Chlamydia Screening in Women (CHL)  
    
 63%  
 
   Colorectal Screening  
    
 65%  
 
   CDC - HbA1c Testing  
    
 77%  
 
   CDC - HbA1c Poor Control ( 9.0%)  
    
 43%  
 
   CDC - Eye Exam  
    
 49%  
 
   Timeliness of Prenatal Care: Prenatal Care Visit in the First Trimester or Within 42 Days of
Enrollment (PPC)  
    
 80%  
 
   Timeliness of Prenatal Care: Postpartum Care Rate (PPC)  
    
 64%  
 
   Mental Health Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year     
 
   Use of Opioids From Multiple Providers at High Dosage in Persons Without Cancer  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year     
 
      108  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  Integrated Performance Measures in Reserve Status*:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 7 Days  
    
 75%  
 
   Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 23 Days  
    
 90%  
 
   Diabetes Admissions, Short-Term Complications
 (PQI-01)   
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Flu Shots for Adults, Ages 18 and Older (FVA)  
    
 50%  
 
   Annual Monitoring for Patients on Persistent Medications: Combo Rate  
    
 75%  
 
   Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) or Asthma in Older Adults Admission Rate  (PQI-05)   
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Asthma in Younger Adults Admissions (PQI-15)  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Heart Failure Admission Rate (PQI-08)  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   EPSDT Participation, members aged 18 to 21  
    
 68%  
 
   Diabetes Screening for People with Schizophrenia or Bipolar Disorder Who Are Using Antipsychotic
Medication  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  

* 
 Performance measures remain important to AHCCCS and as such will continue to be monitored by AHCCCS. Should Contractor performance results for Performance Measures in Reserve Status decline, the Contractor may be
subject to corrective action. AHCCCS may require individual Contractors to implement improvement actions for Performance Measures with Reserve Status in order to ensure quality of care to AHCCCS members. Measures deemed in Reserve Status will be
reported out when appropriate.        

10.5.14 
 Have its performance evaluated quarterly and annually with rates for measures that include only members less than 21 years of age reported and evaluated separately for Title XIX and Title XXI eligibility groups.
   
      109  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.5.15 
 Have its compliance with performance measures validated by the AHCCCS and/or an External Quality Review Organization (EQRO).        

10.5.16 
 Take affirmative steps to increase EPSDT participation rates as measured utilizing methodologies developed by CMS, including the EPSDT Dental Participation Rate.    

10.5.18 
 The Contractor must participate in the delivery and/or results review of member surveys as requested by AHCCCS. Surveys may include Home and Community Based Member Experience surveys, HEDIS Experience of Care (Consumer
Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems CAHPS) surveys, and/or any other tool that AHCCCS determines will benefit quality improvement efforts. While not included as an official performance measure, survey findings or performance rates
for survey questions may result in the Contractor being required to develop a Corrective Action Plan (CAP) to improve any areas of concern noted by AHCCCS. Failure to effectively develop or implement AHCCCS-approved CAPs and drive improvement may
result in additional regulatory action.        

10.5.19 
 Contractor Performance is evaluated annually using the AHCCCS-reported rate for each measure. AHCCCS rates are considered the official measurement for each Performance Measure. AHCCCS calculated rates by Contractor for
each measure will be compared with the MPS specified in the contract in effective during the measurement period. For instance, Performance Standards in the CYE 2015 contract apply to results calculated by AHCCCS for the CYE 2015 measurement period.
AHCCCS will utilize methodologies that are reflective of the requirements for the measurement period. For instance, CYE 2014 performance measure data will be based on the published 2014 CMS Core Sets and 2014 HEDIS technical specifications.
Contractors are responsible for monitoring and reporting to AHCCCS CQM the status of, and any discrepancies identified in encounters received by AHCCCS including paid, denied and pended for purposes of Performance Measure monitoring prior to the
AHCCCS Performance Measure rate calculations being conducted.        

10.5.20 
 AHCCCS will measure and report the Contractor s EPSDT Participation rate and Dental Participation (Preventive Dental) rate, utilizing the CMS 416 methodology. The EPSDT participation rate is the number of children
younger than 21 years that receive medical screens in compliance with the State s Periodicity Schedule, compared to the number of children expected to receive medical screens per the State s Periodicity Schedule. The Preventive Dental
Participation rate is the number of children aged one through 20 who have a preventive dental visit, compared to the number of children who has at least 90-days continuous enrollment during the Contract Year (measurement period).    

10.5.21 
   The Contractor is responsible for applying the correct CMS-416 methodology as developed and maintained by CMS for
its internal monitoring of performance measure results. AHCCCS uses the national CMS 416 methodology to generate     
      110  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

the EPSDT Participation and Dental Participation rates through a CMS-validated process. The rates are generated one time a year and reported to CMS within specified timeframes. Aggregate rates as
well as Contractor-specific rates are included in this process.        

10.5.22 
 The Contractor must monitor rates for postpartum visits and low/very low birth weight deliveries and implement interventions as necessary to improve or sustain these rates. The Contractor must implement processes to
monitor and evaluate cesarean section and elective inductions rates prior to 39 weeks gestation to ensure medical necessity, and implement interventions to decrease the incidence of occurrence.    

10.6  
  Performance Improvement Projects         

10.6.1 
 Implement an ongoing program of performance improvement projects (PIP) that focus on clinical and non-clinical areas as specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual and that involve the following:    

10.6.1.1 
 Measurement of performance using objective quality indicators;        

10.6.1.2 
 Implementation of system interventions to achieve improvement in quality;        

10.6.1.3 
 Evaluation of the effectiveness of the interventions; and        

10.6.2 
 Comply with PIPs mandated by AHCCCS, but may self-select additional projects based on opportunities for improvement identified by internal data and information.    

10.6.3 
 Self-select additional projects based on opportunities for improvement identified by internal data and information.        

10.6.4 
 Report the status and results of each project to AHCCCS as requested using the PIP Reporting Template included in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

10.6.5 
 Complete each PIP in a reasonable time period or as specified by AHCCCS in order to use the information on the success of performance improvement projects in the aggregate to produce new information on quality of care
every year, 42 CFR 438.240(d)(2).        
   The Contractor shall:  

10.7.1 
 Submit data for standardized Performance Measures and Performance Improvement Projects as required by the AHCCCS within specified timelines and according to procedures for collecting and reporting the data in
conformance with Section 10.        

10.7.2 
 Submit data that is valid, reliable and collected using qualified staff and in the format and according to instructions from AHCCCS by the due date specified.    

10.7.3 
 The Contractor must ensure that data collected by multiple parties/people for Performance Measures and/or PIP reporting is comparable and that an inter-rater reliability process was used to ensure consistent data
collection.    
      111  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.7.4 
 The Contractor is responsible for collecting valid and reliable data and using qualified staff and personnel to collect the data.        

10.7.5 
 Data collected for Performance Measures and/or PIPs must be returned by the Contractor in a format specified by AHCCCS, and by the due date specified.    

10.7.6 
 Any extension for additional time to collect and report data must be made in writing in advance of the initial due date and is subject to approval by AHCCCS.    

10.7.7 
 Failure to follow the data collection and reporting instructions that accompany the data request may result in sanctions imposed on the Contractor.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

10.8.1 
 Implement the annual Member Satisfaction Survey in conjunction with subcontractors when necessary in accordance with Statewide Consumer Survey protocol and report results to AHCCCS, 42 CFR 438.6(h).    

10.8.2 
 Use findings from the Member Satisfaction Survey in designing quality improvement activities.        

10.8.3 
 Participate in additional surveys in conformance with Contract Section on, Surveys, including surveys mandated by AHCCCS.        

10.8.4 
 Perform surveys at AHCCCS  request. The contractor may provide the survey tool or require the Contractor to develop the survey tool which shall be approved in advance by AHCCCS.    

10.8.5 
 AHCCCS or the Contractor may conduct surveys of a representative sample of the Contractor s membership and providers. The results of the surveys will become public information and available to all interested
parties on the AHCCCS website. The Contractor may be required to participate in workgroups and efforts that are initiated as a result of the survey results.        
   The Contractor shall:  

10.9.1 
 Develop and submit a subcontractor performance monitoring plan as a component of annual QM plan, to include, at a minimum, the following quality management functions:    

10.9.1.2 
 Incident, accident, death (IAD) report timely completion and submission;        

10.9.1.6 
 Temporary, provisional, initial and re-credentialing processes and requirements.    
      112  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.9.2 
 Conduct an annual Operational Review audit of subcontracted provider services and service sites, and assess each provider s performance on satisfying established quality management and performance measures
standards.        

10.9.3 
 Develop and implement a corrective action plan when provider monitoring activities reveal poor performance as follows:        

10.9.3.1 
 When performance falls below the minimum performance level, or        

10.9.3.2 
 Shows a statistically significant decline from previous period performance.        
   Centers of Excellence are facilities that are recognized as
providing the highest levels of leadership, quality, and service. Centers of Excellence align physicians and other providers to achieve higher value through greater focus on appropriateness of care, clinical excellence, and patient satisfaction.
Designation as a Center of Excellence is based on criteria such as procedure volumes, clinical outcomes, and treatment planning and coordination. To encourage Contractor activity which incentivizes utilization of the best value providers for select,
evidenced based, high volume procedures or conditions, the Contractor shall submit a Centers of Excellence Report to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, outlining the Contractor s approach to developing at least two Centers of
Excellence for at least two different procedures or conditions.      

10.10.1.1 
 Identify why the selected procedures or conditions were chosen,        

10.10.1.2 
 Outline how the Contractor will identify and select providers with the highest quality outcomes,        

10.10.1.3 
 Provide a high-level summary of potential contracting approaches,        

10.10.1.4 
 Identify how the Contractor plans to drive utilization to the Centers of Excellence, and        

10.10.1.5 
 Identify any barriers or challenges with the development of such Centers of Excellence.        

10.11  
  Quality Management Reporting Requirements         

10.11.1 
 The Contractor shall conduct an annual case review of the behavioral health care provided to its members, and submit an analysis of the findings to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit 9, Deliverables. To meet this
requirement, the Contractor may independently perform the review or subcontract with a Professional External Review Organization approved by AHCCCS. The case review must be conducted by licensed Behavioral Health Professionals. If applicable, the
Contractor shall have oversight responsibility to assure that the subcontractor performs the review as required and the results are accurate. The Contractor shall ensure reviews are conducted on a sample of member records for both children and
adults and by population served including general mental health, seriously mental ill, members enrolled in the Division of Developmental Disabilities and those enrolled in the Children s Medical and Dental Program based on a sampling
methodology approved by AHCCCS.        

10.11.1.1 
   The Contractor shall submit a proposed sampling methodology and case file review tool with instructions to AHCCCS
for review and     
      113  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

approval no later than 60 days prior to implementation. At a minimum, the case review should assess the following indicators or aspects of care:    

10.11.1.1.1 
 Treatment goals are jointly established with the member, member s family, and other involved parties;        

10.11.1.1.2 
 Individuals requiring specialty providers are referred for and receive specialty services;        

10.11.1.1.3 
 There is evidence that behavioral health care has been coordinated with the member s PCP;        

10.11.1.1.4 
 For persons with multi-agency involvement, treatment recommendations are collaboratively developed and implemented;        

10.11.1.2 
 The Contractor shall monitor and provide feedback on all corrective action plans written as a result of the findings in the case file review to ensure improved performance.    

10.11.2 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to Quality Management in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
     
   All informational materials, prepared by the Contractor, shall be
approved by AHCCCS prior to distribution to members. Refer to ACOM Policy 404 for further information and requirements. The Contractor shall:      

11.1.1 
 Be accessible by phone during normal business hours and require subcontracted providers to be accessible by phone for general member information during normal business hours.    

11.1.2 
 Establish and maintain one toll-free phone number with options for a caller to connect to appropriate services and departments and inform members of its existence and availability, 42 CFR 438.10(b)(3). At a minimum,
when appropriate, members calling the toll-free number should be connected to the following:        

11.1.2.1 
 Nurse On Call consultations for SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract; and        

11.1.2.2 
 Free resources for members or potential members to obtain information about accessing services, using a grievance system process or any other information related to covered services or the health care service delivery
system, 42 CFR 438.10(c)(4) and 438.10(c)(5)(i) and (ii).        

11.1.3 
 Require vital materials to be provided to members. See Contract Section on, Translation Services.        

11.1.4 
 Provide Title XIX/XXI members with written notice in conformance with Contract Section on, Material Change to Business Operations.    
      114  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.1.5 
 Require all information that is prepared for distribution to members and potential members to be written using an easily understood language and format, and as further described in ACOM Policy 404, 42 CFR 438.10(b)(1).
Regardless of the format chosen by the Contractor, the member information must be printed in a type, style and size which can be easily read by members with varying degrees of visual impairment or limited reading proficiency, 42 CFR 438.10(d).

11.1.6 
 Notify members and potential members of the availability and method for access to materials in alternative formats and provide such materials to accommodate members with special needs, for example, members or potential
members who are visually impaired or have limited reading proficiency, 42 CFR 438.10(d)(1)(i) and (ii); 42 CFR 438.10(d)(2).        

11.1.7 
 Comply with all translation requirements for all member informational materials in Contract Section on, Translation Services.        

11.1.8 
 Notify members that oral interpretation and language assistance services including services for the hearing impaired are available in conformance with Contract Sections on, Cultural Competency, Translation Services, 42
CFR 438.10(c)(5)(i).        

11.1.9 
 Provide a Provider Directory to each member/representative or household, which at a minimum, includes those items listed in ACOM Policy 404, and is provided as follows:    

11.1.9.1 
 For members enrolled with another AHCCCS Health Plan for physical health care services, within 12 business days of the member receiving the initial behavioral health covered service; and    

11.1.10 
 The Contractor has the option of providing the Provider Directory in hard copy format or providing written notification of how the Provider Directory information is available on the Contractor s website, via
electronic mail, or via postal mailing as described in ACOM Policy 404.        

11.1.11 
 Upon request, assist AHCCCS in the dissemination of information prepared by AHCCCS, or other governmental agency, to its members and pay for the cost to disseminate and communicate information.    

11.1.12 
 Make available easy access of information by members, family members, providers, stakeholders, and the general public in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).    

11.1.13 
 Comply with AHCCCS policy or policies for member information, communications, Health Promotion outreach, websites and Social Networking and monitor subcontractor compliance with the policies.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

115  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.2.2 
 Review and update the Member Handbook at least once a year. The Handbook must be submitted to AHCCCS, Division of Health Care management for approval as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

11.2.3 
 Provide the Contractor s Member Handbook to each member as follows:        

11.2.3.1 
 For Title XIX/XXI members enrolled with an AHCCCS Health Plan, within 12 business days of the member receiving the initial behavioral health covered service; and    

11.2.4 
 Require network providers to have Contractor s Member Handbooks available and easily accessible to members at all provider locations.    

11.2.5 
 Provide, upon request, a copy of the Contractor s Member Handbook to known peer and family advocacy organizations and other human service organizations within the Contractor s assigned geographical service
area.        

11.2.7 
 For SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract, comply with Contract Section on, Member Handbooks, and include within a designated Section in the Member Handbook the Acute Member Handbook
Requirements outlined in ACOM Policy 404, Attachment C.        

11.2.8 
 Inform members of the right to request an updated Member Handbook at no cost on an annual basis in a separate written communication or as part of other written communication, such as in a member newsletter.

11.2.9 
 Include information in the Member Handbook and other printed documents to educate members about the availability and accessibility of covered services and that behavioral health conditions may be treated by the
member s Primary Care Provider (PCP) which includes anxiety, depression and ADHD.        
     
   The Contractor shall:  

11.3.1 
 Develop and distribute, at a minimum, two member newsletters during the Contract year.        

11.3.2 
 At least annually, include the following information in the newsletter that is culturally sensitive, appropriate and relevant. The following types of information are to be contained in the newsletter:    

11.3.2.1 
 Educational information on chronic illnesses and ways to self-manage care;        

11.3.2.2 
 Reminders of flu shots and other illness prevention measures and screenings at appropriate times;        
 
      116  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.3.2.4 
 Tobacco cessation information and referral to the Arizona Smoker s Helpline (ASH Line);        

11.3.2.6 
 Information on the availability of community resources applicable to the population in the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    

11.3.2.7 
 Updates to Contractor s Programs or Business Operations and other information as required by AHCCCS;        

11.3.2.8 
 Information on Contractor s efforts to integrate behavioral and physical health care services and to improve overall member outcomes;    

11.3.2.9 
 The importance of and opportunities to participate in primary and preventive care;        

The Contractor shall:  

11.4.1 
 Conduct activities aimed at changing or maintaining people s behavior for the benefit of individuals and society as a whole. It may include the use of health communication, health education, promotions, incentives,
the use of traditional and new media, and participation or sponsorship of community events. These may be funded through the contractor s non-Medicaid administrative funds, grant funds, or other sources as authorized by the Division.

11.4.2 
 Designate a Health Promotion point of contact who is responsible for implementation and oversight of all health promotion activities.    

11.4.3 
 Develop and submit an annual Health Promotion Plan, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables which includes but is not limited to:        

11.4.3.1 
 A listing of all Health Promotion activities, including sponsorships,        

11.4.3.2 
 A listing of incentive items to be utilized during the contract year, including picture of item, purpose, target population, cost (value of incentive items shall not exceed $15.00), and source,    

11.4.3.3 
 Strategies to engage and inform persons of the availability and accessibility of services as well as strategies to influence behavior change towards healthy lifestyles,    

11.4.3.4 
 Strategies to collect, analyze, track, and trend data to evaluate the effectiveness of health promotion activities, utilizing penetration rates and other quality management performance measures, and    

11.4.3.5 
 Identification of the Health Promotion point of contact.        

11.4.4 
 Coordinate with AHCCCS in promoting Health Promotion initiatives.    
      117  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.4.5 
 Include an approved funding statement on all advertisements, publications, printed materials and Health Promotion materials produced by the Contractor that refer to covered services for Title XIX/XXI members:
 Contract services are funded, in part, under contract with the State of Arizona.         

11.4.6 
 Shall not make, authorize or distribute any inaccurate or misleading assertion or statement, such as the Contractor endorsed by CMS, the Federal or State government or similar entity.    

11.4.7 
 Conform to the requirements of ACOM Policy 425 should the Contractor use Social Networking Platforms for Health Promotion.        

11.4.8 
 Materials must not include words such as  join ,  enroll ,  sign up  or similar verbiage unless approved by AHCCCS. If the Contractor intends to use such language in the materials or
script, the request for approval must explain how the message is related to a social marketing goal.        

11.4.9 
 The following Health Promotion activities are prohibited:        

11.4.9.2 
 Health Promotion used to promote the Contractor brand,        

11.4.9.3 
 Promotional materials, incentives, or any other activity to influence enrollment in conjunction with the sale or offering of any private insurance,    

11.4.9.4 
 Utilization of the word  free  in reference to covered services is prohibited ( at no cost  is acceptable),        

11.4.9.6 
 Non-health related promotional items unless including a health message (e.g. Don t Smoke, Get Your Flu Shot, Crisis Line info),    

11.4.9.7 
 Use of the AHCCCS logo (unless approved in writing by AHCCCS),        

11.4.9.8 
 Inaccurate, misleading, confusing or negative information about AHCCCS or the Contractor and any information that may defraud members or the public,    

The Contractor shall not conduct any marketing activities for the purpose of
increasing membership.  
      118  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

11.6.1 
 Develop and maintain a website that is focused, informational, user-friendly, functional, and provides the information as required in ACOM Policy 416 and ACOM Policy 404.    

11.6.2 
 Submit deliverables in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

11.7  
  Social Networking Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

11.7.1 
 Adhere to the requirements for Social Networking Activities as described in ACOM Policy 425 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

11.7.2 
 Social Networking for purposes of Marketing is prohibited.        
   The Contractor shall:  

11.8.1 
 Provide and participate in outreach activities to inform the public of the benefits and availability of behavioral health services and how to access those services as outlined in ADHS/DBHS Policy on Outreach,
Engagement, Re-engagement and Closure, or its successor.        

11.8.2 
 Provide outreach and dissemination of information to the general public, other human service providers including but not limited to county and state governments, school administrators, first responders, teachers, those
providing services for military veterans and other interested parties about the availability and accessibility of services.        

11.8.3 
 Coordinate with AHCCCS in promoting its outreach initiatives.        

11.9  
  Identification Cards for SMI Members Receiving Physical Health Care Services       The
Contractor shall:      

11.9.1 
 Be responsible for the production, distribution and costs of Medicaid eligible member identification cards for Medicaid eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services and the AHCCCS Notice of Privacy
Practices in accordance with ACOM Policy 433. See also Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

12  
  CULTURAL COMPETENCY         
   The Contractor shall:  

12.1.1 
 Provide covered services in accordance with a member s race, color, creed, gender, religion, age, national origin, including those with limited English proficiency, ancestry, marital status, sexual preference,
genetic information, or physical or intellectual disability, except where medically necessary.        

12.1.2 
 Address members  concerns according to a member s literacy and culture, and require subcontractors do the same.        

12.1.3 
 Provide interpreters and assistance for the visual or hearing- impaired, at no cost for all members when delivering covered services.    
      119  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

12.1.4 
 Provide members and potential members with information to obtain interpreter or language translation assistance at no cost to the member or potential member, 42 CFR 438.10(c)(4).    

12.1.5 
 Prohibit the following practices, at a minimum:        

12.1.5.1 
 Limiting or denial of access to an available facility;        

12.1.5.2 
 Providing to a member any medically necessary, covered service which is different, or is provided in a different manner or at a different time from other members, other public or private recipients of care or the public
at large, except where medically necessary;        

12.1.5.3 
 Segregate or separate treatment to a member; restrict a member in his or her enjoyment of any advantage or privilege offered to others receiving any covered service; and    

12.1.5.4 
 The assignment of times or places for the provision of services on the basis of the race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, sexual preference, income status, AHCCCS membership,
or physical or intellectual disability of the members to be served.        

12.1.6 
 Not knowingly execute a subcontract with a provider with the intent of allowing or permitting the subcontractor to implement barriers to care or that contains terms that act to discourage the full utilization of
services by members.        

12.1.7 
 Promptly intervene and take corrective action if the Contractor identifies a problem involving discrimination by one of its providers.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

12.2.1 
 Create and implement a comprehensive cultural competency program including those with limited English proficiency and diverse cultural backgrounds.    

12.2.2 
 Develop a written Cultural Competency Plan (CCP) that contains the following requirements:        

12.2.3 
 An outcome based format including expected results, measurable outcomes and outputs with a focus on national level priorities and current initiatives in the field of cultural competency;    

12.2.4 
 An effectiveness assessment of current services provided in the assigned Greater Arizona Geographic Service Area that focuses on culturally competent care delivered in the network, as part of outreach services and other
programs, which includes an assessment of timely access, hours of operation and 24 hour, seven days a week availability for all provider and staff types delivering covered services, 42 CFR 438.206(c);    

12.2.5 
 Data-driven and the data sources utilized to determine goals and objectives;        

12.2.6 
 Strategies to deliver services that are culturally competent and linguistically appropriate including methods for evaluating the cultural diversity of members and to assess needs and priorities in order to continually
improve provision of culturally competent care; and        

12.2.7 
 Methods to deliver linguistic and disability-related services by qualified personnel.    
      120  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

12.2.8 
 Provide cultural competency information to members, including notification about Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Prohibition against National Origin Discrimination and Exec. Order No. 13166 (Improving
Access to Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency  http://www.justice.gov/crt/about/cor/Pubs/eolep.php .        

12.2.9 
 Inform subcontractors and providers of the availability and use of interpretation services to assist members who speak a language other than English or who use sign language.    

12.2.10 
 Develop and implement an orientation and training program that includes specific methods to train staff, subcontractors and providers with direct member contact to effectively provide culturally and linguistically
appropriate services to members of all cultures.        

12.2.11 
 Design the orientation and training program for staff based on the relationships and contact they have with culturally diverse providers, members or stakeholders.    

12.2.12 
 Include in its orientation and training program the following mandatory training topics: Cultural Competency standards, National Culturally Linguistically and Appropriate Service Standards (CLAS) and Limited English
Proficiency (LEP). Contractor s orientation and training must be customized for staff based on the relationships and contact they have with culturally diverse providers, members or stakeholders.    

12.2.13 
 Maintain a sufficient number of accessible qualified oral interpreters and bilingual staff, and licensed sign language interpreters to deliver oral interpretation, translation, sign language, disability related
services, provide auxiliary aids and alternative formats.        

12.2.14 
 Monitor and evaluate provider practices and plans for the effective delivery of culturally and linguistically appropriate covered services.    

12.2.15 
 Submit a language services report in accordance with the instructions provided by AHCCCS.        
   The Contractor shall provide translation services as follows:  

12.3.1 
 Translate all member informational materials when a language other than English is spoken by 3,000 individuals or 10%, whichever is less, of members in a geographic area who also have Limited English Proficiency (LEP).

12.3.2 
 Translate all vital materials when a language other than English is spoken by 1,000 or 5%, whichever is less, of members in the assigned geographical service area in Greater Arizona who also have LEP, 42 CFR
438.10(c)(3). Vital materials must include, but are not limited to the following:        

121  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

12.3.2.6 
 Communications requiring a response from the member;        

12.3.2.7 
 Grievance, appeal and request for State fair hearing information, and        

12.3.2.8 
 Written notices informing members of their right to interpretation and translation services.        

12.3.3 
 Oral interpretation services must be available and at no cost to all members and potential members regardless of the prevalence of the language. The Contractor must notify all members and potential members of their
right to access oral interpretation services and how to access them. Refer to ACOM Policy 404, 42 CFR 438.10(c)(4) and (5).        

13  
  GRIEVANCE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS       The Contractor shall have in place a written grievance system process for
subcontractors, enrollees and non-contracted providers, which define their rights regarding disputed matters with the Contractor. The Contractor s grievance system for enrollees includes a grievance process (the procedures for addressing
enrollee grievances), an appeals process and access to the State s fair hearing process as outlined in Exhibit-14, Enrollee Grievance System Standards. The Contractor s dispute process for subcontractors and non-contracted providers
includes a claim dispute process and access to the State s fair hearing process as outlined in Exhibit-15, Provider Claim Dispute Standards. The Contractor shall remain responsible for compliance with all requirements set forth in  Exhibit-14,  Enrollee Grievance System Standards, Exhibit-15 Provider Claim Dispute Standards, and 42 CFR Part 438 Subpart F      
   The Contractor shall:  

13.1.1 
 Implement and administer a grievance system, 42 CFR 438.228 for members, subcontractors and providers which include written processes for the following:    

13.1.2 
 Ensure that the grievance system complies with all applicable requirements in federal and state laws and regulations, AHCCCS  Contractor Operations Manual, AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, ADHS/DBHS Policy and
Procedure Manual, or its successor, and the requirements under this Contract.        

13.1.3 
 Not delegate or subcontract the administration or performance of the Member Grievance, TXIX/XXI Appeal, or Claim Dispute processes.    
      122  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

13.1.4 
 Provide written notification of the Contractor s Grievance System processes to all subcontractor and providers at the time of entering into a subcontract.    

13.1.5 
 Provide written notification with information about Contractor s Grievance System to members in the Member Handbook in conformance with Contract Section on, Member Handbooks.    

13.1.6 
 Provide written notification to members at least 30 days prior to the effective date of a change in a Grievance System policy.        

13.1.7 
 Administer all grievance system processes competently, expeditiously, and equitably for all members, subcontractors, and providers to ensure that member grievances, appeals, and claim disputes are effectively and
efficiently adjudicated and/or resolved.        

13.1.8 
 Continuously review grievance system data to identify trends and opportunities for system improvement; take action to correct identified deficiencies; and otherwise implement modifications which improve grievance system
operations and efficiency.        

13.1.9 
 Comply with the provisions in Contract Section on, Administrative Requirements, which shall include having all professional, paraprofessional, and clerical/administrative resources to represent the Contractor s,
subcontractor s and/or provider s interests for grievance system cases that rise to the level of an administrative or judicial hearing or proceeding, except for a claim dispute. In the event of a claim dispute, the Contractor and the
claimant are responsible to provide the necessary professional, paraprofessional and administrative resources to represent each of its respective interest. Absent written agreement to the contrary, the Contractor shall be responsible for payment of
attorney fees and costs awarded to a claimant in any administrative or judicial proceeding.        

13.1.10 
 Provide AHCCCS with any grievance system information, report or document within the time specified by AHCCCS  request.        

13.1.11 
 Fully cooperate with AHCCCS in the event AHCCCS decides to intervene in, participate in or review any Notice, Member Grievance, Appeal, or Claim Dispute or any other grievance system process or proceeding. Contractor
shall comply with or implement any AHCCCS directive within the time specified pending formal resolution of the issue.        

13.1.12 
 Designate a qualified individual staff person to collaborate with AHCCCS to address provider or member grievance system-related concerns consistent with the requirements of this Contract.    

13.1.13 
 Consider the best clinical interests of the member when addressing provider or member grievance system-related concerns. When such concerns are communicated to designated staff, communicate the concern, at a minimum and
when appropriate, to Contractor s senior management team, AHCCCS leadership, government officials, legislators, or the media.        

13.1.14 
 Require the qualified, designated individual staff person to perform the following activities:        

13.1.14.2 
 Consult with the treatment team, Contractor s CMO or a Care Manager for clinical recommendations when applicable;    
      123  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

13.1.14.3 
 Develop communication strategies in accordance with confidentiality laws; and        

13.1.14.4 
 Develop a written plan to address and resolve the situation to be approved by AHCCCS prior to implementation.        

13.1.15 
 Regularly review grievance system data to identify members that utilize grievance system processes at a significantly higher rate than others.    

13.1.16 
 Conduct a review and take any indicated clinical interventions, revisions to service planning or referrals to Contractor s Care Management Program when the data shows that a particular member is an outlier by
filing repetitive grievances and/or appeals.        

13.1.17 
 Provide reports on the Grievance System as required in the AHCCCS Grievance System Reporting Guide available on the AHCCCS website. See Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

13.2.1 
 Develop and maintain a dedicated department to acknowledge, investigate, and resolve member grievances. The distinct department should be accessible to members, providers and other stakeholders via a designated phone
number that can be accessed directly or by a telephone prompt on the contractor s messaging system.        

13.2.2 
 Respond to and resolve member grievances in a courteous, responsive, effective, and timely manner.        

13.2.3 
 Actively engage and become involved in resolving member grievances in a manner that holds subcontractors and providers accountable for their actions that precipitated or caused the member grievance.    

13.2.4 
 Not engage in conduct to prohibit, discourage or interfere with a member s or a provider s right to assert a member grievance, appeal, claim dispute or use any grievance system process.    

13.2.5 
 Submit response to the resolution of member grievances as directed by AHCCCS.        

13.2.6 
 Provide AHCCCS with a quarterly report summarizing the number of member grievances filed by or on behalf of a Title XIX or Title XXI eligible person determined to have SMI. The report must be categorized by access to
care, medical service provision and Contractor service level. The report shall be submitted as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
   The Contractor shall:  

13.3.1 
 Implement all appeal processes in a manner that offers appellants an opportunity to present an appeal in person at a convenient time and location for the member, and provide the privacy required by law.

13.3.2 
 Require all staff facilitating in-person TXIX/XXI appeal conferences to have training in mediation, conflict resolution or problem solving techniques.    
      124  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

13.4.1 
 Provide subcontractors with the Contractor s Claim Dispute Policy at the time of entering into a subcontract. The Contractor shall provide non-contracted providers with the Contractor s Claim Dispute Policy
with a remittance advice. The Contractor shall send the remittance advice and policy within 45 days of receipt of a claim.        

13.5  
  Grievance System Reporting Requirements         

13.5.1 
 The Contractor shall submit all deliverables related to the Grievance System in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

14  
  CORPORATE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM         
   The Contractor shall be in compliance with [42 CFR 438.608]. The
Contractor must have a mandatory Corporate Compliance Program, supported by other administrative procedures including a Corporate Compliance Plan that is designed to guard against fraud, waste, and abuse.  
 The Contractor shall have written criteria for selecting a Corporate Compliance Officer and the job description clearly outlining the
responsibilities and authority of the position. The Contractor s written Corporate Compliance Plan must adhere to Contract and ACOM Policy 103 and must be submitted annually to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The Corporate
Compliance program shall be designed to both prevent and detect fraud, waste, and abuse.    The Corporate Compliance Program must include:

14.1.1 
 Written policies, procedures, and standards of conduct that articulates the organization s commitment to and processes for complying with all Federal and state rules, regulations, guidelines, and standards;

14.1.2 
 The Corporate Compliance Officer must be an onsite management official who reports directly to the Contractor s top management. Any exceptions must be approved by AHCCCS;    

14.1.3 
 Effective lines of communication between the Corporate Compliance officer and the Contractor s employees;        

14.1.4 
 Enforcement of standards through well-publicized disciplinary guidelines;        

14.1.5 
 Provision for internal monitoring and auditing, as well as provisions for external monitoring and auditing of subcontractors The Contractor shall provide the external auditing schedule and executive summary of all
audits to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables;        

14.1.6 
 Provision for prompt response to problems detected;        

14.1.7 
 The written designation of a Corporate Compliance Committee who is accountable to the Contractor s top management. The Corporate Compliance Committee which shall be made up of, at a minimum, the Corporate
Compliance Officer, a budgetary official and other executive officials with the authority to commit resources. The Corporate Compliance Committee will assist the Corporate Compliance Officer in monitoring, reviewing and assessing the effectiveness
of the Corporate Compliance program and timeliness of reporting;    
      125  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.1.8 
 Pursuant to the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (DRA), Contractors, as a condition for receiving payments shall establish written policies for employees detailing:    

14.1.8.2 
 The administrative remedies for false claims and statements;        

14.1.8.3 
 Any State laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

14.1.9 
 The Contractor must require, through documented policies and subsequent contract amendments, that subcontractors and providers train their staff on the following aspects of the Federal False Claims Act provisions:

14.1.9.1 
 The administrative remedies for false claims and statements;        

14.1.9.2 
 Any State laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

14.1.10 
 The Contractor must establish a process for training existing staff and new hires on the compliance program and on the items above. All training must be conducted in such a manner that can be verified by AHCCCS.

14.1.11 
 The Contractor must notify AHCCCS, DHCM Data Analysis and Research, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, of any CMS compliance issues related to HIPAA transaction and code set complaints or sanctions.

14.2.2 
 The Contractor shall not conduct any investigation or review of the allegations of fraud, waste, or abuse involving the AHCCCS Program. Notification to AHCCCS-OIG shall be in accordance with ACOM Policy 103 and as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

14.2.3 
 The Contractor must also report to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables any credentialing denials including, but not limited to those which are the result of licensure issues, quality of care concerns,
excluded providers, and which are due to alleged fraud, waste or abuse. In accordance with, 42 CFR 455.14, AHCCCS-OIG will then conduct a preliminary investigation to determine if there is sufficient basis to warrant a full investigation. 42 CFR
455.17, 42 CFR 455.1(a)(1).        

14.2.4 
 As stated in A.R.S.  13-2310, incorporated herein by reference, any person who knowingly obtains any benefit by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, promises, or material omissions is guilty of
a Class 2 felony.    
      126  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.2.5 
 The Contractor agrees to permit and cooperate with any onsite review. A review by the AHCCCS-OIG may be conducted without notice and for the purpose of ensuring program compliance.    

14.2.6 
 The Contractor also agrees to respond to electronic, telephonic or written requests for information within the timeframe specified by AHCCCS.    

14.2.7 
 The Contractor agrees to provide documents, including original documents, to representatives of AHCCCS-OIG upon request and at no cost. The AHCCCS-OIG shall allow a reasonable time for the Contractor to copy the
requested documents, not to exceed 20 business days from the date of the AHCCCS-OIG request.        

14.2.8 
 Once the Contractor has referred a case of alleged fraud, waste, or abuse to AHCCCS, the Contractor shall take no action to recoup or otherwise offset any suspected overpayments.    

14.2.9 
 If it is determined by AHCCCS-OIG to not be a fraud, waste, or abuse case, the Contractor shall adhere to the applicable AHCCCS policy manuals for disposition.    

14.2.10 
 In addition, the Contractor must furnish to AHCCCS or CMS, within 35 days of receiving a request, full and complete information, pertaining to business transactions, 42 CFR 455.105:    

14.2.10.1 
 The ownership of any subcontractor with whom the Contractor has had business transactions totaling more than $25,000 during the 12-month period ending on the date of request; and    

14.2.10.2 
 Any significant business transactions between the Contractor, any subcontractor, and wholly owned supplier, or between the Contractor and any subcontractor during the five year period ending on the date of the request.
       
   The Contractor must obtain the following information regarding ownership and control [42 CFR 455.106]: xvi       

14.3.1 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Numbers of any  individual  with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined
direct/indirect ownership interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other obligation secured by the Contractor if that interest equals at least 5% of the value of the
Contractor s assets, is an officer or director of a Contractor organized as a corporation, or is a partner in a Contractor organized as a partnership (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act and 42 CFR
455.100-104.        

14.3.2 
   The Name, Address, and Tax Identification Number of any  corporation  with an ownership or control interest
in the Contractor including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined direct/indirect ownership interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other obligation secured
by the Contractor if that interest equals at least 5% of the value of the Contractor s assets, is an officer or director of a Contractor organized as a corporation, or is a partner in a Contractor organized as a
    
      127  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.3.3 
 Whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the Contractor as a spouse, parent, child,
or sibling; or whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the Contractor has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the
Contractor as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling.        

14.3.5 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Number of any agent and managing employee (including Key Staff) of the Contractor as defined in, 42 CFR 455.101.    

14.3.6 
 The Contractor shall also, with regard to its fiscal agents, obtain the following information regarding ownership and control, 42 CFR 455.104:    

14.3.6.1 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth, and Social Security Numbers of any  individual  with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent.    

14.3.6.2 
 The Name, Address, and Tax Identification Number of any  corporation  with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent. The address for corporate entities must include as applicable primary business
address, every business location, and P.O. Box address.        

14.3.6.3 
 Whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the fiscal agent as a spouse, parent,
child, or sibling; or whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the fiscal agent has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in
the fiscal agent as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling.        

14.4  
  Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes       The Contractor must do the
following:      

14.4.1 
 Confirm the identity and determine the exclusion status of any person with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor, and any person who is an agent or managing employee of the Contractor (including Key Staff),
through routine checks of Federal databases; and    
      128  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.4.2 
 Disclose the identity of any of these excluded persons, including those who have ever been convicted of a criminal offense related to that person s involvement in any program under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Title
XX services program since the inception of those programs.        

14.4.3 
 The Contractor shall, on a monthly basis, confirm the identity and determine the exclusion status through routine checks of:        

14.4.3.2 
 The System for Award Management (SAM) formerly known as The Excluded Parties List (EPLS); and        

14.4.5.1 
 Upon the Contractor submitting the proposal in accordance with the State s procurement process;        

14.4.5.2 
 Upon the Contractor executing the contract with the State;        

14.4.6 
 The results of the  Disclosure of Ownership and Control  and the Disclosure of  Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes  shall be held by the Contractor. Upon renewal or extension of the Contract, the
Contractor shall submit an annual attestation as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, that the information has been obtained and verified by the Contractor, or upon request, provide this information to AHCCCS. Refer to ACOM Policy 103 for further
information. xviii         

14.4.7 
 The Contractor must immediately notify AHCCCS-OIG of any person who has been excluded through these checks in accordance with the, 42 CFR 455.106 (2)(b) and as specified in
 Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.        

14.4.8 
 Federal Financial Participation (FFP) is not available for any amounts paid to a Contractor that could be excluded from participation in Medicare or Medicaid for any of the following reasons: xix         

14.4.8.1 
 The Contractor is controlled by a sanctioned individual;        

14.4.8.2 
 The Contractor has a contractual relationship that provides for the administration, management or provision of medical services, or the establishment of policies, or the provision of operational support for the
administration, management or provision of medical services, either directly or indirectly, with an individual convicted of certain crimes as described in Section 1128(b)(8)(B) of the Social Security Act;    
      129  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.4.8.3 
 The Contractor employs or contracts, directly or indirectly, for the furnishing of health care, utilization review, medical social work, or administrative services, with one of the following:    

14.4.8.3.1 
 Any individual or entity excluded from participation in Federal health care programs;        

14.4.9 
 The Contractor shall require Administrative Services Subcontractors adhere to the requirements outlined above regarding Disclosure of Ownership and Control and Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes as
outlined in, 42 CFR 455.101 through 106, 42 CFR 436 and SMDL09-001. Administrative Services Subcontractors shall disclose to AHCCCS-OIG the identity of any excluded person.    

14.4.10 
 In the event that AHCCCS-OIG, either through a civil monetary penalty or assessment, a global civil settlement or judgment, or any other form of civil action, including recovery of an overpayment, receives a monetary
recovery from an entity, the entirety of such monetary recovery belongs exclusively to AHCCCS and the Contractor has no claim to any portion of this recovery. Furthermore, the Contractor is fully subrogated to AHCCCS for all civil recoveries.

14.4.11 
 In accordance with Section 1128A(a)(6) of the Social Security Act; and 42 CFR section 1003.102(a)(2)(3), civil monetary penalties may be imposed against the Contractor, its subcontractors or providers who employ or
enter into contracts with excluded individuals or entities to provide items or services to Medicaid recipients.        

14.4.12 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished under the plan by any
individual or entity during any period when the individual or entity is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to Sections 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) and (1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(A)) of the Social
Security Act. xx         

14.4.13 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished at the medical direction
or on the prescription of a physician, during the period when such physician is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to section 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) of the Social Security Act and when the person
furnishing such item or service knew, or had reason to know, of the exclusion (after a reasonable time period after reasonable notice has been furnished to the person) (Sections 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(B))of the Social Security Act). xxi          

14.4.14 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished by an individual or
entity to whom the state has failed to suspend payments during any period in which the state has notified the Contractor of a pending investigation of a credible allegation of fraud against the individual or entity, unless the state determines there
is good cause not to suspend such payments (Section 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(C)) of the Social Security Act). xxii     
      130  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15  
  FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT         
   The Contractor shall:  

15.1.1 
 Review for accumulated fund deficits on a quarterly and annual basis. In the event the Contractor has a fund deficit, the Contractor and its owners shall fund the deficit through capital contributions in a form
acceptable to AHCCCS. The capital contributions must be for the period in which the deficit is reported and shall occur within 30 days of the financial statement due to AHCCCS. AHCCCS at its sole discretion may impose a different timeframe other
than the 30 days required in this paragraph. AHCCCS may, at its option, impose sanctions as a result of an accumulated deficit, even if unaudited.        

15.1.2 
 Develop and maintain internal controls and systems to separately account for both AHCCCS-related revenue and expenses and non-AHCCCS-related revenue and expenses by type and program.    

15.1.3 
 Develop and maintain internal controls to prevent and detect fraud, waste and abuse.        

15.1.4 
 Separately account for all funds received under this Contract in conformance with the requirements in the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

15.2.1 
 Establish and maintain a performance bond or bond substitute for as long as the Contractor has liabilities of $50,000 or more outstanding, or 15 months following the termination of this contract, whichever is later to
guarantee payment of the Contractor s obligations to providers, non-contracting providers, non-providers, and other subcontractors, and to satisfy its obligations under this Contract.    

15.2.2 
 Obtain, submit, and maintain a performance bond in a form acceptable to AHCCCS in accordance with ACOM Policy 305. In the event AHCCCS agrees to accept substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in ACOM
Policy 305, the Contractor agrees to execute any and all documents and perform any and all acts necessary to secure and enforce AHCCCS  security interest in such substitute security including, but not limited to, security agreements and
necessary UCC filings pursuant to the Arizona Uniform Commercial Code. The Contractor must request acceptance from AHCCCS when a substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in ACOM Policy 305 is established. In the event such
substitute security is agreed to and accepted by AHCCCS, the Contractor acknowledges that it has granted AHCCCS a security interest in such substitute security to secure performance of its obligations under this Contract. The Contractor is solely
responsible for establishing the credit-worthiness of all forms of substitute security. AHCCCS may, after written notice to the Contractor, withdraw its permission for substitute security, in which case the Contractor shall provide AHCCCS with a
form of security described in ACOM Policy 305.    
      131  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.2.3 
 Not leverage the performance bond as collateral for debt or use the bond as security to creditors. The Contractor shall be in material breach of this Contract if it fails to maintain or renew the performance bond as
required by this Contract.        

15.2.4 
 Maintain a performance bond in an amount, as determined by AHCCCS, at the beginning of each contract cycle. The initial amount of the Performance Bond shall be equal to or greater than 100% of the first monthly payment
expected to be paid to the Contractor in the first month of the contract year, or as determined by AHCCCS. This requirement must be satisfied by the Contractor no later than 30 days after notification by AHCCCS of the amount required. AHCCCS shall
review the adequacy of the Performance Bond on a monthly basis to determine if the Performance Bond must be increased. When the amount of the Performance Bond falls below 90% of the monthly payment then the amount of the instrument must be increased
to at least 100% of the monthly payment. The Contractor shall have 30 days following notification by AHCCCS to increase the amount of the Performance Bond.        

15.2.5 
 Not change the amount, duration, or scope of the Performance Bond without prior written approval from AHCCCS.        

15.2.6 
 Reimburse AHCCCS for expenses exceeding the performance bond amount.      AHCCCS shall:  

15.2.7 
 When Contractor is in breach of any material term of this Contract, in addition to any other remedies it may have herein, obtain payment under the performance bond or performance bond substitute for the following:

15.2.7.1 
 Paying damages sustained by subcontracted providers, non-contracting providers, and non-providers as a result of a breach of Contractor s obligations under this Contract;    

15.2.7.2 
 Reimbursing AHCCCS for any payments made on behalf of the Contractor;        

15.2.7.3 
 Reimbursing AHCCCS for any extraordinary administrative expenses incurred by a Contractor s breach including, expenses incurred after termination of this Contract; and    

15.2.7.4 
 Making any payments or expenditures deemed necessary to AHCCCS, in its sole discretion, incurred by AHCCCS in the direct operation of the RBHA.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

15.3.1 
 Provide clarification of accounting issues found in financial reports identified by AHCCCS upon request.        

15.3.2 
 Provide annual financial reports audited by an independent Certified Public Accountant prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Auditing Standards (GAAS) and the approved cost allocation plan.    

15.3.3 
 Have the annual Statement of Activities and Supplemental Reports audited and signed by an independent Certified Public Accountant attesting usage of the approved cost allocation plan and in accordance with the AHCCCS
Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    
      132  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.3.4 
 Comply with all financial reporting requirements specified in Exhibit 9, Deliverables, and the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors, a copy of which may be found on the AHCCCS website. The required
reports are subject to change during the contract term and are summarized in Exhibit 9, Deliverables.        

15.3.5 
 Except for arrangements where the Contractor delegated or subcontracted the provision of Medicare benefits with another entity that is also responsible for performing those functions for the Contractor s Medicaid
line of business, submit quarterly D-SNP financial statements to AHCCCS. Separate reporting for the BHS line of business will be required. If the D-SNP plan is licensed through the Department of Insurance (DOI) the Contractor shall submit its DOI
quarterly reports to AHCCCS for informational purposes. If the D-SNP plan is certified through AHCCCS the Contractor shall submit the quarterly report using the AHCCCS template.    

15.3.6 
 Prepare deliverables in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in electronic copy form. Where specific guidance is not found in authoritative literature or where multiple acceptable methods to
record accounting transactions are available, the Contractor shall, when directed by AHCCCS, comply with the requirements in conformance with the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    

15.3.7 
 Under the terms and conditions of its CMS grant award, AHCCCS requires periodic reports, encounter data and other information from the Contractor. The submission of late, inaccurate, or otherwise incomplete reports
shall constitute failure to report subject to the penalty provisions described in Contract Section on Sanctions.        

15.3.8.1 
  Timeliness : Reports or other required data shall be received on or before scheduled due dates.        

15.3.8.2 
  Accuracy : Reports or other required data shall be prepared in strict conformity with appropriate authoritative sources and/or AHCCCS defined standards.    

15.3.8.3 
  Completeness : All required information shall be fully disclosed in a manner that is both responsive and pertinent to report intent with no material omissions.    

15.3.9 
 The Contractor shall comply with all reporting requirements contained in this contract. AHCCCS requirements regarding reports, report content and frequency of submission of reports are subject to change at any time
during the term of the contract. The Contractor shall comply with all changes specified by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall be responsible for continued reporting beyond the term of the contract.    

15.4  
  Financial Viability/Performance Standards       The Contractor shall:  

15.4.1 
   Be in material breach of this Contract and subject to financial sanctions, corrective action or other Contract
remedies for failure to comply with the financial viability/performance standards in this Section. AHCCCS will take into     
      133  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

account the Contractor s unique situation when analyzing service expense and administrative ratio results. However, if critical combinations of the Financial Viability/Performance Standards
are not met, or if the Contractor s experience differs significantly from other Contractors, AHCCCS may exercise the remedies under this Contract.        

15.4.2 
 Comply with the financial viability standards, or any revisions or modifications of the standards, in conformance with the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors, Financial Ratios and Standards.

15.4.3 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS  reviews of the ratios and financial viability standards below. The ratios and financial viability standards are as follows:    

15.4.3.1 
 Current Ratio: Current assets divided by current liabilities must be greater than or equal to 1.00. If current assets include a receivable from a parent company or affiliated company, the parent or affiliated company
must have liquid assets that support the amount of the intercompany loan. Other Assets deemed restricted by AHCCCS are excluded from this ratio;        

15.4.3.2 
 Equity per enrolled TXIX/XXI members: Must be greater than or equal to $25 per enrolled person on the last day of the quarter; (Unrestricted equity, less on-balance sheet performance bond, due from affiliates,
guarantees of debts/pledges/assignments and other assets determined to be restricted, divided by the number of enrolled TXIX/XXI members at the end of the period);    

15.4.3.3 
 Administrative Cost Percentage: (Administrative Costs are those expenses associated with the overall management and operation of the Contractor, including, at a minimum: salaries, staff benefits, professional and
outside services, travel, occupancy, depreciation, interpretive service, care management, and all other operating expenses). Total Title XIX/XXI Administrative Expenses divided by total Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be less than or equal to 10%; and

15.4.3.4 
 Medical Expense Ratio: (Medical Expenses do not include taxes): Total Title XIX/XXI Medical Expense divided by total Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be no less than 85.0%.    

15.4.4 
 Continue to deliver services to members for the duration of the period for which the member is enrolled, unless insolvent.        
   The Contractor shall:  

15.5.2 
 Submit a copy of its entity s Form 8963, Report of Health Insurance Provider Information, filed with the IRS to report net premium along with its final fee estimate. In addition, the Contractor shall complete and
submit the Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting Template. Both documents are due to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Refer to AHCCCS  ACOM Policy 320, Attachment A, for a copy of the Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting
Template.        

15.5.3 
 Submit a written statement that no fee is due if the Contractor is not subject to the Health Insurer Fee. Indicate the reason for the exemption.    
      134  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.5.4 
 Submit a copy of its entity s federal and state tax filings via email as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The text of the email should indicate the entity s federal and state tax rates.    

15.5.5 
 Submit its anticipated federal and state tax rates via email by April 30 th  of the year following the fee year, if a filing extension was requested. Once filed,
the Contractor shall submit copies of its federal and state filings within 30 days of filing. Adjustments may occur to a capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements that was previously adjusted for tax liability purposes if the resulting
tax liability is materially different from the anticipated tax rates that were previously reported.        
   AHCCCS shall:  

15.6.1 
 Compensate the Contractor for services provided to Title XIX members during the Prior Period Coverage (PPC) time periods and to Title XIX/XXI members during the prospective time periods through capitation payments as
described and defined within this Contract. Title XXI members are not eligible for PPC services.        

15.6.2 
 Establish the capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements using Actuaries and practices established by the Actuarial Standards Board with the following data for the purposes of rebasing and/or updating the
capitation rates:        

15.6.2.1 
 Utilization and unit cost data derived from adjudicated encounters;        

15.6.2.2 
 Audited and unaudited financial statements reported by the Contractor;        

15.6.2.4 
 AHCCCS fee-for-service schedule pricing adjustments;        

15.6.2.5 
 Programmatic or Medicaid covered service changes that affect reimbursement; and        

15.6.2.6 
 Other changes to behavioral health/medical practices or administrative requirements that affect reimbursement.        

15.6.3 
 Adjust capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements to best match payment to risk in order to further ensure the actuarial basis for the rates. Examples of risk factors that may be included are as follows:

15.6.3.3 
 Risk sharing arrangements for limited or all members.        

15.6.4 
 Limit the amount of expenditures to be used in the capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements setting process and reconciliations to the lesser of the contracted/mandated amount or the Contractor paid amount
for services or pharmaceuticals, in instances in which AHCCCS has specialty contracts or legislation/policy which limits the allowable reimbursement.        

15.6.5 
 Review the information described in this Section with Actuaries in renewal years to determine if adjustments are necessary.    
      135  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.6.6 
 Not include in the data provided to Actuaries for setting capitation rates encounters for Title XIX services billed by an IHS or a tribally owned or operated facility.    

15.6.7 
 Inform the Contractor that AHCCCS Division of Fee For Service Management (DFSM) will reimburse claims for SMI physical health care services that are medically necessary, eligible for 100% federal reimbursement, and are
provided to Title XIX members enrolled with the Contractor by an IHS or a Tribally owned or operated facility and when the member is eligible to receive services at the IHS or a Tribally owned or operated facility. Encounters for Title XIX services
billed by an IHS or a Tribally owned or operated facility will not be accepted by AHCCCS from the Contractor.        

15.6.8 
 In conformance with the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors, reconcile the Contractor s service expenses to service revenue/net capitation paid to the Contractor for dates of service during the
Contract year being reconciled for the behavioral health categories/risk groups: CMDP Child, Non-CMDP Child, DDD Child, DDD Adult, GMH/SA Non-Dual, SMI members not receiving physical health care services under this Contract, SMI members receiving
physical health care services under this Contract for purposes of limiting Contractor s profits and losses to 4%. Any losses in excess of 4% will be reimbursed to the Contractor, and likewise, profits in excess of 4% will be recouped. It is the
intent of AHCCCS that adjudicated encounter data will be used to determine service expenses. The Children population (Non-CMDP Child and CMDP Child) will be separately reconciled from the Adult population (SMI Integrated, SMI Non-Integrated and
GMH/SA Non-Dual). DDD child and DDD Adult will be separately reconciled from all other Title XIX/XXI funding.        

15.6.9 
 Participate in Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) efforts as delineated by ACOM Policy 322 CYE 16 and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables in order to encourage quality improvement by aligning the incentives of the
Contractor and provider through value based purchasing arrangements. Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) is a cornerstone of AHCCCS  strategy to bend the upward trajectory of health care costs. AHCCCS is implementing initiatives to leverage the
managed care model toward value based health care systems where members  experience and population health are improved, per-capita health care cost is limited to the rate of general inflation through aligned incentives with managed care
organization and provider partners, and there is a commitment to continuous quality improvement and learning.        

15.6.10 
 Ensure that members are directed to providers who participate in VBP initiatives and who offer value as determined by measureable outcomes. The Contractor shall submit by October 31, 2015, an Executive Summary
describing its strategies to direct members to valued providers.        

15.6.11 
 Information is reviewed by AHCCCS  actuaries in renewal years to determine if adjustments are necessary. The Contractor may cover services that are not covered under the State Plan or the Arizona Medicaid
Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver Special Terms and Conditions approved by CMS; however, AHCCCS will not consider costs of non-covered services in the development of capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements, 42 CFR 438.6(e)(Section
1903(i) and 1903(i)(17) of the Social Security Act). xxiii         

15.6.12 
   Graduate Medical Education (GME) payments are not included in the capitation rates and Contractor Specific
Requirements but paid out separately, consistent with the terms of Arizona s State Plan. xxiv  Likewise, because AHCCCS does not delegate any of its responsibilities for administering
Electronic Health Record     
      136  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

(EHR) incentive payments to the Contractor, EHR payments are also excluded from the capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements and are paid out separately by AHCCCS pursuant to
Section 4201 of the HITECH Act 42 USC 1396 b(t), and 42 CFR 495.300 et seq. xxv         
   AHCCCS shall:  

15.7.1 
 Except for changes made specifically in accordance with this Contract, not renegotiate or modify the rates set forth in Exhibit-11.        

15.7.2 
 Have discretion to review the effect of program changes, legislative requirements, Contractor experience, actuarial assumptions, and/or Contractor specific capitation factors to determine if a capitation adjustment is
needed. In these instances the adjustment and assumptions will be discussed with the Contractor prior to modifying capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements.    

15.7.3 
 Consider the Contractor s request for a review of a program change when Contractor alleges the program change was not equitable; AHCCCS will not unreasonably withhold such a review.    

15.7.4 
 Have the discretion to adjust the amount of payment in addition to other available remedies if the Contractor fails to comply with any term or is in any manner in default in the performance of any obligation under this
Contract until there is satisfactory resolution of the noncompliance or default.        

15.7.5 
 Have the discretion to deduct from a future monthly capitation or additionally reimburse the Contractor, as appropriate, for any month during which the Contractor was not at risk. Examples are as follows:

15.7.5.4 
 Adjustment based on change in a member s behavioral health category and/or risk group; and        

15.7.6 
 Have the discretion to modify its policy on capitation recoupments at any time during the term of this Contract.        

15.7.7 
 Make a retroactive capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements adjustment, if applicable, to approximate the cost associated with the Health Insurer Assessment Fee (Assessment Fee), subject to the receipt of
documentation from the Contractor regarding the amount of the Contractor s liability for the Assessment Fee. Section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor, if applicable, pay an
Assessment Fee annually beginning in 2014 based on its respective market share of premium revenues from the preceding year. The cost of the Assessment Fee will include both the Assessment Fee itself and the corporate income tax liability the
Contractor incurs related to the Assessment Fee. See ACOM Policy 320 for further details.    
      137  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The Contractor shall:  

15.7.8 
 Notify AHCCCS of program and/or expenditure changes initiated by the Contractor during the contract period that may result in material changes to the current or future capitation rates and Contractor Specific
Requirements.        

15.7.9 
 If the Contractor intends to purchase reinsurance, the Contractor shall submit the details of such proposed reinsurance to AHCCCS for informational purposes only prior to its projected effective date.    

15.7.10 
 Notify AHCCCS for an eligibility determination upon learning that a member is or may be an inmate of a public institution. Notifications must be sent via email to one of the following two email addresses as applicable:
       
    DMSJUVENILEIncarceration@azahcccs.gov .
     
    DMSADULTIncarceration@azahcccs.gov .  

15.7.12 
 Not report members incarcerated with the Arizona Department of Corrections.        

15.7.13 
 Be subject to recoupment if a member is enrolled twice with the same Contractor as soon as the double capitation is identified.        

15.7.14 
 Note that several counties are submitting daily files of all inmates entering their jail and all inmates released. AHCCCS will match these files against the database of active AHCCCS members. Title XIX/XXI members who
become incarcerated will be placed in a  no-pay  status for the duration of their incarceration. The Contractor will see the  IE  code for ineligible associated with the disenrollment. Upon release from jail, the member will be
re-enrolled with Contractor. A member is eligible for covered services until the effective date of the member s  no-pay  status.        

15.7.15 
 Utilize the AHCCCS transaction updates as identified below:        

15.7.15.1 
 A monthly capitation transaction file for the SMI members receiving Physical Health care services under this Contract will be produced to provide the Contractor with member-level capitation payment information
representing the monthly prospective capitation payment and changes to the previous month s prospective capitation payment resulting from enrollment changes that occur after the previous monthly file is produced. This file will identify mass
adjustments to and/or manual capitation payments that occurred at AHCCCS after the monthly file is produced.    
      138  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   AHCCCS shall:  

15.8.1 
 Subject to the availability of funds, make payments to the Contractor in accordance with the terms of this contract provided that the Contractor s performance is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this
contract. Payment must comply with requirements of A.R.S. Title 36. AHCCCS reserves the option to make payments to the Contractor by wire or National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA) transfer and will provide the Contractor at least 30
days  notice prior to the effective date of any such change.        

15.8.2 
 Where payments are made by electronic funds transfer, AHCCCS shall not be liable for any error or delay in transfer or indirect or consequential damages arising from the use of the electronic funds transfer process. Any
charges or expenses imposed by the bank for transfers or related actions shall be borne by the Contractor.        

15.8.3 
 Except for adjustments made to correct errors in payment, and as otherwise specified in this contract, any savings remaining to the Contractor as a result of favorable claims experience and efficiencies in service
delivery at the end of the contract term may be kept by the Contractor.        

15.8.4 
 Except for monies received from the collection of third-party liabilities, the only source of payment to the Contractor for the services provided hereunder is from funds under the control of AHCCCS. An error discovered
by the State, in the amount of fees paid to the Contractor, with or without an audit, will be subject to adjustment or repayment by AHCCCS via a recoupment from future payment(s) to the Contractor, or by making an additional payment to the
Contractor. When the Contractor identifies an overpayment, AHCCCS must be notified and reimbursed within 30 days of identification.        

15.8.5 
 No payment due the Contractor by AHCCCS may be assigned or pledged by the Contractor. This section shall not prohibit AHCCCS at its sole option from making payment to a fiscal agent hired by the Contractor.
     The Contractor shall:      

15.8.6 
 Notify and reimburse AHCCCS within 30 days of when the Contractor identifies an overpayment by AHCCCS.        

15.8.7 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) with respect to any amount expended
for which funds may not be used under the Assisted Suicide Funding Restriction Act of 1997. (1903(i) final sentence and 1903(i)(16) of the Social Security Act. xxvi     
 Cost Settlement for Primary Care Payment Parity:      

15.8.8 
   The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor make enhanced payments for
primary care services delivered by, or under the supervision of, a physician with a specialty designation of family medicine, general internal medicine, or pediatric medicine. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR 447.400(a)] The
Contractor shall base enhanced primary care payments on the Medicare Part B fee schedule rate or, if greater, the payment rate that would be applicable in 2013 and 2014 using the CY 2009 Medicare physician fee schedule conversion factor. If no
applicable rate is established by Medicare, the Contractor shall use the rate specified in a fee schedule established by CMS. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi), 42 CFR 447.405] The Contractor shall make enhanced primary care payments
for all Medicaid-covered Evaluation and Management (E M) billing codes 99201     
      139  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.8.9 
 In the event that a provider retroactively loses his/her qualification for enhanced payments, the Contractor shall identify impacted claims and automatically reprocess for the recoupment of enhanced payments. It is
expected that this reprocessing will be conducted by the Contractor without requirement of further action by the provider.        

15.8.10 
 AHCCCS will make quarterly cost-settlement payments to the Contractor. The cost-settlement payment is a separate payment arrangement from the capitation payment.(CMS Medicaid Managed Care Payment for PCP Services in
2013 and 2014: Technical Guide and Rate Setting Practices) Cost Settlement payments will be based upon adjudicated/approved encounter data. xxviii  This data will provide the necessary documentation
to ensure that primary care enhanced payments were made to network providers. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi)(B)]. xxix     

15.8.11 
 The Contractor will be required to refund payments to AHCCCS for any reduced claim payments in the event that a provider is subsequently  decertified  for enhanced payments due to audit or other reasons.

The Contractor shall:  

15.9.1 
 Demonstrate a commitment to the local communities in which it operates through community reinvestment activities including contributing 6% of its annual profits to community reinvestment; and    

15.9.2 
 Regularly obtain community input on local and regional needs prior to enacted community investment activities.        

15.9.3 
 Submit an annual Community Reinvestment Report as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
   The Contractor s claims processes, as well as its prior authorization
and concurrent review process, must minimize the likelihood of having to recoup already-paid claims.      

15.10.1 
 Any individual recoupment in excess of $50,000 per provider, or Tax Identification Number (TIN) within a contract year or greater than 12 months after the date of the original payment must be approved as specified in
Exhibit-9, and as further described in ACOM Policy 412.    
      140  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.10.2 
 Upon submission of a request for approval, AHCCCS will respond within 30 days of the recoupment request.        

15.10.3 
 When recoupment amounts for a Provider (TIN) cumulatively exceed $50,000 during a contract year (based on recoupment date), the Contractor must report the cumulative recoupment monthly to the designated AHCCCS
Operations and Compliance Officer as outlined in the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

15.10.4 
 The Contractor must void encounters for claims that are recouped in full. For recoupments that result in a reduced claim value or adjustments that result in an increased claim value, replacement encounters must be
submitted. AHCCCS may validate the submission of applicable voids and replacement encounters upon completion of any approved recoupment that meets the qualifications of this section. All replaced or voided encounters must reach adjudicated status
within 120 days of the approval of the recoupment. The Contractor should refer to ACOM Policy 412 and the AHCCCS Encounter Manual for further guidance.        

15.11  
  Financial Responsibility for Referrals and Coordination with Acute Health Plans and the Courts     
 The Contractor shall:      

15.11.1 
 Comply with ACOM Policy 432, Benefit Coordination and Fiscal Responsibility for Behavioral Health Services and Physical Health Services Provided to Members Enrolled in the Acute Care Services Program.    

15.11.2 
  Court Ordered Evaluation and Treatment:  The Contractor shall develop collaborative processes with the counties to ensure coordination of care, information sharing and timely access to Title 36 screening,
evaluation and treatment services. Reimbursement for court ordered screening and evaluation services are the responsibility of the County pursuant to A.R.S.  36-545. However, the Contractor may contract with counties for the provision of court
ordered screening and evaluation services. Refer to ACOM Policy 437 for clarification regarding financial responsibility for the provision of medically necessary behavioral health services rendered after the completion of a court ordered evaluation,
and ACOM Policy 423 for clarification regarding the financial responsibility for the provision of specific mental health treatment/care when such treatment is ordered as a result of a judicial ruling. For additional information regarding behavioral
health services refer to Title 9 Chapter 22 Articles 2 and 12.        

15.11.3 
 The Contractor shall develop policies that outline its role and responsibility related to the treatment of individuals who are unable or unwilling to consent to treatment. The policy must be submitted for review as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The policy must address:        

15.11.3.2 
 Court ordered process, including tracking the status of court orders        

15.11.4 
 Ensure initiation of follow-up activities for individuals for whom a crisis service has been provided as the first service to ensure engagement with ongoing services as clinically indicated.    

15.11.5 
 The Contractor s responsibility for payment of behavioral health services includes per diem claims for inpatient hospital services, when the principal diagnosis on the hospital claim is a behavioral health
diagnosis. The hospital claim, which may include both behavioral health and physical health services, will be paid by the Contractor at the per diem inpatient behavioral health rate prescribed by AHCCCS and described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61. For more
detailed information about Contractor payment responsibility for physical health services that may be provided to members who are also receiving behavioral health services refer to ACOM Policy 432.    
      141  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.12  
  Advances, Equity Distributions, Loans, and Investments       The Contractor shall not,
without the prior approval of AHCCCS:      

15.12.2 
 Make any advances, equity distributions, loans, loan guarantees, or investments, including, but not limited to those to related parties or affiliates including another fund or line of business within its organization.

15.12.3 
 All requests for prior approval are to be submitted to the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Refer to ACOM Policy 418 for further information.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

15.13.1 
 Have the discretion to allow AHCCCS registered providers only to charge Medicaid eligible members for services that are excluded from AHCCCS coverage or that are provided in excess of AHCCCS limits in accordance with
A.A.C R9-22-702.        

15.13.2 
 Not hold Title XIX/XXI members liable for payment for covered services provided to the member except as permitted under A.A.C R9-22-702.    

15.13.3.2 
 Payments to the Contractor or any subcontractors for covered services furnished under a contract, referral or other arrangement, to the extent that those payments are in excess of the amount the member would owe if the
Contractor or any subcontractor provided the services directly, 42 CFR 438.106(c).        

15.14  
  Medicare Services and Cost Sharing Requirements       AHCCCS has members enrolled who are
eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. These members are referred to as  dual eligibles . Generally, Contractors are responsible for payment of Medicare coinsurance and/or deductibles for covered services provided to dual eligible
members within the Contractor s network. However, there are different cost-sharing responsibilities that apply to dual eligible members based on a variety of factors. Unless prior approval is obtained from AHCCCS, the Contractor must limit
their cost sharing responsibility according to ACOM Policy 201. Contractors shall have no cost sharing obligation if the Medicare payment exceeds what the Contractor would have paid for the same  
      142  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
service of a non-Medicare member. Please refer to Exhibit-3 for information related to D-SNPs and refer to Contract Section on, Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members, for information
related to the coordination of care for Duals.    The Contractor will contract with CMS to be a Medicare Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan
(D-SNP) or offer a D-SNP product through one of the equity partners in the organization.    For all dual eligible members, the Contractor
shall:      

15.14.1 
 Pay most Medicare coinsurance and/or deductibles for covered services provided to dual eligible members.        

15.14.3 
 Comply with ACOM Policy 201. When a dual member is in a medical institution and that stay is funded by Medicaid for a full calendar month, the dual member is not required to pay copayments for their Medicare covered
prescription medications for the remainder of the calendar year. To ensure appropriate information is communicated for these members to CMS, the Contractor must notify AHCCCS pursuant to ACOM Policy 201 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.

15.14.4 
 For individuals determined to be SMI and who are enrolled in an RBHA the RBHA shall provide seamless conversion enrollment of newly Medicare eligible individuals who are currently enrolled with the RBHA for Medicaid
only, into the companion D-SNP, subject to CMS approval. This directive is based on CMS guidance provided in the Medicare Managed Care Manual, Chapter 2, Section 40.1.4 and will include individuals who have aged-in to Medicare as well as those
qualified for Medicare upon the completion of the 24 month waiting period due to a disability. AHCCCS will pursue CMS guidance on seamless conversion for the RBHAs  equity D-SNP.    

15.14.5 
  The Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA)  created a prescription drug benefit called Medicare Part D for individuals who are eligible for Medicare Part A and/or enrolled in Medicare Part B. AHCCCS does not
cover prescription drugs that are covered under Part D for dual eligible members. AHCCCS will not cover prescription drugs for this population whether or not they are enrolled in Medicare Part D.    
 For Medicare Part D the Contractor shall:      

15.14.6 
 Be reimbursed as part of its capitation for prescription medication ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist subject to
limitations related to prescription supply amounts, and the Contractor s prior authorization requirements if they are excluded from Medicare Part D coverage;    

15.14.7 
 Not be reimbursed for those Medications covered by Part D, but not on a specific Part D Health Plan s formulary. These medications are not considered excluded drugs and will not be covered by AHCCCS. This applies
to members that are enrolled in Medicare Part D or are eligible for Medicare Part D;        

15.14.8 
 Not require a dual eligible member to pay copayments for Medicare covered prescription medications for the remainder of the calendar year when the member has been in a medical institution funded by Medicaid for a full
calendar month.        
   The RBHA must establish branding for its companion D-SNP that ensures it
is easily identifiable to members and providers as an integrated plan for both Medicare and Medicaid.  
      143  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

15.15.1 
 Satisfy the initial capitalization amount equal to $5 million in the Northern Region and $10 million in the Southern Region by submitting proof of having secured the initial capitalization amount. If the Contractor is
relying on another organization to meet the initial capitalization requirement, submit the most current audited financial statement of the other organization and write a certification, signed and dated by the President or CEO of the other
organization, with a statement of its intent to provide the initial capitalization amount to the Contractor, without restriction, within the time frames required in this Contract.    

15.15.2 
 Have no more than 50% of the initial capitalization requirement satisfied with an irrevocable Letter of Credit issued by one of the following:    

15.15.2.1 
 A bank doing business in this state and insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;        

15.15.2.2 
 A savings and loan association doing business in this state and insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation; and        

15.15.2.3 
 A credit union doing business in Arizona and insured by the National Credit Union Administration.        

15.15.3 
 Demonstrate the initial unencumbered capitalization amount on or before the Contract Performance Start Date through a contractors  balance sheet or bank statement.    

15.15.4 
 Make security funds available to AHCCCS upon default or nonperformance.        

15.15.5 
 Demonstrate the maintenance of minimum capitalization (net assets/equity) requirement equal to 90% of the monthly payments to the Contractor by the end of first Contract period and through the remainder of the Contract
term.        

15.15.6.1 
 At any time in first Contract Period, the maintenance of minimum capitalization requirement shall never fall below the initial capitalization requirement;    

15.15.6.2 
 Maintain the capitalization requirement; in addition to the requirements in the Contract Section on, Performance Bond; and        

15.15.6.3 
 May apply the initial capitalization and maintenance of minimum capitalization requirement toward meeting the ongoing equity per member requirement and for its operations in conformance with ACOM Policy 305 and the
AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.        

15.16  
  Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements         

15.16.1 
   AHCCCS is the payor of last resort unless specifically prohibited by applicable State or Federal law. This means
AHCCCS shall be used as a source of     
      144  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

payment for covered services only after all other sources of payment have been exhausted. The Contractor shall take reasonable measures to identify potentially legally liable third party sources.

15.16.2 
 If the Contractor discovers the probable existence of a liable third party that is not known to AHCCCS, or identifies any change in coverage, the Contractor must report the information within 10 days of discovery, as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor with a file of all other coverage information, for the purpose of
updating the Contractor s files, as described in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines.        

15.16.3 
 The Contractor shall coordinate benefits in accordance with 42 CFR 433.135 et seq., A.R.S.  36-2903, and A.A.C. R9-22-1001 et seq., so that costs for services otherwise payable by the Contractor are cost avoided or
recovered from a liable third party [42 CFR 434.6(a)(9)]. The term  State  shall be interpreted to mean AHCCCS for purposes of complying with the Federal regulations referenced above. The Contractor may require subcontractors to be
responsible for coordination of benefits for services provided pursuant to this contract. The two methods used for coordination of benefits are cost avoidance and post-payment recovery. The Contractor shall use these methods as described in A.A.C.
R9-22-1001 et seq., Federal and State law, and AHCCCS Policy.        
   The Contractor shall take reasonable measures to determine all legally liable
parties. This refers to any individual, entity or program that is or may be liable to pay all or part of the expenditures for covered services. The Contractor shall cost avoid a claim if it has established the probable existence of a liable party at
the time the claim is filed. For purposes of cost avoidance, establishing liability takes place when the Contractor receives confirmation that another party is, by statute, contract, or agreement, legally responsible for the payment of a claim for a
healthcare item or service delivered to a member. If the probable existence of a party s liability cannot be established, the Contractor must adjudicate the claim. The Contractor must then utilize post-payment recovery which is described in
further detail below. If AHCCCS determines that the Contractor is not actively engaged in cost avoidance activities, the Contractor shall be subject to sanctions.  
 If a third party insurer other than Medicare requires the member to pay any copayment, coinsurance or deductible, the Contractor is
responsible for making these payments in accordance with ACOM Policy 434.    Claims for inpatient stay for labor, delivery and postpartum
care, including professional fees when there is no global OB package, must be cost avoided, 42 CFR 433.139.      

15.16.5.1 
 The Contractor shall not deny a claim for timeliness if the untimely claim submission results from a provider s efforts to determine the extent of liability.    

15.16.7.1 
 Members under 21 years of age who are determined to have a qualifying CRS condition will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor.    
      145  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Members with private insurance or Medicare may use their private insurance or Medicare provider networks to obtain services including those for the CRS condition. The CRS Contractor is
responsible for payment for services provided to its enrolled members according to CRS coverage type. See ACOM Policy 426 for CRS Contractor coverage responsibilities and coordination of benefits. If the member has Medicare coverage, ACOM Policy 201
shall apply.        

15.16.9 
 The Contractor shall pay the full amount of the claim according to the AHCCCS Capped-Fee-For-Service Schedule or the contracted rate and then seek reimbursement from any third party if the claim is for the following:

15.16.9.1 
 Prenatal care for pregnant women, including services which are part of a global OB Package;        

15.16.9.2 
 Preventive pediatric services, including Early and Periodic Screening Diagnosis and Treatment (EPSDT) and administration of vaccines to children under the Vaccines for Children (VFC) program;    

15.16.9.3 
 Services covered by third party liability that are derived from an absent parent whose obligation to pay support is being enforced by the Division of Child Support Enforcement; or    

15.16.9.4 
 Services for which the Contractor fails to establish the existence of a liable third party at the time the claim is filed.        
   The Contractor shall identify the existence of
potentially liable parties using a variety of methods, including referrals, and data mining through the use of trauma code edits and utilizing the codes provided by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall not pursue recovery in the following circumstances,
unless the case has been referred to the Contractor by AHCCCS or AHCCCS  authorized representative:      

Upon identification of a potentially liable third party for
any of the above situations, the Contractor shall, within 10 business days, report the potentially liable third party to AHCCCS  TPL Contractor for determination of a mass tort, total plan case, or joint case, as specified in Exhibit-9,
Deliverables. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions. A mass tort case is a case where multiple plaintiffs or a class of plaintiffs have filed a lawsuit against the same tort
feasor(s) to recover damages arising from the same or similar set of circumstances (e.g. class action lawsuits) regardless of whether any reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payments are involved. A total plan case is a case where payments for services
rendered to the member are exclusively the responsibility of the Contractor; no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payments are involved. By contrast, a  
      146  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
 joint  case is one where Fee-For-Service payments and/or reinsurance payments are involved. The Contractor shall cooperate with AHCCCS  authorized representative in all collection
efforts.      

15.16.12 
 All TPL reporting requirements are subject to validation through periodic audits and/or operational reviews which may include Contractor submission of an electronic extract of the casualty cases, including open and
closed cases. Data elements may include, but are not limited to: the member s first and last name; AHCCCS ID; date of incident; claimed amount; paid/recovered amount; and case status. The AHCCCS TPL Section shall provide the format and
reporting schedule for this information to the Contractor.        

15.16.13 
 Upon termination of this contract, the Contractor will complete the existing third party liability cases or make any necessary arrangements to transfer the cases to AHCCCS  authorized TPL representative.
       
   Eligibility for KidsCare and BCCTP benefits require that the
applicant/member not be enrolled with any other creditable health insurance plan. If the Contractor becomes aware of any such coverage, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS immediately. AHCCCS will determine if the other insurance meets the creditable
coverage definition in A.R.S.  36-2982(G).      
   The Contractor shall submit quarterly reports regarding cost
avoidance/recovery activities, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The report shall be submitted in a format as specified in the AHCCCS Program Integrity Reporting Guide.  
   
   Post-payment recovery is necessary in cases where
the Contractor has not established the probable existence of a liable third party at the time services were rendered or paid for, was unable to cost-avoid, or post-payment recovery is required. In these instances, the Contractor must adjudicate the
claim and then utilize post-payment recovery processes which include: Pay and Chase, Retroactive Recoveries Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources, and other third party liability recoveries. Refer to ACOM Policy 434 for further guidance.  
   
   Retroactive Recoveries Involving Commercial Insurance Payor
Sources:      

15.18.1 
 For a period of two years from the date of service, the Contractor shall engage in retroactive third party recovery efforts for claims paid to determine if there are commercial insurance payor sources that were not
known at the time of payment. In the event a commercial insurance payor source is identified, the Contractor must seek recovery from the commercial insurance. The Contractor is prohibited from recouping related payments from providers, requiring
providers to take action, or requiring the involvement of providers in any way.        

15.18.2 
 The Contractor has two years from the date of service to recover payments for a particular claim, or to identify claims having a reasonable expectation of recovery. A reasonable expectation of recovery is established
when the Contractor has affirmatively identified a commercial insurance payor source and has begun the process of recovering payment. If AHCCCS determines that a Contractor is tagging claims that do not meet these requirements, AHCCCS may impose
sanctions. After two years from the date of service, AHCCCS will direct recovery efforts for any claims not tagged by the Contractor.    
      147  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.18.3 
 AHCCCS will direct recovery efforts for retroactive recovery of claims not previously identified by the Contractor as having a reasonable expectation of recovery. Any recoveries obtained by AHCCCS through its recovery
efforts will be retained exclusively by AHCCCS and will not be shared with the Contractor.        

15.18.5 
 See ACOM Policy 434 for details regarding encounter adjustments as a result of retroactive recoveries and the processes for identifying claims that have a reasonable expectation of recovery.    
   
   In  total plan  cases, the Contractor is
responsible for performing all research, investigation, the mandatory filing of initial liens on cases that exceed $250, lien amendments, lien releases, and payment of other related costs in accordance with A.R.S.  36-2915 and A.R.S.
 36-2916. The Contractor shall use the AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery correspondence when filing liens and when corresponding to others in regard to casualty recovery. The Contractor may retain up to 100% of its recovery collections if all
of the following conditions exist:      

15.19.1 
 Total collections received do not exceed the total amount of the Contractor s financial liability for the member;        

15.19.2 
 There are no payments made by AHCCCS related to Fee-For-Service, reinsurance or administrative costs (i.e., lien filing, etc.); and,    

15.19.3 
 Such recovery is not prohibited by State or Federal law.      Prior to negotiating a settlement on
a total plan case, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS or AHCCCS  authorized TPL Contractor to ensure that there is no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payment that has been made by AHCCCS. Failure to report these cases prior to negotiating a
settlement amount may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions.    The Contractor shall report settlement
information to AHCCCS, utilizing the AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery Settlement Notification Form, within 10 business days from the settlement date or in an AHCCCS-approved monthly file, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Failure to report
these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions.     Joint and Mass Tort Cases:   

15.19.4 
 AHCCCS  authorized representative is responsible for performing all research, investigation and payment of lien-related costs, subsequent to the referral of any and all relevant case information to AHCCCS 
authorized representative by the Contractor.        

15.19.5 
 In joint and mass tort cases, AHCCCS  authorized representative is also responsible for negotiating and acting in the best interest of all parties to obtain a reasonable settlement and may compromise a settlement
in order to maximize overall reimbursement, net of legal and other costs.        

15.19.6 
 The Contractor will be responsible for their prorated share of the contingency fee. The Contractor s share of the contingency fee will be deducted from the settlement proceeds prior to AHCCCS remitting the
settlement to the Contractor.    
      148  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

15.20.1 
 Comply with any limitations imposed by AHCCCS on the Contractor s Block Payment arrangements in subcontracts for certain types of providers. See the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.

16  
  PROVIDER AGREEMENT REIMBURSEMENT         

16.1  
  Physician Incentive Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

16.1.1 
 Comply with all applicable physician incentive requirements and conditions, defined in, 42 CFR 417.479. These regulations prohibit physician incentive plans that directly or indirectly make payments to a doctor or a
group as an inducement to limit or refuse medically necessary services to a member The reporting requirements under, 42 CFR 417.479 have been suspended. No reporting to CMS is required until the suspension is lifted.    

16.1.2 
 Disclose to AHCCCS the information on physician incentive plans listed in, 42 CFR 417.479 (h) (1) through 417.479 (i) upon request from AHCCCS or CMS and to AHCCCS members who request them. AHCCCS shall
also review the Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) deliverables required under Contract Section on, Compensation, and may request supplemental information from the Contractor in fulfillment of the requirements in, 42 CFR 417.479 (h) (1) through
417.479 (i).        

16.1.3 
 Not enter into contractual arrangements that place providers at substantial financial risk as defined in, 42 CFR 417.479 unless specifically approved in advance by the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. In
order to obtain approval when the contractual arrangements meet the definition of substantial financial risk, the following must be submitted to the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management 45 days prior to the implementation of the contract as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, 42 CFR 438.6(g):        

16.1.3.4 
 A summary of the compensation arrangement that meets the substantial financial risk definition; and        

16.1.4 
 Any Contractor-selected and/or developed pay for performance initiative that meets the requirements of, 42 CFR 417.479 must be approved by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management prior to implementation as specified
in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
 
      149  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

16.2  
  Nursing Facility Reimbursement       For SMI members receiving physical health care services,
the Contractor shall:      

16.2.1 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services.        

16.2.2 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services for a enrolled member with a pending ALTCS application who is currently residing in a nursing facility and is eligible for services provided under this contract. If
the member becomes ALTCS eligible and is enrolled with an ALTCS Contractor before the end of the maximum 90 days per contract year of nursing facility coverage, the Contractor is only responsible for nursing facility reimbursement during the time
the member is enrolled with the Contractor as shown in the PMMIS. Nursing facility services covered by another liable party (including Medicare) while the member is enrolled with the Contractor, shall be applied to the 90 day per contract year
limitation.        

16.2.3 
 The Contractor shall not deny nursing facility services when the member s eligibility, including prior period coverage, had not been posted at the time of admission. In such situations the Contractor shall impose
reasonable authorization requirements. There is no ALTCS enrollment, including prior period coverage that occurs concurrently with AHCCCS acute enrollment.        

16.2.4 
 Notify the Assistant Director of the Division of Member Services when a member has been residing in a nursing facility, alternative residential facility or receiving home and community based services for 45 days as
specified in the Scope of Work, under the heading  Nursing Facility . This will allow AHCCCS time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS application and to consider potential Fee-For-Service coverage if the stay goes beyond the 90 day per
contract year maximum.        

17  
  INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND DATA EXCHANGE REQUIREMENTS         
   AHCCCS supports new and evolving technologies to create efficiencies; improve
the quality of care and which lead to better health care outcomes while containing costs. Examples of such technologies, supported, in part, by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) include the use of health
information technology in the electronic health records (EHRs), e-prescribing and a Health Information Exchange (HIE) infrastructure. Expanding technological capability is expected to reduce total spending on health care by diminishing the number of
inappropriate tests, duplicate procedures, paperwork and administrative overhead, which will result in fewer adverse events. The use of health information technology for health care service delivery and health care management is critical to the
effectiveness of the overall behavioral and physical health care system.      
    Contractor Data Exchange : Before a Contractor may
exchange data with AHCCCS, certain agreements, authorizations and control documents are required. The Contractor must have completed and submitted the EDI Trading Partner Agreement in order to exchange data with AHCCCS.  
 Each Contractor is assigned a Transmission Submitter Number (TSN) for encounter submissions. The Contractor may elect to obtain additional TSNs
based upon processing or tracking needs.    The Contractor shall:      

17.2.1 
 Demonstrate full compliance and functional operability with all requirements in this Section by contract performance start date and throughout the terms of this Contract.    
      150  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.2.2 
 Ensure that the information so recorded and submitted to AHCCCS is in accordance with all procedures, policies, rules, regulations or statutes during the term of this Contract.    

17.2.3 
 Agree to conform to changes of all procedures, policies, rules, regulations or statutes following notification by AHCCCS.        

17.2.4 
 Comply with the Administrative Simplification requirements of Subpart F of the HIPAA of 1996 (P.L. 107-191, 110 Statutes 1936) and all federal regulations implementing that Subpart that are applicable to the operations
of the Contractor by the dates required in those federal regulations as well as all requirements and regulations subsequently enacted.        

17.2.5 
 Actively disseminate information to educate and support providers to adopt and expand the use of health information technology.        

17.2.6 
 Incentivize providers utilizing electronic health records to implement  meaningful use  health information technology as a standard of doing business with AHCCCS and other system partners.    

17.2.7 
 Not be reimbursed beyond the standard administrative payment for any additional costs of software or hardware changes, revisions or upgrades.    

17.2.8 
 Provide attestation at the time of submission that any data transmitted is accurate, complete and truthful, to the best of the Contractor s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) or
designee s knowledge in conformance with the AHCCCS HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides   Trading Partner Agreements, and the AHCCCS Encounter Manual (42 CFR.438.606).    

17.2.9 
 Require subcontracted providers to utilize electronic transactions to ensure inter-operability and transmission compatibility across the various providers  management information systems.    

17.2.10 
 Make available all components of its MIS system for review or audit upon request by AHCCCS. The Contractor s MIS or any component thereof is subject to AHCCCS approval if AHCCCS determines that the system cannot be
sustained or is unable to comply with the requirements of this Contract.        

17.2.11 
 Develop and maintain security precautions for email transmission in accordance with HIPAA and consistent with AHCCCS  systems and encryption methods. Security precautions shall be compatible with Secure Sockets
Layer (SSL) encryption for File Transfer Protocol (FTP) and Global Certs Gateway for secure e-mail.        

17.2.12 
 Have a current antivirus patch system process for security updates and a log to record the updates.        

17.2.13 
 Data Security: Have a security audit performed by an independent third party on an annual basis.        

17.2.14 
 The annual audit report must be submitted to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

17.2.15 
 The audit must include, at a minimum, a review of Contractor compliance with all security requirements as outlined in the AHCCCS Security Rule Compliance Summary Checklist, as specified in ACOM Policy 108. In addition,
the audit must include a review of Contractor policies and procedures to verify that appropriate security requirements have been adequately incorporated into the Contractor s business practices, and the production processing systems.
   
      151  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.2.16 
 The audit must result in a findings report and as necessary a corrective action plan, detailing all issues and discrepancies between the security requirements and the Contractor s policies, practices and systems.
The corrective action plan must also include timelines for corrective actions related to all issues or discrepancies identified. The annual report must include the findings and corrective action plan and must be submitted to AHCCCS for review and
approval. AHCCCS will verify that the required audit has been completed and the approved remediation plans are in place and being followed.        

17.2.17 
 Agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the State of Arizona and AHCCCS from any and all claims or liabilities, including but not limited to consequential damages, reimbursements or erroneous billings and reimbursements
of attorney fees incurred as a consequence of any error, omission, deletion or erroneous insert caused by the Contractor in the submitted input data. Neither the State of Arizona nor AHCCCS shall be responsible for any incorrect or delayed payment
to the Contractor s providers (subcontractors) resulting from such error, omission, deletion, or erroneous input data caused by the Contractor in the submission of AHCCCS claims.    

17.2.18 
 Upon request, the Contractor shall provide to AHCCCS PCP assignments in an AHCCCS prescribed electronic data exchange format.        

17.3  
  Management Information System (MIS)       The Contractor shall establish and maintain an MIS
that:      

17.3.1 
 Collects, analyzes, integrates, and reports data. The Management Information System should have the capability to interface with a provider s EHR to collect demographic data for submission to AHCCCS. For those
providers who do not have an EHR, Contractor shall offer technical assistance to help them to obtain the ability to collect demographic data using an EHR or similar technology.    

17.3.2 
 Integrates member demographic data, provider information, service provision, claims submission and reimbursement data.        

17.3.4 
 At a minimum, collects and processes information on client demographics; service utilization; provider claim disputes and appeals; member grievances and appeals; and complies with AHCCCS  data processing and
interface requirements in the following documents:        

17.3.5 
 Client Information System (CIS) File Layouts and Specifications Manual, or its successor;        

17.3.6 
 ADHS/DBHS Operations and Procedures Manual, or its successor;        

17.3.7 
 ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedure Manual, or its successor;        

17.3.8 
 Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide;        

17.3.11 
 Utilizes electronic transactions in conformance with HIPAA,  meaningful use  and/or HL7 requirements including the Continuity of Care Document, (CCD) format, or any other transmission standard as instructed by
AHCCCS.    
      152  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.3.12 
 Sends and receives data and information to and from other agencies.        

17.3.13 
 Sends and receives data and information to and from AHCCCS related to member outcomes, patient records, individual service plans, staffing ratios, service referrals, network capacity, initial assessment and updates to
the assessment, AHCCCS Operational Reviews, subcontracted provider performance measures and dashboard performance reports.        

17.3.14 
 Performs regularly scheduled comprehensive backup of all member data, in accordance with HIPAA.    
 AHCCCS shall:      

17.3.15 
 Provide Contractor with at least 90 days  notice before implementing a change to its MIS system unless AHCCCS determines that the system change must be implemented sooner, and in that instance, provide Contractor
with as much notice as possible under the circumstances.        

17.3.16 
 Maintain access privileges and user-rights to any and all member information within Contractor s MIS system, and that of any MIS/EHR system operated by a subcontracted provider. At a minimum, AHCCCS shall be
permitted real-time access to client level demographics, claims and billing, service planning, assessment, and grievance and appeal data.        

17.4  
  Data and Document Management Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

17.4.1 
 Exchange data with AHCCCS to comply with the information requirements of this Contract and to support the data elements in AHCCCS specified formats, which includes at a minimum those required or covered by HIPAA as
detailed in the following documents:        

17.4.1.1 
 AHCCCS HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides   Trading Partner Agreements;        

17.4.1.3 
 Client Information System (CIS) File Layouts and Specifications Manual, or its successor.        

17.4.2 
 Comply with all data submission standards required by this Contract and accept AHCCCS rejection of data submissions that are not in compliance with these standards.    

17.4.3 
 Be responsible for any incorrect data, delayed submission or payment to Contractors or subcontractors and pay financial sanctions imposed due to any error, omission, deletion, or erroneous insert caused by
Contractor s data submission.        

17.4.4 
 Be responsible for identifying and immediately reporting any inconsistencies upon receipt of data from AHCCCS.        

17.4.5 
 Bear the cost to make any adjustments to correct its records due to any unreported inconsistencies subsequently discovered.    
      153  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.5  
  System and Data Integration Requirements       The Contractor shall through its Management
Information System:      

17.5.1 
 Receive, accept, and integrate SMI Determinations for members from an AHCCCS-contracted agency.        

17.5.2 
 Load on a recurring basis a claims data file generated by AHCCCS, of physical health claims and encounters for all General Mental Health, Children and non-integrated members with serious mental illness enrolled with the
Contractor for purposes of member care coordination.        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.6.1 
 Accept and generate required HIPAA compliant electronic transactions to or from any provider or a provider s assigned representative interested in and capable of electronic submission of eligibility verifications,
claims for processing, claims status verifications or prior authorizations, or the receipt of electronic remittance advice.        

17.6.2 
 Have the ability to make claims payments via electronic funds transfer and to accept electronic claims attachments.        

17.6.3 
 At a minimum, receive and process 60% of each type of claim (professional, institutional and dental) electronically, based on volume of actual claims processed excluding claims processed by Pharmacy Benefit Managers
(PBMs).        

17.6.4 
 At a minimum, produce and distribute 60% of remittance advices electronically.        

17.6.6 
 Use the Manual Payment Transaction in addition to the daily enrollment transaction update to update its member records AHCCCS also produces a daily Manual Payment Transaction as outlined in the AHCCCS Technical
Interface Guidelines, available on the AHCCCS website, which identifies enrollment or disenrollment activity that was not included on the daily enrollment transaction update due to internal edits.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.7.1 
 Comply with all notification and submission requirements in Contract Section on, Material Change to Business Operations, when making changes or makes major upgrades to its information systems affecting claims
processing, or any other major business component.        

17.7.2 
 Develop a plan when changing or making major upgrades to the information systems affecting the MIS, claims processing, or any other major business component, which includes a timeline, milestones, and adequate testing
before implementation. At least six months before the anticipated implementation date, the Contractor shall provide the system change plan to AHCCCS for review and comment.    

17.8  
  Participation in Information Systems Work Groups/Committees       Health Information
Exchange:      

17.8.1 
 The Contractor is required to contract with Health Information Network of Arizona (HINAz) as a data user.    
      154  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.8.2 
 To further the integration of technology based solutions and the meaningful use of electronic health records within the system of care, AHCCCS will increase opportunities for providers and Contractors to utilize
technological functions for processes that are necessary to meet Medicaid requirements. Expanding the adoption may reduce total spending on health care by diminishing the number of inappropriate tests and procedures, reducing paperwork and
administrative overhead, and decreasing the number of adverse events resulting from medical errors. The Contractor will actively participate in offering information and providing provider support and education to further expand provider adoption and
use of health information technology. It is AHCCCS  expectation that the Contractor review operational processes to reduce provider hassle factors by implementing technological solutions for those providers utilizing electronic health records
and to incentivize providers to implement and meaningfully use health information technology as a standard of doing business with the AHCCCS program. AHCCCS also anticipates establishing minimum standards, goals and requirements related to
operational areas where improved efficiencies or effectiveness could be achieved. AHCCCS anticipates accelerating statewide Health Information Exchange (HIE) participation for all Medicaid providers and Contractors by:    

17.8.2.1 
 Supporting care coordination between physical and behavioral health providers;        

17.8.2.2 
 Launching an HIE onboarding program for high volume Medicaid hospitals, Federally Qualified Health Centers, Rural Health Clinics and Look-a-Likes;    

17.8.2.3 
 Supporting the acceleration of electronic prescribing by Arizona Medicaid providers;        

17.8.2.4 
 Joining the State level HIE for governance, policy making, and information technology service offerings;        

17.8.2.5 
 Supporting increased Contractor use of the Network (State HIE) to improve health outcomes; and        

17.8.2.6 
 Identifying value-based purchasing opportunities that link with a provider s adoption and use of Health IT.        

17.8.3 
 The Contractor is expected to encourage that eligible hospitals and eligible professionals continue to move through the Meaningful Use continuum, accelerate provider statewide HIE participation, and increase use and
support of the HIT/HIE. The Contractor is expected to collaborate with AHCCCS and Arizona Health-e Connection and The Network to target efforts to specific areas where HIT and HIE can bring significant change and progress including efforts focused
on:        

17.8.3.4 
 Coordination with the American Indian Health Program    
      155  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.9  
  Enrollment and Eligibility Data Exchange       The enrollment transaction update identifying
new members and changes to existing members  demographic, eligibility and enrollment data to update its member records and is produced daily. The daily enrollment transaction update, that is run immediately prior to the monthly enrollment and
capitation transaction, is referred to as the  last daily  and will contain all rate code changes made for the prospective month, as well as any new enrollments and disenrollments as of the
1 st  of the prospective month.    The monthly enrollment and monthly capitation
transaction updates are generally produced two days before the end of every month. The update will identify the total active population for the Contractor as of the first day of the next month. These updates contain the information used by AHCCCS to
produce the monthly capitation payment for the next month. The Contractor must reconcile their member files with the AHCCCS monthly update. After reconciling the monthly update information, the Contractor will record the results of the
reconciliation, which will be made available upon request, and will resume posting daily updates beginning with the last two days of the month. The last two daily updates are different from the regular daily updates in that they pay and/or recoup
capitation into the next month. If the Contractor detects an error through the monthly update process, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS, Information Services Division.  
 The Contractor shall:      

17.9.1 
 Accept and utilize electronic Client Eligibility/Enrollment Information, in 834 CMS-Prescribed version standard formats for eligible members in conformance with the Client Information System (CIS) File Layouts and
Specifications Manual, or its successor.        

17.9.2 
 Share information, including the applicant s behavioral health history and SMI status, as needed with AHCCCS/SSI-MAO to assist in the Title XIX/XXI eligibility determination.    

17.9.3 
 Support member retention efforts by utilizing the monthly electronic file of all physical health care members who must complete a review of their eligibility in order to maintain enrollment with the Contractor.

17.10  
  Claims and Encounter Submission and Processing Requirements       Complete, accurate and
timely reporting of encounter data is crucial to the success of the program. Encounter data is used to set fee-for-service and capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements, determine reconciliation amounts determine disproportionate share
payments to hospitals, and to determine compliance with performance standards. The Contractor shall submit encounter data to AHCCCS for all services for which the Contractor incurred a financial liability and claims for services eligible for
processing by the Contractor where no financial liability was incurred including services provided during prior period coverage. This requirement is a condition of the CMS grant award, 42 CFR 438.242 (b) (1)); 42 CFR 455.1 (a) (2).  
      156  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The Contractor may be assessed sanctions for noncompliance with encounter submission
completeness, accuracy and timeliness requirements.    The Contractor shall:  

17.10.1 
 Prepare, review, verify, certify and submit encounters for consideration to AHCCCS. Upon submission the Contractor certifies that the services listed were actually rendered. The encounters must be submitted in the
format prescribed by AHCCCS. With each encounter data submission, include a written attestation from the Contractor s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or Chief Financial Officer (CFO) that based on his or her best knowledge, information and
belief, the encounter data is accurate, complete and truthful.        

17.10.2 
 Submit claims and encounters to AHCCCS in conformance with the CIS File Layouts and Specifications Manual, or its successor, ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual, or its successor, the
ADHS/DBHS Policy on Submitting Claims and Encounters to the RBHA, or its successor, the Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or its successor, the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors, and the AHCCCS Encounter manual.

17.10.3 
 Submit claims and encounters to AHCCCS as outlined in the AHCCCS HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, Trading Partner Agreements, and the AHCCCS Encounter Manual, including, but not limited to, inclusion of data to
identify the physician who delivers services to patients per Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xi)) of the Social Security Act. xxx     

17.10.4 
 Professional, Institutional and Dental Encounters not involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing should be received by AHCCCS 240 days after the end of the month in which the service was rendered, or
the effective date of the enrollment with the Contractor, whichever date is later.        

17.10.5 
 Covered outpatient drugs dispensed to individuals eligible for medical assistance who are enrolled with the Contractor shall be subject to the same rebate requirements as the State is subject under Section 1927 of
the Social Security Act; the State shall collect such rebates from manufacturers (Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006). xxxi  To ensure AHCCCS compliance
with this requirement, pharmacy related encounter data and other encounters involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing must be provided to AHCCCS no later than 30 days after the end of the quarter in which the pharmaceutical item
was dispensed. The Contractor must report information on the total number of units of each dosage form and strength and package size by National Drug Code of each covered outpatient drug dispensed (other than covered outpatient drugs that under
subsection (j)(1) of Section 1927 of the Social Security Act [42 USCS   1396r-8] are not subject to the requirements of that section) and such other data as required by AHCCCS (Section1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD
letter 10-006). xxxii         

17.10.6 
 Submit pharmacy related encounter data and other encounters involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing no later than 30 days after the end of the quarter in which the pharmaceutical item was
dispensed. The Contractor must report information on the total number of units of each dosage form and strength and package size by National Drug Code of each covered outpatient drug dispensed (other than covered outpatient drugs that under
subsection (j)(1) of Section 1927 of the Social Security Act [42 USCS   1396r-8] are not subject to the requirements of that section) and such other data as required by AHCCCS (Section1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD
letter 10-006). xxxiii     
      157  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.10.7 
 Prepare, review, verify, certify, and submit, encounters for consideration to AHCCCS. Upon submission, the Contractor must provide attestation that the services listed were actually rendered.    

17.10.8 
 Require subcontracted providers to submit claims or encounters in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Submitting Claims and Encounters to the RBHA, the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures
Manual, the Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or its successor, the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors for the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona, the CIS File Layouts and Specifications Manual, or its
successor, requirements and in accordance with HIPAA for each covered service delivered to a member.        

17.10.9 
 Inform subcontracted providers that if the Subcontractor does not bill the Contractor (e.g., Subcontractor is capitated), the Subcontractor s encounter data that is required to be submitted to the Contractor
pursuant to contract is defined for these purposes as a  claim for payment . The Subcontractor s provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said
claims shall be subject to review under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, Rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute (A.R.S.)   36-2918.     

17.10.10 
 Comply with all timeliness, accuracy and omission of data requirements for processing encounters in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual, or its successor and be
subject to financial sanction for non-compliance with encounter or claim submission standards.        

17.10.14 
 To accurately adjudicate encounters in conformance with AHCCCS requirements; and        

17.10.17 
 Monitor encounter submissions on a monthly basis by, at a minimum, comparing encounter production to monthly revenue distributed to providers factoring in encounter lag time.    

17.10.18 
 Identify and respond to a provider s over or under production of encounters in a timely manner.        

17.10.19 
 Monitor encounter production by service delivery site and have procedures in place to respond to outliers. Unit values shall reasonably align with general market conditions.    

17.10.20 
 Collect data in standardized format to the extent feasible and appropriate, verify the accuracy and timeliness of reported data, and screen the data for completeness, logic, and consistency, 42 CFR 438.242(b)(2).

17.10.21 
 Utilize the Contractor assigned Transmission Submission Number (TSN) for encounter submissions. The Contractor may elect to obtain additional TSNs based upon processing or tracking needs.    
      158  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

17.11.1 
 Submit reports to AHCCCS for tracking, trending, reporting process improvement and monitoring submissions of encounters and encounter revisions in conformance with the AHCCCS Encounter Manual or as directed by AHCCCS,
42 CFR 438.242(b)(3).        

17.11.2 
 Enhance the accuracy of its encounter reporting by loading periodic (no less than twice monthly) data files containing provider and medical coding information as defined in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual.

17.11.3 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS in monitoring Contractor s encounters adjudication accuracy against the Contractor s internal criteria.    

17.11.4 
 Develop and maintain a system for monitoring and reporting the completeness of encounters and encounter data received from subcontractors and providers.    

17.11.5 
 Submit the Quarterly Fee for Service Check Register Review report 10 business days after the first of the month following the quarter to be reviewed per the ADHS/DBHS Operations and Procedures Manual, or it successor.

17.11.6 
 Accept, on a monthly basis, encounter reconciliation files containing the prior 18 months of approved, voided, plan-denied, pended and AHCCCS-denied encounters received and processed by AHCCCS.    

17.11.7 
 Utilize the encounter reconciliation files to compare the encounter financial data reported with the plan claims data, and to validate the completeness of submitted encounters as compared to processed claims.
       
   The Contractor shall:  

17.12.1 
 Monitor and resolve pended encounters, encounters denied by AHCCCS, and encounters voided and voided/replaced in conformance with established encounter performance standards in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual.

17.12.2 
 Be subject to corrective action or financial sanctions for poor overall encounter performance or if completeness, accuracy and timeliness rates that fall below the established standards (pended encounters that have
pended for more than 120 days).        

17.12.3 
 Submit replacement or voided encounters for claims subsequently corrected following the initial encounter submission, whether as a result of inaccuracies identified by fraud and abuse audits or investigations conducted
by AHCCCS, in conformance with the AHCCCS Encounter Manual and as follows:        

17.12.3.2 
 Submit replacement encounters for a recoupment that results in a reduced claim value or adjustments that result in an increased claim value; and    

17.12.3.3 
 Submit replacement encounters for those recoupments requiring approval from AHCCCS within 120 days of the approval.    
      159  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.13  
  AHCCCS Encounter Data Validation Study (EDVS)       Per CMS requirements, AHCCCS will conduct
encounter validation studies of the Contractor s encounter submissions. These studies may result in sanctions of the Contractor and/or require a corrective action plan for noncompliance with related encounter submission requirements.  
 The purpose of encounter validation studies is to compare recorded utilization information from a medical record or other source with the
Contractor s submitted encounter data. Any and all covered services may be validated as part of these studies. The criteria used in encounter validation studies may include timeliness, correctness and omission of encounters. Refer to the AHCCCS
Data Validation Technical Document for further information.    AHCCCS may revise study methodologies, timeliness, and sanction amounts based
on agency review. The Contractor will be notified in writing of any significant change in study methodologies.    The Contractor shall:  

17.13.1 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS to conduct at minimum, an annual encounter data validation study for any and all covered services on Contractor s encounter submissions to compare recorded utilization information from a
medical record or other source with the Contractor s submitted encounter data.        

17.13.2 
 Be subject to sanctions for failure to meet the criteria used in encounter data validation studies, which may include timeliness, correctness, and omission of encounters as described in the AHCCCS Data Validation
Technical Document.        

17.13.3 
 Comply with any revisions made by AHCCCS to the study methodology, timelines, and sanction amounts based on agency review or as a result of consultations with CMS. The Contractor will be notified in writing of any
significant change in study methodology.        

17.13.4 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS in special reviews of encounter data, such as comparing encounter reports to the Contractor s claims files.    

17.13.5 
 Conduct encounter data validation studies of its subcontractors, in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Operations and Procedures Manual, or its successor at least on a quarterly basis to verify that all services provided to
members are reported accurately, timely and documented in the member s medical record.        

17.13.6 
 Conduct targeted encounter data validation studies of its subcontractors that are not in compliance with AHCCCS or Contractor s encounter submission requirements and document and provide the findings to AHCCCS upon
request.        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.14.1 
 Develop and maintain claims processes and systems that ensure the accurate collection and processing of claims, analysis, integration, and reporting of data. These processes and systems shall result in information on
areas including, but not limited to, service utilization, claim disputes and appeals, 42 CFR 438.242(a).        

17.14.2 
 Develop and maintain a HIPAA compliant claims processing and payment system capable of processing, cost avoiding and paying claims in accordance with this Contract, federal regulations, A.R.S.   36-2903;
36-2904 and A.A.C.R9-22 that, at a minimum, shall:        

17.14.2.1 
 Adapt to updates in order to support future AHCCCS claims requirements as needed;        

17.14.2.2 
 Utilize nationally recognized methods to correctly pay claims, including the Medicaid National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI) for Professional, ASC and Outpatient Services; Multiple Procedures/Surgical Reductions;
and, Global Day E   M Bundling Standards; and        

17.14.2.3 
 Assess and apply data-related edits for Benefit Package Variations; Timeliness Standards; Data Accuracy; Adherence to AHCCCS Policy; Provider Qualifications; Member Eligibility and Enrollment, and; Over-Utilization
Standards.    
      160  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.14.3 
 Produce a remittance advice that describes Contractor s payments and denials to providers, including the following:        

17.14.3.1 
 A detailed explanation/description of all denials, payments and adjustments;        

17.14.4 
 Additionally, the Contractor must include information in its remittance advice which informs providers of instructions and timeframes for the submission of claim disputes and corrected claims. All paper remittance
advices must describe this information in detail. Electronic remittance advices must either direct providers to the link where this information is explained or include a supplemental file where this information is explained.    

17.14.5 
 Send the related remittance advice with the payment, unless the payment is made by electronic funds transfer (EFT), which in that instance, must be mailed, or sent to the provider, no later than the date of the EFT.

17.14.6 
 Submit upon request by a provider, an electronic Health Care Claim Payment/Advice 835 transaction in accordance with HIPAA requirements and comply with the requirements in Contract Section on, General Claims Processing
Requirements, when sending remittance advices along with payment to providers.        

17.14.7 
 Develop an integrated claims payment system capable of concurrently handling all physical, behavioral health and Medicare related claims.    

17.14.8 
 Comply with HIPAA securing measurements and monitor subcontractor performance and compliance.        

17.14.9 
 Require subcontracted providers to obtain a National Provider Identifier (NPI).        
   E-Prescribing is an effective tool to
improve members  health outcomes and reduce costs. Benefits afforded by the electronic transmission of prescription-related information include, but are not limited to: reduced medication errors, reductions of drug and allergy interactions and
therapeutic duplication, and increased prescription accuracy, in accordance with ACOM Policy 321.  
      161  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   Submit the Prescription Origin Code and Fill Number
(Original or Refill Dispensing) on all pharmacy encounter records, as outlined in the AHCCCS NCPDP Post Adjudicated History Transaction Companion Guide, in order for AHCCCS to measure the Contractor s success.  

The Contractor shall:  

17.15.1 
 Process claims in accordance with the Claim Processing Requirements detailed in the AHCCCS Contractors Operations Manual.        

17.15.2 
 Process claims, prior authorization and concurrent reviews in a manner that minimizes the likelihood of having to recoup already-paid claims.    

17.15.3 
 Train its staff on HIPAA requirements for electronic Health Care Claim Payment/Advice 835 transaction and require subcontracted providers to provide the same training to staff responsible for claims processing.

17.15.4 
 Post claims inquiry information to providers on the Contractor s web site.        

17.15.5 
 Unless a shorter time period is specified in contract, not pay a claim initially submitted more than six months after the date of service or pay a clean claim submitted more than 12 months after date of service; or date
of eligibility posting, whichever is later; except as directed by AHCCCS or otherwise noted in this Contract. Claim payment requirements apply to both contracted and non-contracted providers. The receipt date of the claim is the date stamp on the
claim or the date electronically received. The receipt date is the day the claim is received at the Contractor s specified claim mailing address, received through direct electronic submission to the Contractor, or received by the
Contractor s designated Clearinghouse. The paid date of the claim is the date on the check or other form of payment, 42 CFR 447.45(d). Claims submission deadlines shall be calculated from the claim end date or the effective date of eligibility
posting, whichever is later in conformance with A.R.S.   36-2904(H).        

17.15.6 
 Adjudicate 95% of all clean claims within 30 days of receipt of the clean claim and adjudicate 99% within 60 days of receipt of the clean claim for each form type (Dental/Professional/Institutional).    

17.15.7 
 In accordance with the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, Section 6085, SMD letter 06-010, and Section 1932 (b)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act, the Contractor is required to reimburse non-contracted emergency
services providers at the AHCCCS Fee-For-Service rate. This applies to in State as well as out of State providers. xxxiv     

17.15.8 
   In accordance with A.R.S.  36-2904 the Contractor is required to reimburse providers of hospital and
non-hospital services at the AHCCCS fee schedule in the absence of a contract or negotiated rate. This requirement applies to services which are directed out of network by the Contractor or to emergency services. For inpatient stays at urban
hospitals pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2905.01 for     
      162  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

non-emergency services, the Contractor is required to reimburse non-contracted providers at 95% of the AHCCCS fee schedule specified in A.R.S.  36-2903.01. All payments are subject to other
limitations that apply, such as provider registration, prior authorization, medical necessity, and covered service.        

17.15.10 
 Report interest paid in conformance with the AHCCCS Encounter Manual.        

17.15.11 
 Reimburse providers for recouped funds if the provider was subsequently denied payment by the primary insurer based on timely filing limits or lack of prior authorization and the member failed to initially disclose
additional insurance coverage other than Medicaid, provided that the provider made an initial timely claim to the Contractor.        

17.15.12 
 Require a provider to have 90 days from the date the provider becomes aware that payment will not be made to submit a new claim and documentation from the primary insurer that payment will not be made. Documentation
includes but is not limited to any of the following items establishing that the primary insurer has or would deny payment based on timely filing limits or lack of prior authorization: an EOB; policy or procedure; or the Contractor s Provider
Manual excerpt.        

17.15.13 
 Process the provider s claim consistent with the final agency decision, applicable statutes, rules, policies, and Contract terms when a final agency decision is made to deny, limit, or delay authorization of
services, and the member received the disputed services while an appeal was pending.        

17.15.14 
 Require the provider to have 90 days from the date of the final agency decision to submit a clean claim for payment and not deny claims as untimely if submitted within the 90 day timeframe.    

17.15.15 
 Not deny claims submitted as a result of a final agency decision because the member failed to request continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process.    

17.15.16 
 Regardless of any subcontract with an AHCCCS Contractor, when one AHCCCS Contractor recoups a claim because the claim is the payment responsibility of another AHCCCS Contractor (responsible Contractor), the provider may
file a claim for payment with the responsible Contractor. The responsible Contractor shall not deny a claim on the basis of lack of timely filing if the provider submits a clean claim to the responsible Contractor no later than 60 days from the date
of the recoupment, 12 months from the date of service, or 12 months from date that eligibility is posted, whichever date is later.        

17.15.17 
 For hospital clean claims, in the absence of a contract specifying otherwise, a Contractor shall apply a quick pay discount of 1% on claims paid within 30 days of receipt of the clean claim. For hospital clean claims,
in the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a Contractor is required to pay slow payment penalties (interest) on payments made after 60 days of receipt of the clean claim. Interest shall be paid at the rate of 1% per month
for each month or portion of a month from the 61 st  day until the date of payment (A.R.S.  36-2903.01).        

17.15.18 
 For all non-hospital clean claims, in the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a Contractor is required to pay interest on payments made after 45 days of receipt of the clean claim (as defined in
this contract). Interest shall be at the rate of 10% per annum (prorated daily) from the 46 th  day until the date of payment.    
      163  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.15.19 
 In the absence of a contract specifying other late payment terms, a claim for an authorized service submitted by a licensed skilled nursing facility, assisted living ALTCS provider or a home and community based ALTCS
provider shall be adjudicated within 30 calendar days after receipt by the Contractor. A Contractor is required to pay interest on payments made after 30 days of receipt of the clean claim. Interest shall be paid at the rate of 1% per month
(prorated on a daily basis) from the date the clean claim is received until the date of payment (A.R.S.  36-2943.D).        

17.15.20 
 The Contractor shall pay interest on all claim disputes as appropriate based on the date of the receipt of the original clean claim submission (not the claim dispute).    

17.15.21 
 When interest is paid, the Contractor must report the interest as directed in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual and the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide.    

17.15.22 
 Attend and participate in AHCCCS workgroups including Technical Consortium meetings to review upcoming initiatives and other technical issues as required by AHCCCS.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.16.1 
 Submit as specified in the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

17.16.2 
 When directed by AHCCCS, review claim requirements, including billing rules and documentation requirements, and submit a report to AHCCCS that will include the rationale for specified requirements. AHCCCS shall
determine and provide a format for the reporting of this data at the time of the request.        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.17.1 
 Develop and implement an internal claims audit function that will include the following at a minimum:        

17.17.2 
 Perform audits of provider contract terms on a regular and periodic basis using a random, statistically significant (90/10) sample of all contracts in effect at the time of the audit.    

17.17.3 
 Document the audit sampling methodology in policy and review the contract loading of all providers at least once in every five year period in addition to any time a provider contract change is initiated during that
timeframe.        

17.17.4 
 Document the findings of audits and initiate corrective action for deficiencies.        

17.17.5 
 In the event of a system change or update, or when directed by AHCCCS, participate and cooperate with an independent audit of its Claims Payment/Management Information System.    

17.17.6 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS in developing the scope of an audit in Contract Section on, Claims Audit, to include areas such as a verification of eligibility and enrollment information loading, contract information management
(contract loading and auditing), claims processing and encounter submission processes.        
 
      164  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

17.18.1 
 Submit behavioral health member demographic data to ADHS/DBHS in the CCD format as specified in the CIS File Layout and Specifications Manual, or its successor, and according to the submission timelines in the ADHS/DBHS
Policy on Enrollment, Disenrollment and Other Data Submission, or its successor, the DBHS Demographic and Outcome Data Set User Guide, or its successor, and the ADHS/DBHS Office of Program Support Operations and Procedures Manual, or its successor.

17.18.2 
 Include a written attestation with each demographic data submission in conformance with Contract Section on, Encounter Reporting.        
   The Contractor shall:  

17.19.1 
 Respond to any ad hoc electronic data submission, processing or review requests from AHCCCS.        

18  
  ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS         
   The Contractor shall:  

18.1.1 
 Develop and maintain written policies and procedures for each functional area consistent in format and style.        

18.1.2 
 Maintain written guidelines for developing, reviewing and approving all policies and procedures.        

18.1.3 
 Review all policies and procedures at least annually to ensure that the Contractor s written policies reflect current practices. Reviewed policies shall be dated and signed by the Contractor s director or
administrator. Minutes reflecting the review and approval of the policies by an appropriate committee, chaired by the Contractor Chief Executive Officer/Administrator, Chief Medical Officer or Chief Financial Officer are also acceptable
documentation.        

18.1.4 
 Obtain Medical Director review, approval and signature for all medical and quality management policies.        

18.1.5 
 Be subject to corrective action, sanctions or hiring of additional staff if Contractor is noncompliant with the requirements of this Contract.    

18.1.6 
 Allocate sufficient resources to comply with all Contract requirements.        

18.1.7 
   The parties to this contract shall be bound by all terms and conditions contained herein. For interpreting such
terms and conditions the following sources shall have precedence in descending order: The Constitution and laws of the United States and applicable Federal regulations; the terms of the CMS 1115 waiver for the State of Arizona; the Constitution and
laws of Arizona, and applicable State Rules; the terms of this contract which consists of the RFP, the proposal of the     
      165  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

successful Offeror, and any Best and Final Offer including any attachments, executed amendments and modifications; and AHCCCS policies and procedures.    

18.1.8 
 Be aware that AHCCCS may, at its discretion, communicate directly with the governing body or Parent Corporation of the Contractor regarding the performance of a subcontractor or Contractor respectively.

18.2  
  AHCCCS Guidelines, Policies and Manuals       All AHCCCS guidelines, policies and manuals,
including but not limited to, ACOM, AMPM, Reporting Guides, and Manuals are hereby incorporated by reference into this contract. Guidelines, policies and manuals are available on the AHCCCS website. The Contractor is responsible for ensuring that
its subcontractors are notified when modifications are made to the AHCCCS guidelines, policies, and manuals. The Contractor is responsible for complying with all requirements set forth in these sources as well as with any updates. In addition,
linkages to AHCCCS rules, statutes and other resources are available through the AHCCCS website. Upon adoption by AHCCCS, updates will be available on the AHCCCS website.      
   The Contractor shall:  

18.3.1 
 Operate as a single entity responsible for ensuring the delivery of medically necessary covered services for members.        

18.3.2 
 Provide all major administrative functions of a managed care health plan including but not limited to:        

18.3.3 
 Not delegate or subcontract key functions of health plan operations that are critical to the integration of behavioral and physical health care for members as set forth in Contract Section on, Management Services
Agreements, unless one entity under subcontract provides all of the delegated functions for both the Medicaid, which includes physical and behavioral health, and Medicare lines of business.    

18.3.4 
 Have organizational, management, staffing and administrative systems capable of meeting all Contract requirements with clearly defined lines of responsibility, authority, communication and coordination within, between
and among Contractor s departments, units or functional areas of operation.    
      166  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.3.5 
 Develop and maintain written policies, procedures and job descriptions in a consistent format and style for each of the Contractor s functional areas including policies and procedures that instruct staff to comply
with all federal and state requirements, including federal and state laws that govern member rights, 42 CFR 438.100(a)(1).        

18.3.6 
 Maintain written guidelines for developing, reviewing and approving all policies, procedures and job descriptions for each of the Contractor s functional areas including guidelines for a bi-annual review of all job
descriptions to align job duties actually performed by the staff with written requirements.        

18.3.7 
 Require all staff, whether employed or under contract, to have the training, education, experience, orientation, and credentialing, as applicable, to perform assigned job duties.    

18.3.8 
 Provide initial and ongoing staff training that includes an overview of AHCCCS Policy and Procedure Manuals, and contract requirements and State and Federal requirements specific to individual job functions.

18.3.9 
 For Key Staff, Organizational Staff, and Liaison or Coordinator positions, notify AHCCCS:        

18.3.9.1 
 Within seven days of learning of resignation or termination of staff;        

18.3.10.3 
 The name, contact information and qualifications of the interim staff responsible for meeting the contractual responsibilities of the position.    

18.3.11 
 Submit the name, contact information and resume of the permanent staff to AHCCCS when hired along with a revised organizational chart.    

18.3.12 
 Obtain approval from AHCCCS prior to moving any managed care functions outside of the State of Arizona.        

18.3.13 
 Submit the request for approval to AHCCCS at least 60 days prior to the proposed change and include a description of the processes in place that assure Contract compliance.    

18.3.14 
 Maintain a significant and sufficient local presence within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona and a positive public image in Arizona.    

18.3.15 
 Participate in face-to-face meetings with AHCCCS at least quarterly for purposes of assessing Contractor compliance and provide appropriate staff for attendance and participation in meetings and events scheduled by
AHCCCS. Contractor s attendance at all meetings and events scheduled by AHCCCS is mandatory unless otherwise indicated.        

18.3.16 
 Maintain an organization chart complete with the Key Staff positions. The chart must include the person s name, title, location and portion of time allocated to each Medicaid contract and other lines of business.
   
      167  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.3.17 
 A functional organization chart of the key program areas, responsibilities and reporting lines.        

18.3.18 
 A crosswalk of Contractor Key Staff members and required staff positions.        

18.3.19.6 
 Documentation confirming applicable Key Staff functions are filled by individuals which are in good standing (for example, a printout from the Arizona Medical Board webpage showing the CMO s active license), and

18.3.19.7 
 A list of all Key Staff functions and their locations; and a list of any functions that have moved outside of the State of Arizona in the past contract year.    

18.3.20 
 Have local staff available and on-call 24 hours per day, seven days per week to work with AHCCCS to address urgent issue resolutions, emergency care, cases of an immediate jeopardy, fires or other public emergency
situations.        

18.3.21 
 Provide the available on-call staff with access to necessary information to identify:        

18.3.22 
 Provide AHCCCS with the contact information for available on call staff including a telephone number or other means of contact.        
 
      168  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.4  
  Peer Involvement and Participation       The Contractor shall:  

18.4.1 
 Require subcontractors and providers to include, to the extent possible, the participation of at least one peer or family member during the interview process when hiring for all direct service staff positions.

18.4.2 
 Develop a process for members to have regular and ongoing input to assist in decision making, development, and enhancement of customer service at each provider site where case management services are delivered.

18.4.3 
 Develop a written description of the process for members to have regular and ongoing input in order to ensure that the community members have real decision making capacity and each committee has at least two community
members.        

18.4.4.1 
 A requirement that the members attend regular meetings with clinical leadership and be authorized to make recommendations.        
   The Contractor shall have the following Key Staff to work full-time to
fulfill the responsibilities of the position in a location within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona which are dedicated to meeting the requirements of this Contract:  

18.5.1 
 Administrator/Chief Executive Officer (CEO/COO):        

18.5.1.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.1.2 
 Oversees the entire operation of the Contractor, and has the authority to direct and prioritize work, regardless of where performed. Has experience in the managed health care industry.    

18.5.2.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.2.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed Certified Public Accountant or holds a post graduate degree in business or finance, or has equivalent experience;    

18.5.2.3 
 Is responsible to implement, oversee and manage the budget, accounting systems and financial reporting implemented by the Contractor.    

18.5.3.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.3.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed physician, in good standing, board-certified in psychiatry;        

18.5.3.3 
 Attends AHCCCS  Medical Director meetings as scheduled;        

18.5.3.4 
 Develops, implements, interprets and approves clinical-medical policies and procedures;        
 
      169  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.5.3.6 
 Reviews and make recommendations regarding physician and other prescribing clinician credentialing and reappointment applications;        

18.5.3.7 
 Oversees Provider profile design and interpretation;        

18.5.3.8 
 Is responsible for, actively involved in and oversees the following:        

18.5.3.8.1 
 Administration of all Medical Management and Quality Management components of the program;        

18.5.3.8.2 
 Continuous assessment and improvement of the quality of care provided to members;        

18.5.3.8.4 
 Oversight of provider education, in-service training and orientation;        

18.5.3.8.5 
 Serves as the chairperson of the QM, MM, and Peer Review Committees with oversight of other medical/clinical committees;        

18.5.3.8.6 
 Devotes sufficient time to ensure timely clinical decisions, including after-hours consultation as needed.        

18.5.4.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.4.2 
 Is an Arizona licensed physician, in good standing, board certified in a medical specialty;        

18.5.4.3 
 Is responsible for non-psychiatric, clinical medical programs;        

18.5.4.4 
 Attends AHCCCS  Medical Director meetings as scheduled; and        

18.5.4.5 
 Reports to the CMO and performs duties as directed by the CMO.        

18.5.5.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.5.3 
 Is located on-site and is available to all staff, with designated and recognized authority to access provider records and make independent referrals to the AHCCCS Office of Inspector General (OIG) or other duly
authorized enforcement agencies;        

18.5.5.4 
 Is responsible for oversight, administration and implementation of the Contractor s Corporate Compliance Program.        

170  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.5.6.2 
 Arizona licensed general or pediatric dentist in good standing located in Arizona;        

18.5.6.3 
 Reviews or denies dental services, provider consultation, utilization review,        

18.5.6.4 
 Participation in tracking and trending of quality of care issues as related to dental services.        

18.5.7.3 
 Oversees and administers the prescription drug and pharmacy benefits;        

18.5.7.4 
 The Pharmacy Coordinator/Director may be an employee or Contractor of the Plan.        
   The Contractor shall have the following Organizational Staff, one
person, per position, full-time, residing in or near the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona which are dedicated to meeting the requirements of this Contract:      

18.6.1 
 Integrated Health Care Development Officer:        

18.6.1.1 
 Is an individual with experience in behavioral and physical health care systems including familiarity with Medicaid and Medicare systems;    

18.6.1.2 
 Is responsible for coordinating and overseeing activities of Contractor s Integrated Health Care Office including the Integrated Health Care Plan; and    

18.6.1.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.2.2 
 Is responsible for clinical program development and oversight of service delivery;        

18.6.2.3 
 Acts as the single point of contact for coordination of care with system stakeholders including; ADES/DDD, DCS/CMDP, and other state agencies when necessary; and    

18.6.2.4 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.    
      171  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.3.1 
 Is an Arizona-licensed physician, board-certified in child/adolescent psychiatry, or board certified in general psychiatry;        

18.6.3.2 
 Is responsible for clinical-medical programs for children and adolescents and QM and UM/MM programs for children and adolescents; and    

18.6.3.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.4.2 
 Collaborates with child welfare, juvenile corrections, juvenile detention systems, and other child-serving agencies;        

18.6.4.3 
 Is responsible to oversee the children s service delivery system consistent with the Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery as outlined in AMPM Policy 430; and    

18.6.4.4 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.5.1 
 Is responsible for implementing Contractor s Cultural Competency Program, the Cultural Competency Plan;        

18.6.5.2 
 Oversight of all provisions in Contract Section on, Cultural Competency; and        

18.6.5.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.6 
 Training and Workforce Development Administrator:        

18.6.6.1 
 Is responsible for developing and implementing training programs;        

18.6.6.4 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.7.1 
 Is located in Arizona and is an Arizona-licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant or a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ) by the National Association for Health Care Quality
(NAHQ) and/or Certified in Health Care Quality and Management (CHCQM) by the American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Providers;        

18.6.7.2 
 Experience in quality management and quality improvement. Sufficient local staffing to meet the AHCCCS quality management contractual and policy requirements must also be in place. Staff must report directly to the
Quality Management Administrator;    
      172  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.7.3 
 Develops, implements, manages and oversees Contractor s QM plan in collaboration with the CMO and the Performance/Quality Improvement Coordinator; and    

18.6.7.4.4 
 Conducts care needed today/immediate jeopardy investigations        

18.6.7.4.7 
 Resolves, evaluates, tracks and trends quality of care grievances/concerns; and        

18.6.7.5 
 In addition, the Contractor must have sufficient, experienced quality management staff, who are licensed clinical or behavioral health professionals to meet the requirements of the quality management program.

18.6.8 
 Performance Quality Improvement Coordinator:        

18.6.8.1 
 Is located in Arizona and is a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ)/ (CHCQM) or has comparable education and experience in health plan data and outcomes measurement Any staff under this position must be
sufficient to meet the AHCCCS quality Improvement contractual and policy requirements. The primary functions of the Performance Quality Improvement Coordinator are:    

18.6.8.1.1 
 Is responsible for focusing organizational efforts on improving clinical quality performance measures;        

18.6.8.1.3 
 Utilizes data to develop intervention strategies to improve outcomes; and        

18.6.9.1 
 Who is located in Arizona, with appropriate clinical and behavioral credentials and ensures timely, comprehensive quality of care investigative processes including but not limited to onsite quality investigations.
   
      173  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.10.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.10.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant if required to make medical necessity determinations, or has a Master s degree in health services, health care administration, or
business administration if not required to make medical necessity determinations;        

18.6.10.3 
 Manages all required medical management requirements under AHCCCS policies, rules, and contract;        

18.6.10.4 
 Maintains sufficient local staffing to meet medical management requirements;        

18.6.10.5.1 
 Ensures adoption and consistent application of appropriate inpatient and outpatient medical necessity criteria,        

18.6.10.5.2 
 Ensures appropriate concurrent review and discharge planning of inpatient stays is conducted,        

18.6.10.5.3 
 Develops, implements and monitors the provision of care coordination, disease management and care management functions,        

18.6.10.5.4 
 Monitors, analyzes and implements appropriate interventions based on utilization data, including identifying and correcting over or under utilization of services,    

18.6.10.5.5 
 Monitors prior authorization functions and assures that decisions are made in a consistent manner based on clinical criteria and meet timeliness standards;    

18.6.11.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.11.2 
 Manages and oversees systems for entry point access to the health care delivery system; and        

18.6.11.3.1 
 Triage of all inquiries including information inquiries, service requests, crisis phone calls, complaints, grievances, appeals and quality of care issues, and    

18.6.11.3.2 
 Compliance with standards for resolution, telephone abandonment rates and telephone hold times.        

18.6.12.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    
      174  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.12.2 
 Manages and oversees network development, network sufficiency and network reporting functions;        

18.6.12.3 
 Is responsible for network provider adequacy and appointment access;        

18.6.13.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.13.3 
 Manages and oversees vocational rehabilitation and employment support programs; vocational, employment; and business development services.    

18.6.15 
 Who is responsible for information system management including coordination of the technical aspects of application infrastructure, server and storage needs, reliability and survivability of all data and data exchange
elements.        

18.6.16.1 
 Manages, oversees and is responsible for all components and processes related to submitting timely and accurate claims and encounters; and assists with the prompt resolution of provider complaints and inquiries;

18.6.16.2 
 Facilitates the exchange of information between grievance, claims processing, and provider relations systems and providers; and        

18.6.16.3.1 
 Educates staff and providers on claims submission requirements, coding updates, electronic claims transactions and electronic fund transfer; and available Contractor resources such as provider manuals, web site and fee
schedules,        

18.6.16.3.2 
 Interfaces with the Contractor s call center to compile, analyze, and disseminate information from provider calls,        

18.6.16.3.3 
 Identifies trends and guides the development and implementation of strategies to improve provider satisfaction, and        

18.6.16.3.4 
 Communicates (e.g. telephonic and on site) with providers to assure the effective exchange of information and gain feedback regarding the extent to which providers are informed about appropriate claims submission
practices.    
      175  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.16.4 
 Develop and implement claims processing systems capable of paying claims in accordance with State and Federal requirements;        

18.6.17.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.17.2 
 Is a licensed attorney or has a juris doctor degree from an accredited institution;        

18.6.17.3 
 Manages, oversees, implements, administers and adjudicates member grievances and appeals, and provider claim disputes, arising under the Grievance System and for forwarding all member appeal requests for hearing to
AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS) with the requested information. The Grievance System Administrator and any staff under this position who manage and adjudicate disputes and appeals must be located in Arizona.    

18.6.17.4 
 Is prohibited from acting as or under the supervision of Contractor s in-house legal counsel, retained legal counsel, corporate counsel or risk management attorney.    

18.6.18.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.18.2 
 Serves as the primary point-of-contact for all Contractor operational issues;        

18.6.18.3 
 Manages and oversees overall compliance with Contract requirements;        

18.6.18.6 
 Coordinates the execution of Contract requirements and related compliance actions, including AHCCCS Operational and Financial Reviews, random and periodic audits, corrective actions and ad hoc visits.    

18.6.19.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    
      176  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.19.2 
 Builds partnerships with individuals, families, youth, and key stakeholders to promote recovery, resiliency and wellness;        

18.6.19.3 
 Establishes structure and mechanisms to increase the member and family voice in areas of leadership, service delivery and Contractor decision-making committees and boards;    

18.6.19.4 
 Advocates for service environments that are supportive, welcoming and recovery oriented by implementing Trauma Informed Care (TIC) service delivery approaches and other initiatives;    

18.6.19.5 
 Communicates and collaborates with members and families to identify concerns and remove barriers that affect service delivery or member satisfaction;    

18.6.19.6 
 Promotes the development and use of member and family support programs; and        

18.6.19.7 
 Collaborates with AHCCCS  Office of Individual and Family Affairs.        

18.6.20.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.20.2 
 Responds to media inquiries and is responsible for public relations, Health Promotion and outreach activities;        

18.6.20.4 
 Coordinates and oversees the distribution of information including the member handbook, provider handbook, brochures, newsletters and information on Contractor s web site; and    

18.6.21.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.21.3 
 Is responsible to address issues related to tribal structure and organization;        

18.6.21.4 
 Promotes services and programs to improve the health of American Indian members including coordination of care;        

18.6.21.5 
 Acts as the single point of contact regarding delivery of health services or any other issues concerning American Indians;        

18.6.21.6 
 Meet regularly with AHCCCS  Tribal Liaison, AHCCCS Division of Health Care Management representative and American Indian Health Care program coordinator to discuss tribal care coordination;    
      177  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.21.7 
 Assists in the planning and provides support to a Bi-annual statewide American Indian Behavioral Health Forum concerning issues that are specific to tribal behavioral health and physical health services.

18.6.21.8 
 Collaborate with tribal nations in creating a system or process covering all aspects of COE/COT from petition to discharge.        

18.6.21.9 
 Coordinate annual training on the COE/COT process as it relates to tribal members. Minimal training requirements shall include:        

18.6.21.9.5 
 Coordination of Care between the Tribe, RBHA and RBHA providers (includes Tribal/RBHA Letters of Agreement and collaborative COE/COT processes);    

18.6.22.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.22.2 
 Is an Arizona licensed nurse, physician or physician s assistant or has a Master s degree in health services, public health, health care administration or other related field, or a CPHQ or CHCQM Certification.
Any staff under this position must be sufficient to meet the AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT contractual and policy requirements and must be located in Arizona. Maternal Child Health (MCH)/EPSDT staff must either report directly to the MCH/EPSDT Coordinator or the
MCH/EPSDT Coordinator must have sufficient ability to ensure that AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT requirements are met. Sufficient local staffing under this position must be in place to meet quality and performance measure goals, and is responsible for the
following primary functions:        

18.6.22.2.1 
 Ensures receipt of physical and behavioral health EPSDT services for SMI members under 21 years of age;        

178  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.23.1 
 Who has significant experience and expertise in child welfare; including operations of the Department of Child Safety (DCS).        

18.6.23.2 
 Will serve as the interagency liaison with Department of Child Safety (DCS), respond to Department of Child Safety requests for RBHA support and serve as a single point of contact at the RBHA for Department of Child
Safety Staff and foster families.      Additional Required Staff:  

18.6.24 
 Prior Authorization staff to authorize health care 24 hours per day, seven days per week. This staff shall include but is not limited to Arizona-licensed nurses, physicians and/or physician s assistants.

18.6.25 
 Concurrent Review staff who is located in Arizona and who conduct inpatient concurrent review. This staff shall consist of Arizona-licensed nurses, physicians, and/or physician s assistants.    

18.6.26 
 Member Services staff to enable members to receive prompt resolution of their inquiries/problems.        

18.6.27 
 Provider Services staff who is located in Arizona and who enable providers to receive prompt responses and assistance.        

18.6.28 
 Claims Processing staff to ensure the timely and accurate processing of original claims, resubmissions and overall adjudication of claims.    

18.6.29 
 Encounter Processing staff to ensure the timely and accurate processing and submission to AHCCCS of encounter data and reports.        

18.6.30 
 Care and Case Management staff who are located in Arizona and who provide care coordination for members with special health care needs.    

18.6.31 
 Information Systems Staff to ensure timely and accurate information system management to meet system and data exchange requirements.    

18.6.32 
 Quality Management Staff who is located in Arizona, with appropriate clinical and behavioral credentials and ensures timely, comprehensive quality of care investigative processes including but not limited to onsite
quality investigations.        
   The Contractor shall have a designated staff person to
perform the duties and responsibilities of each liaison and coordinator position as follows:      

179  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.7.1.2 
 Is responsible for identification of available oral health community resources to members that do not have dental services coverage;    

18.7.1.3 
 Is responsible to collaborate with providers and other community resources to improve access to oral health care services for members that do not have dental services coverage; and    

18.7.2.1 
 Oversees AHCCCS  eligibility screening and referral requirements.        

18.7.3.1 
 Is the single point of contact with the Arizona State Hospital and AHCCCS to coordinate admissions, ongoing care, and discharges for members in the Arizona State Hospital.    

18.7.4.1 
 Is the single point of contact with the regional Human Rights Committee (HRC) and the AHCCCS Human Rights Committee Coordinator; and    

18.7.4.2 
 Is responsible to provide information to the HRC and attend HRC meetings.        

18.7.5 
 Physical Health Plan and Provider Coordinator:        

18.7.5.1 
 Is the single point of contact regarding coordination of care with other AHCCCS Health Plans and PCPs specifically to facilitate the sharing of clinical information for members not eligible to receive physical health
care services from the RBHA.        

18.7.6.1 
 Manages, oversees and coordinates transitions to and from AHCCCS Contractors and transfers to other agencies or systems;        

18.7.6.2 
 Locates the member s affiliated clinical provider in the Contractor s system;        

18.7.6.3 
 Gathers, reviews and communicates clinical information requested by PCPs, Acute Care Plan Behavioral Health Coordinators, other treating professionals, and other involved stakeholders including providers serving members
or under contract with DCS/CMDP and ADES/DDD;        

18.7.6.4 
 Collaborates and coordinate with the Acute Care Health Plans regarding member specific issues or needs.        

18.7.7 
 Emergency Response/Business Continuity and Recovery Liaison:        

18.7.7.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona; and        

18.7.7.2 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate health response needs, recovery, and business functions in the event of a disaster, power outage or other event that causes a significant disruption in service delivery or
business operations.    
      180  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.7.8.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.7.8.2 
 Is the single point of contact to communicate with the court and justice systems, including interaction with Mental Health Courts, Drug Courts, and other jail diversion programs; and    

18.7.9.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.7.9.2 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate care between the facility where the eligible member is detained, the health plan, RBHA, and providers;    

18.7.9.3 
 Shares information with the RBHA, health plan and providers to promote awareness of individual s condition(s) at the point of admission and discharge from the detaining facility, as well as communicates the terms
of the community release conditions;        

18.7.9.4 
 Assists individuals to find resources and services such as medication, employment, behavioral health and physical health services;        

18.7.9.5 
 Participates in meetings via. telephone and teleconference, as needed; and        

18.7.9.6 
 Ensures services and supports needed to safely return to the community upon release for SMI individuals and GMH/SA Non-Dual individuals who have the following complicated medical needs:    

181  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.7.10.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.7.10.2 
 Is the single point of contact for information specific to the court s disposition for eligible members (i.e. Drug Court, Mental Health Court, Criminal Proceedings); and    

18.7.10.3 
 Communicates court related follow-up/requirements to the individual s health plan and/or RBHA.        

18.7.11.1 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate health information specific to Division of Child Safety and Family Services eligible children in the CMDP Program; and    

18.7.11.2 
 Participates in meetings via telephone and teleconference, as needed.        

18.8  
  Training Program Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

18.8.1 
 Create and implement a comprehensive training program and framework to include: appropriate training, continuing education, technical assistance, workforce development opportunities, and various modalities of training
options to contractor and subcontractor personnel to promote and sustain a qualified, knowledgeable, skilled, and culturally competent workforce to successfully provide high quality services.    

18.8.2 
 Develop and implement an Annual Training Plan that tracks, monitors, and ensures effectiveness and documentation of all trainings and ensures inclusion of the following minimum requirements:    

18.8.2.1 
 Describes how the Contractor incorporates: Adult/Children s Guiding Principles, Adult Learning Methods, Culturally Relevant Practices, Provider, and Community/Stakeholder input in the development of training
curricula and the delivery of trainings;        

18.8.2.2 
 Approaches to gather input from stakeholder agencies, individuals, family members, and communities in the development of training curricula and delivery of training to meet the needs of the GSAs;    

18.8.2.3 
 Methods to ensure effectiveness of trainers by assessing skills and knowledge of content and detailing the availability of resources to effectively facilitate trainings;    

18.8.2.4 
 Strategies to identify training needs, quality concerns, evaluations, and analyses of training efforts on a quarterly, annually and as-needed basis to ensure high quality training procedures; and    

18.8.2.5 
 Describes how a system wide training quality assurance process is incorporated, developed and maintained by using case file reviews, complaint data, utilization data, and grievance and appeal data to identify additional
technical assistance or training needs as applicable.    
      182  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.8.3 
 Include culturally and linguistically appropriate components in each training topic to include culturally and linguistically appropriate standards, language access services, and culturally competent care for
underrepresented and or underserved individuals accessing and receiving services.        

18.8.4 
 Allocate financial resources to provide initial and ongoing training, technical assistance, and professional development (coaching/modeling) to all personnel, service providers, and members.    

18.8.5 
 Maintain a sufficient number of accessible qualified trainers who are subject matter experts in the training topic to effectively facilitate training sessions and develop training curriculums.    

18.8.6 
 Submit and demonstrate evidence of completion of all training requirements for personnel, service providers, and members, which may include but not limited to: the number of participants, participant completion lists,
training calendars, training curriculums, training assessments, and sign in sheets as part of ongoing reporting.        

18.8.7 
 Provide and track initial orientation and training for contractor and subcontractor staff to become knowledgeable and skilled with understanding, implementing, and operating in a health care delivery system to include
but not limited to: AHCCCS Overview; Assessment/Screening Tools; Clinical Protocols/Best Practices; Complaint/Grievance Processes; Confidentiality/HIPAA; Cultural Competency; Customer Service; Demographic Data Sets, Fraud, Waste, and Abuse; Managed
Care Concepts; Step Therapy; Special Assistance; appropriate utilization of emergency room services including behavioral health emergencies; and Quality of Care Concerns.    

18.8.8 
 Provide and track ongoing training to sustain and enhance the knowledge and skills of contractor staff, subcontractor staff, and system stakeholders to include but not limited to: American Society of Addiction Medicine
(ASAM) Criteria (Third Edition, 2013) in substance use disorder assessments, service planning, and level of care placement; Child and Adolescent Service Intensity Instrument (CASII); Cultural Competency; Demographic Data Sets/Encounters; Disability
Benefits 101; Fraud, Waste, and Abuse; Special Assistance, Ticket to Work; Quality of Care Concerns, and Workforce Development.        

18.8.9 
 Ensure compliance and documentation of trainings of contractor and subcontractor staff as applicable to maintain licensure and/certifications to include but not limited to: ADHS/Division of Licensing Services; Home Care
Training to Home Care Clients (HCTCs); and Community Service Agencies (CSAs).        

18.8.10 
 Provide and track training to child serving state agencies on the Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery referenced in AMPM Policy 430 and for coaching state agency personnel in working with
children and families who have behavioral health needs.        

18.8.11 
 Make available and track trainings, coaching and collaboration with other collaborative partners, to include but limited to: Adult Protective Services (APS), Department of Corrections, First Responders and Educational
Entities on the Arizona System Principles, Recovery and Resiliencies Adult Principles to increase awareness for personnel working with individuals and families who have behavioral health needs.    

18.8.12 
   Train on prior authorization processes to member service personnel within Greater Arizona on the utilization of
mapping search engines such as MapQuest,     
      183  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Yahoo Maps or Google Maps for the purpose of authorizing services, recommending providers, and transporting members to the most geographically appropriate location.    

18.8.13 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS to coordinate and deliver training in response to identified needs and participation in the Workforce Development Operations Committee meetings.    

18.9  
  Training Reporting Requirements         

18.9.1 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to Training in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
   The Contractor shall:  

18.10.1 
 Retain consent and authorization for medical records as prescribed in A.R.S.   12-2297 and in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Behavioral Health Medical Record Standards, or its successor. HIPAA related
documents must be retained for a period of six years per, 45 CFR 164.530(j)(2).        

18.10.2 
 Not be responsible as the owner of a member s medical record, which is the property of the provider who generates the record.        

18.10.3 
 Provide each member who requests one copy of his or her medical record at no cost annually and review the member s request to amend or correct the medical record, as specified in, 45 CFR part 164 and applicable
state law.        

18.10.4 
 Require subcontracted service providers to create a medical record when information is received about a member. If the PCP has not yet seen the member, such information may be kept temporarily in an appropriately
labeled file, in lieu of establishing a medical record, but must be associated with the member s medical record as soon as one is established.        

18.10.5 
 Create written policies and procedures for the maintenance of medical records, which are documented accurately, timely, are readily accessible and permit prompt and systematic retrieval of information while maintaining
confidentiality.        

18.10.6 
 Create written standards for documentation on the medical record for legibility, accuracy and plan of care, which comply with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual and the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Behavioral Health Medical Record
Standards, or its successor.        

18.10.7 
 Create written plans for providing training and evaluating providers  compliance with the Contractor s medical records  standards.    

18.10.8 
 Require subcontracted service providers to maintain legible, signed and dated medical records as follows:        

184  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.10.8.5 
 When a member changes his or her PCP, forward the member s medical record or copies of it to the new PCP within 10 business days from receipt of the request for transfer of the medical record.    

18.10.8.6 
 Provide AHCCCS access to all members  medical records whether electronic or paper within the time specified by AHCCCS.        

18.10.8.7 
 Comply with federal and state confidentiality statutes, rules and regulations to protect medical records and any other personal health information that may identify a particular member or subset of members.

18.10.8.9 
 Provide initial and ongoing training to staff and providers to comply with confidentiality requirements and Contractor s medical records standards.    

18.10.8.10 
 Have the discretion to obtain a copy of a member s medical records without written approval of the member, if the reason for such request is directly related to the administration of service delivery.

18.10.8.11 
 Have the discretion to release information related to fraud and abuse so long as protected HIV-related information is not disclosed (A.R.S.  36-664) and substance abuse information shall only be disclosed
consistent with Federal and State law, including but not limited to, 42 CFR 2.1 et seq.        
   The Contractor shall:  

18.11.2 
 Retain consent and authorization medical records as prescribed in A.R.S.   12-2297 and in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy on Behavioral Health Medical Record Standards, or its successor.    
   
   The Contractor shall maintain policies and procedures addressing
advanced directives for adult members as specified in, 42 CFR 422.128 and the ADHS/DBHS policy on Advance Directives, or its successor:      

18.12.1 
 Each contract or agreement with a hospital, nursing facility, home health agency, hospice or organization responsible for providing personal care, must comply with Federal and State law regarding advance directives for
adult members, 42 CFR 438.6(i)(1). Requirements include:        

18.12.1.1 
   Maintain written policies that address the rights of adult members to make decisions about medical care,
including the right to accept or     
      185  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

refuse medical care, and the right to execute an advance directive. If the agency/organization has a conscientious objection to carrying out an advance directive, it must be explained in
policies. A health care provider is not prohibited from making such objection when made pursuant to A.R.S.  36-3205.C.        

18.12.1.2 
 Provide written information to adult members regarding an individual s rights under State law to make decisions regarding medical care, and the health care provider s written policies concerning advance
directives, including any conscientious objections, 42 CFR 438.6(i)(3);        

18.12.1.3 
 Documenting in the member s medical record whether or not the adult member has been provided the information, and whether an advance directive has been executed;    

18.12.1.4 
 Not discriminating against a member because of his or her decision to execute or not execute an advance directive, and not making it a condition for the provision of care; and    

18.12.1.5 
 Providing education to staff on issues concerning advance directives including notification of direct care providers of services, such as home health care and personal care, if any advanced directives are executed by
members to whom they are assigned to provide services.        

18.12.2 
 The Contractor shall require PCPs, which have agreements with the entities described above, to comply with the requirements of subparagraphs 18.12.1.1 through 18.12.1.5 above. The Contractor shall also encourage health
care providers specified in subparagraph 18.12.1 to provide a copy of the member s executed advanced directive, or documentation of refusal, to the member s PCP for inclusion in the member s medical record.    

18.12.3 
 The Contractor shall provide written information to adult members that describe the following:        

18.12.3.1 
 A member s rights under State law, including a description of the applicable State law;        

18.12.3.2 
 The organization s policies respecting the implementation of those rights, including a statement of any limitation regarding the implementation of advance directives as a matter of conscience;    

18.13.1 
 The Contractor shall develop, maintain and annually test a Business Continuity and Recovery Plan and Emergency Response as detailed in ACOM Policy 104, to manage unexpected events that may negatively and significantly
impact its ability to deliver services to members adequately serve members. All staff shall be trained on, and familiar with, the Plan. This Plan shall, at a minimum, include planning and training for:    

18.13.1.1 
 Electronic/telephonic failure at the Contractor s main place of business;    
      186  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.13.1.2 
 Complete loss of use of the main site and satellite offices out of State;        

18.13.1.4 
 Communication between the Contractor and AHCCCS in the event of a business disruption; and        

18.13.1.6 
 The Business Continuity and Recovery Plan shall be updated annually. The Contractor shall submit a summary of the Plan to AHCCCS as specified in  Exhibit-9  Deliverables.
       
   The Contractor shall:  

18.14.1 
 Upon AHCCCS  request, participate in health emergency response planning, preparation, and deployment in the event of a Presidential, State, or locally-declared disaster.    

18.14.3 
 Participate in the development of a comprehensive disaster response plan, including, at a minimum, specific measures for:        

18.14.3.3 
 Assess the needs of members, first responders and their families, victims, survivors, family members, and other community caregivers following an emergency or disaster considering short and long term stress management
techniques; and        

18.14.3.4 
 Maintain surveillance of health needs of members and the greater population in order to adjust health services to meet the population s demand during and following an emergency or disaster.    

18.14.4 
 Collaborate with local hospitals, emergency rooms, fire, and police to provide emergency health supports for first responders.        

18.14.5 
 Coordinate with other RBHAs and health care organizations to assist in a disaster in Maricopa County or in the event of a disaster in another region of the state.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.15.1 
 Comply with Legislative changes, directives, regulatory changes, or court orders related to any term in this Contract.        

18.15.2 
 Comply with program changes based on federal or state requirements that are unknown, pending or that may be enacted after Contract Award Date. Any program changes due to new or changing federal or state requirements
will be reflected in future Contract amendments.    
      187  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.15.3 
 Agree to an adjustment of capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements prior to Contract Performance Start Date or at any time during the Contract term for trend updates, impact cause by health care reform,
Medicare Integration, and program and other changes that affect expected service delivery or administrative costs.        

18.15.4 
 Recognize that AHCCCS will be in compliance with Federal and State transparency initiatives. AHCCCS may publicly report or make available any data, reports, analysis or outcomes related to Contractor activities,
operations and/or performance. Public reporting may include, but is not limited to, the following components:        

18.15.4.2 
 Identification and publication of top performing Contractors;        

18.15.4.7 
 Identification of Centers of Excellence for specific conditions, procedures or member populations; and        
   The following, which is not an all-inclusive
list, are examples of issues that could result in program changes, for which the Contractor shall:      

18.15.5 
 Comply with the applicable sections of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) including, but not limited to, the Health Insurer Fee and including those provisions as adopted by AHCCCS in the Arizona
State Plan.        

18.15.6 
 Participate in care coordination data sharing as prescribed by AHCCCS between Medicaid Managed Care Organizations (MCO) and Exchange Qualified Health Plans for those members that transition between Medicaid and Exchange
health care coverage.        

18.15.7 
 Comply with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid policies, directives and guidelines.        

18.15.8.3 
 That modify, alter or create obligations that affect programs, policies or requirements in this Contract;        

18.15.9.1 
 Comply with Regulatory changes affecting licensing, privileging, certification and credentialing.    
      188  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.15.9.2 
 Comply with CMS  approval or denial of any request by AHCCCS for an 1115 Waiver amendment, State Plan amendment or permission to participate in a demonstration project. This includes the waiver of member choice of
acute health plan that was submitted to CMS by AHCCCS in 2014, which would provide the state with the flexibility to require one Contractor(s) to provide integrated health care services to SMI members in Greater Arizona.    

18.15.9.3 
 Comply with Court orders in existing or future litigation in which the state is a defendant.        

18.15.9.4 
 Participate in any demonstration projects or activities to plan, promote and implement integrated health care service delivery and care coordination for dual eligible members.    
   
   ADHS and AHCCCS: BH16-0005  
 ADHS and ADOC: BH16-0015    ADHS
and ADOH: BH16-0090    ADHS and ADOH: BH16-0041  
 ADHS and ADOH: BH16-0043    ADHS
and ADE 14-14 ED: BH16-0033    ADHS and ASAP: BH16-0039  
 ADHS and ADES-RSA: BH16-0024  
 ADHS and Pima County Health Department: BH16-0091  
 ADHS and University of Arizona: BH16-0034  
 ADHS and University of Arizona: BH16-0037  
 ADHS and Gila River Tribe: BH16-0023  
 ADHS and Pascua Yaqui Tribe: BH16-0022      
   The following constitute pending items that may be
resolved after the issuance of this contract. Any program changes due to the resolution of the issues will be reflected in future amendments to the contract. Capitation rates may also be adjusted to reflect the financial impact of program changes.
The items in this paragraph are subject to change and should not be considered all-inclusive.      Federal and State Legislation  :
AHCCCS and its Contractors are subject to legislative mandates that may result in changes to the program. AHCCCS will either amend the contract or incorporate changes in policies incorporated in the contract by reference.  
   Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  : The Contractor shall comply with the applicable sections of the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) including, but not limited to, the Health Insurer Fee and including those provisions as adopted by AHCCCS in the Arizona State Plan. The Contractor  
      189  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
shall provide services to Medicaid eligible individuals who will be covered by the Medicaid restoration and expansion starting January 1, 2014. Additionally, upon CMS approval, AHCCCS will
implement modifications to cost sharing requirements, including but not limited to, the populations currently subject to mandatory and non-mandatory (also known as nominal or optional) copayments, copayment amounts, and services for which copays are
required. The effective date of these provisions will be communicated after CMS approval. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor time to modify systems and address member and provider communications.  
   Administrative Simplification  : Arizona Laws 2015, Chapter 19, Section 9 (SB 1480) enacts that from and after June 30,
2016, the provision of behavioral health services under the Division of Behavioral Health Services (DBHS) in the Department of Health Services is transferred to and shall be administered by the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS).
From and after June 30, 2016, the AHCCCS administration succeeds to the authority, powers, duties and responsibilities of DBHS with the exception of the Arizona State Hospital. This act does not alter the effect of any actions or impair the
valid obligations of DBHS taken before July 1, 2016. Administrative rules and orders that were adopted by DBHS continue in effect until superseded by administrative action by AHCCCS. Until administrative action is taken by AHCCCS, any reference
to DBHS in rules and orders is considered to refer to AHCCCS. All administrative matters, contracts and judicial and quasi-judicial actions, whether completed, pending or in process, of DBHS on July 1, 2016 are transferred to and retain the
same status with AHCCCS. AHCCCS and DBHS will work to administratively streamline contractual oversight and monitoring of the Tribal and Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (T/RBHAs) throughout Arizona, pursue continuous quality improvement, and
reduce fragmentation in healthcare delivery to develop an integrated system of healthcare. This merger will not impact what services are offered to members or how services are delivered.  
   
   The Contractor is required to comply with A.A.C. R9-22-711, ACOM Policy 431
and other directives by AHCCCS.      

18.17.1 
 Those populations exempt from copayments or subject to non-mandatory (also known as nominal or optional) copayments may not be denied services due to the inability to pay the copayment, 42 CFR 438.108. However, for
those populations subject to mandatory copayments services may be denied for the inability to pay the copayment.        
   The Contractor shall comply with the following:

18.18.1 
 Meet and maintain established telephone performance standards to ensure member and provider satisfaction as specified in ACOM Policy 435.    

18.18.2 
 Member Services and Provider Services/Claims Services telephonic performance standards. See ACOM Policy 435.        
   For telephonic performance:  

18.18.4 
 Respond to telephone calls within the maximum allowable speed of answer, which is 45 seconds.    
      190  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.18.5 
 Achieve the following standards for all calls to its member services and centralized provider telephone system:        

18.18.6 
 Calculate its performance with the standards as follows:        

18.18.6.1 
 The Monthly Average Abandonment Rate (AR) is the number of calls abandoned in a 24 hour period divided by the total number of calls received in a 24 hour period. The ARs are then summed and divided by the number of days
in the reporting period;        

18.18.6.2 
 First Contact Call Resolution Rate (FCCR) is the number of calls received in a 24 hour period for which no follow up communication or internal phone transfer is needed, divided by Total number of calls received in a 24
hour period. The daily FCCRs are then summed and divided by the number of days in the reporting period;        

18.18.6.3 
 The Monthly Average Service Level (MASL) is the calls answered within 45 seconds for the month reported, divided by the total of month s answered calls, plus the month s abandoned calls, plus, if available,
the month s calls receiving a busy signal; and        

18.18.6.4 
 The Speed of Answer is defined as the on line wait time in seconds that the member/provider waits from the moment the call is connected in the Contractor s phone switch until the call is picked up by a Contractor
representative or Interactive Voice Response System (IVR). If the Contractor has IVR capabilities, callers must be given the choice of completing their call by IVR or by Contractor representative    

18.18.6.5 
 Report performance on meeting the standards on a quarterly basis for both the Member Services and Provider telephone lines.        

18.18.6.6 
 For each of the Telephonic Performance Standards, report the number of days in the reporting period that the standard was not met.        

18.18.6.7 
 Report instances of down time for the centralized telephone lines, the dates of occurrence and the length of time they were out of service.    

18.18.6.8 
 Retain back up documentation for the report, to the level of measured segments in the 24 hour period a rolling 12 month period.        

18.18.7.2 
 Calculate the timeliness of provisional and initial credentialing by dividing the number of complete applications processed (approved/denied) during the time period by the number of complete applications that were
received during the time period.    
      191  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.18.9 
 Submit a quarterly report for all credentialing applications as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables and below:        

18.18.9.2 
 Number of completed applications received separated by type: provisional or initial;        

18.18.9.3 
 Number of completed provisional credentialing applications approved;        

18.18.9.4 
 Number of completed provisional credentialing applications denied;        

The Contractor shall:  

18.19.1 
 Be responsible to assess and screen to identify persons who may meet the SMI eligibility criteria; conduct SMI evaluations as required under the ADHS/DBHS Policy on SMI Eligibility Determinations, or its successor; and,
refer SMI evaluation results to an organization identified by AHCCCS that will determine whether a person meets the criteria for SMI Eligibility.        

18.19.2 
 Cooperate with the SMI Eligibility determination organization by establishing and implementing systems or processes for communication, consultation, data sharing and the exchange of information.    

18.19.3 
 Comply with standards and requirements for SMI Eligibility screening, evaluation and referral processes as directed by AHCCCS.        

18.19.4 
 Comply with applicable SMI Eligibility reporting requirements as directed by AHCCCS.        
   The Contractor shall:  

18.20.1 
   Be responsible for evaluating all operational changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and
determining whether those changes are material changes to the Contractor s business operations, 42 CFR 438.207 (c). All material changes to the business operations must be approved in advance by AHCCCS. Define a material change to business
operations as any change in overall business operations (e.g., policy, process, protocol, such as prior     
      192  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

authorization or retrospective review) that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as described in this Contract
including, but not limited to, any changes that would impact or is likely to impact. It also includes any change that would impact more than 5% of total membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.    

18.20.2 
 Submit a request for approval of a material change to business operations with information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the Contractor s plans for
maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM Policy 439 and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. AHCCCS will respond to the Contractor within 30 days of the submission. A material
change in the Contractor s business operations requires 30 days advance written notice to providers and members. For emergency situations, AHCCCS will expedite the approval process.    

18.20.3 
 Conduct meetings with providers and members to address issues or to provide general information and technical assistance related to federal and state requirements, changes in policy, reimbursement matters, prior
authorization and other matters as identified or requested by AHCCCS.        

18.21  
  Integrated Health Care Development Program       The Contractor shall:  

18.21.1 
 Establish an Integrated Health Care Program that is responsible for promoting integrated health service delivery at both the administrative and clinical level.    

18.21.2 
 Support the Integrated Health Care Program to provide leadership in collaborating with providers and system stakeholders to further integrated health care efforts.    

18.21.3.1 
 Describes Contractor s challenges, lessons learned, priorities, past experience, future plans/initiatives, innovations, trends and opportunities related to integrated health care design and implementation;

18.21.3.2 
 Describes Contractor s short and long term strategies, goals and measures for promoting integrated health care service delivery;    

18.21.3.3 
 Describes Contractor s programs to educate providers, members and system stakeholders of its integrated health care programs;        

18.21.3.4 
 Describes Input from members, providers, and system stakeholders about their experiences with integrated health care services; and        

18.21.4 
 Submit the initial Integrated Health Report to AHCCCS two months after Contract Performance Start Date and subsequent Integrated Health Reports annually thereafter to AHCCCS, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.
   
      193  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

18.22.1 
 Include in its Governance Board or governance structure at least 25% of the voting members to be equally divided between peers and family members who are or have been active participants in the assigned geographical
service area of Greater Arizona Behavioral Health system.        

18.22.2 
 Not have Contractor staff serve as peer and family member representatives on the Governance Board.        

18.23  
  Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture and Change In Ownership         

18.23.1 
 A merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, and change in ownership of the Contractor shall require prior approval of AHCCCS, as specified in ACOM Policy 317 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The Contractor must
submit notification and a detailed transition plan to AHCCCS 180 days prior to the effective date as outlined in ACOM Policy 317. The purpose of the plan review is to ensure uninterrupted services to members, evaluate the new entity s ability
to maintain and support the contract requirements, and to ensure that services to members are not diminished and that major components of the organization and AHCCCS programs are not adversely affected by such merger, reorganization, joint venture
or change in ownership.        

18.23.2 
 A merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, and change in ownership of the Contractor may require a contract amendment. If the Contractor does not obtain prior approval, or AHCCCS determines that a merger,
acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership is not in the best interest of the State, AHCCCS may terminate this contract pursuant to Section, Terms and Conditions, Paragraph 45, Temporary Management/Operation of a Contractor
and Termination. AHCCCS may offer open enrollment to the members assigned to the Contractor should a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, or change in ownership occurs.    

18.23.3 
 AHCCCS will not permit one organization to own or manage more than one contract within the same program in the same GSA.        

18.24  
  Separate Incorporation and Prohibition Against Direct Service Delivery         

18.24.1 
 The Contractor shall be separately incorporated in Arizona or be a separate legal entity from a parent, subsidiary or other affiliated company related party or corporation for the purpose of conducting business as a
Contractor with AHCCCS, whose sole activity is the performance of the requirements of this Contract or other contracts with AHCCCS.        

18.24.2 
 A.R.S.   36-3410(C) prohibits a regional behavioral health authority and its subsidiaries from providing behavioral health services directly to clients. Because Contract requires that the Contractor be a separate
legal entity in Arizona whose sole activity is the performance of the requirements of this Contract, the statutory prohibition on direct behavioral health service deliver applies to the Contractor and any subsidiary of the Contractor.
   
      194  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19  
  MONITORING AND OPERATIONAL REVIEWS (OR)         
   The Contractor shall:  

19.1.1 
 Comply with all reporting requirements contained in this Contract. Requirements regarding reports, report content and frequency of submission of reports are subject to change at any time during the term of the Contract.

19.1.3 
 Be subject to administrative actions if a report or other information is submitted late, inaccurate, or incomplete.        

19.1.4 
 Comply with the following submission standards:        

19.1.5 
  Timeliness : Reports or other information must be received no later than 5:00 pm M.S.T. on the scheduled due date, unless otherwise noted. All deliverables which are noted to be submitted via SharePoint are to be
submitted to the SharePoint Contract Compliance Site at :    http://bhs-compliance.azahcccs.gov  . Should AHCCCS modify the submission process for deliverables, AHCCCS shall provide a letter of
instruction to the Contractor outlining changes to the deliverable submission process.        

19.1.6 
  Accuracy:  Reports or other information is prepared and submitted in strict conformity with appropriate authoritative sources and/or AHCCCS defined standards; and    

19.1.7 
  Completeness:  All required information shall be fully disclosed in a manner that is both responsive and relevant to the report s purpose with no material omissions.    

19.1.8 
 Comply with all changes as specified by AHCCCS, including those pertaining to subcontractor and provider reporting requirements.        

19.1.9 
 Continue to report throughout the contract close-out period in the event the Contract or any portion thereof, is terminated for any reason, or expires. These submissions include, but are not limited to, claims and
encounter data, grievance and appeals, and financial reports.        

19.1.10 
 Monitor subcontractor compliance with all applicable reporting requirements.      Under the terms and conditions
of its CMS grant award, AHCCCS requires periodic reports, encounter data and other information from the Contractor. The submission of late, inaccurate, or otherwise incomplete reports shall constitute failure to report subject to the penalty
provisions described in Contract Sections on; Sanctions      

19.2.1 
 The Contractor shall maintain records relating to covered services and expenditures including reports to AHCCCS and documentation used in the preparation of reports to AHCCCS. The Contractor shall comply with all
specifications for record keeping established by AHCCCS. All records shall be maintained to the extent and in such detail as required by AHCCCS rules and policies. Records shall include but not be limited to financial statements, records relating to
the quality of care, medical records, prescription files and other records specified by AHCCCS.        

19.2.2 
 The Contractor agrees to make available, at all reasonable times during the term of this contract, any of its records for inspection, audit or reproduction by any authorized representative of AHCCCS, State or Federal
government. The Contractor shall be responsible for any costs associated with the reproduction of requested information.    
      195  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.2.3 
 The Contractor shall preserve and make available all records for a period of five years from the date of final payment under this contract unless a longer period of time is required by law. For retention of patient
medical records, the Contractor shall ensure compliance with A.R.S.  12-2297 which provides, in part, that a health care provider shall retain patient medical records according to the following:    

19.2.3.1 
 If the patient is an adult, the provider shall retain the patient medical records for at least six years after the last date the adult patient received medical or health care services from that provider.

19.2.3.2 
 If the patient is under 18 years of age, the provider shall retain the patient medical records either for at least three years after the child s 18 th  birthday or
for at least six years after the last date the child received medical or health care services from that provider, whichever date occurs later.        

19.2.4 
 In addition, the Contractor shall comply with the record retention periods specified in HIPAA laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, 45 CFR 164.530(j)(2).    

19.2.5 
 If this Contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be preserved and made available for a period of five years from the date of any such termination. Records which
relate to grievances, disputes, litigation or the settlement of claims arising out of the performance of this contract, or costs and expenses of this contract to which exception has been taken by AHCCCS, shall be retained by the Contractor for a
period of five years after the date of final disposition or resolution thereof.        
   AHCCCS may, at any time during the term of this contract,
request financial or other information from the Contractor. Responses shall fully disclose all financial or other information requested. Information may be designated as confidential but may not be withheld from AHCCCS as proprietary. Information
designated as confidential may not be disclosed by AHCCCS without the prior written consent of the Contractor except as required by law. Upon receipt of such requests for information from AHCCCS, the Contractor shall provide complete information to
AHCCCS as requested no later than 20 days after the receipt of the request unless otherwise specified in the request itself.    If the
Contractor believes the requested information is confidential and may not be disclosed to third parties, the Contractor shall provide a detailed legal analysis to AHCCCS, within the timeframe designated by AHCCCS, setting forth the specific reasons
why the information is confidential and describing the specific harm or injury that would result from disclosure. In the event that AHCCCS withholds information from a third party as a result of the Contractor s statement, the Contractor shall
be responsible for all costs associated with the nondisclosure, including but not limited to legal fees and costs.      
   In addition to the annual member satisfaction survey, the Contractor shall be
required to perform annual, general or focused member surveys.    The Contractor shall:  

19.4.1 
 Obtain prior approval from AHCCCS for the survey tool if required to perform a survey or the Contractor initiates a survey that is not required.    
      196  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.4.2 
 Submit a scope of work and a timeline for the survey project if the survey is not initiated by AHCCCS. AHCCCS may require inclusion of certain questions.    

19.4.3 
 Submit data, results and the analysis of the results to AHCCCS within 45 days of the completion of the project.        

19.4.5 
 Cooperate should AHCCCS conduct surveys of the Contractor s membership and/or providers. The results of these surveys will become public information and available to all interested parties on the AHCCCS website.
The Contractor will be responsible for reimbursing AHCCCS for the cost of these surveys based on its share of AHCCCS enrollment.        

19.4.6 
 Note that surveys may include Home and Community Based (HCBS) Member experience surveys, HEDIS Experience of Care Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS) surveys. Survey findings may result in
the Contractor being required to develop a corrective action plan (CAP) to improve any areas noted by the survey or a requirement to participate in workgroups and efforts as a result of the survey results. Failure of the Contractor to develop a
corrective action plan (CAP) and improve the area may result in regulatory action.        

19.4.7 
 At least quarterly, the Contractor is required to survey a sample of its membership that have received services to verify that services the Contractor paid for were delivered as outlined in the ACOM Policy 424, [42 CFR
455.20].        

19.5  
  Monitoring and Independent Review of the Contractor       The Contractor shall:  

19.5.1 
 Perform monitoring and regulatory action as determined by AHCCCS if the Contractor does not achieve the desired outcomes or maintain compliance with the contractual requirements.    

19.5.2 
 Cooperate with any reviews conducted by AHCCCS. AHCCCS reserves the right to conduct reviews without notice to monitor contractual requirements and performance as needed.    

19.5.3 
 Comply with all other medical audit provisions as required by AHCCCS.        

19.5.4 
 Comply with all reporting requirements contained in this Contract and AHCCCS policy. In accordance with CMS requirements, AHCCCS has in effect procedures for monitoring the Contractors  operations to ensure program
compliance and identify best practices, including, but not limited to, evaluation of submitted deliverables, ad hoc reporting, and periodic focused and Operational Reviews. xxxv     

19.5.5 
 These monitoring procedures will include, but are not limited to, operations related to the following: xxxvi     

19.5.5.4 
 Violations of the conditions for receiving federal financial participation, as set forth in Subpart J of 42 CFR 438; and        
 
      197  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.5.6 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS on periodic Operational Reviews.        

19.5.8 
 The reviews will identify and make recommendations for areas of improvement, monitor the Contractor s progress towards implementing mandated programs or operational enhancements, and provide the Contractor with
technical assistance when necessary. The type and duration of the review will be solely at the discretion of AHCCCS.        

19.5.9 
 Except in cases where advance notice is not possible or advance notice may render the review less useful, AHCCCS will give the Contractor at least three weeks advance notice of the date of the scheduled Operational
Review.        

19.5.10 
 The Contractor will be furnished a copy of the draft Operational Review report and given an opportunity to comment on any review findings prior to AHCCCS issuing the final report.    

19.5.11 
 The Contractor shall not distribute or otherwise make available the Operational Review Tool, draft Operational Review Report or final report to other Contractors.    

19.5.12 
 Submit to AHCCCS, in advance, or as otherwise directed, all documents and information related to Contractor s, policies, procedures, job descriptions, contracts, logs, clinical and business practices, financial
reporting systems, quality outcomes, timeliness, access to health care services, and any other information requested by AHCCCS, 42 CFR 438.204.        

19.5.13 
 Make available on-site, or through other methods as directed by AHCCCS, all requested medical records and case records selected for the review.    

19.5.14 
 During the review and when requested by AHCCCS, produce, as soon as possible, any documents not requested in advance by AHCCCS, except medical records in the possession of a qualified service provider.

19.5.15 
 Allow AHCCCS to have access to Contractor s staff, as identified in advance, at all times during the review.        

19.5.16 
 Provide AHCCCS with workspace, access to a telephone, electrical outlets, internet access and privacy for conferences while on-site.    

19.5.17 
 Implement a corrective action plan when AHCCCS  review identifies deficiencies in performance. The corrective action plans and modifications to the corrective action plans must be approved by AHCCCS.

19.5.18 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS  follow-up reviews, monitoring or audits at any time after the Operational Review to determine the Contractor s progress in implementing a corrective action plan.    

19.5.20 
 Cooperate with an Administrative Review, other than the Operational Review, when directed by AHCCCS, if the Contractor undergoes a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or has a change in ownership, in
accordance with ACOM Policy 317.    
      198  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.5.21 
 Pay for any additional costs incurred by AHCCCS associated with on-site audits or other oversight activities that result when required administrative or managed care functions are located outside of the state.

19.5.22 
 Review and comment on a copy of the DRAFT of the findings that is provided prior to AHCCCS issuing the final report.        

19.5.23 
 Implement all recommendations, made by the Review Team to bring the Contractor into compliance with Federal, State, and/or Contract requirements.    

19.5.24 
 Submit all modifications to the corrective action plan for approval in advance to AHCCCS.        

19.5.25 
 Comply and work collaboratively with unannounced follow-up reviews that may be conducted at any time to determine the Contractor s progress in implementing recommendations and achieving compliance.

19.5.26 
 Be on notice that review findings may be used in the scoring of subsequent bid proposals submitted by the Contractor.        

19.6.1 
 In accordance with applicable Federal and State regulations, A.A.C. R9-22-606, ACOM Policy 408 and the terms of this contract, AHCCCS may impose sanctions for failure to comply with any provision of this contract.
Written notice will be provided to the Contractor specifying the sanction to be imposed, the grounds for such sanction and either the length of suspension or the amount of capitation to be withheld. The Contractor may dispute the decision to impose
a sanction in accordance with the process outlined in A.A.C. R9-34-401 et seq.        

19.6.2 
  Cure Notice Process : AHCCCS may provide a written cure notice to the Contractor regarding the details of the non-compliance. If a notice to cure is provided to the Contractor, the cure notice will specify the
period of time during which the Contractor must bring its performance back into compliance with contract requirements. If, at the end of the specified time period, the Contractor has complied with the cure notice requirements, AHCCCS will not impose
a sanction.        

19.6.3 
 AHCCCS may impose sanctions including but not limited to:        

19.6.3.3 
 Suspension of payment for recipients enrolled after the effective date of the sanction until CMS or AHCCCS is satisfied that the reason for imposition of the sanction no longer exists and is not likely to recur.

19.6.3.4 
 Additional sanctions allowed under statute or regulation that address areas of noncompliance.        
 
      199  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.6.4 
 For Technical Assistance the Contractor shall note the following Technical Assistance Provisions:        

19.6.4.1 
 Recognize AHCCCS  technical assistance to help the Contractor achieve compliance with any relevant contract terms or contract subject matter issues does not relieve the Contractor of its obligation to fully comply
with contract requirements or any and all other terms in this Contract.        

19.6.4.2 
 Recognize that the Contractor s acceptance of AHCCCS  offer or provision of technical assistance shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in a contract enforcement action in which compliance
with contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

19.6.4.3 
 Recognize that AHCCCS not providing technical assistance to the Contractor as it relates to compliance with a contract requirement or any and all other terms, shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in
a contract enforcement action in which compliance with contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

19.6.4.4 
 Should a subcontractor to the RBHA participate in the technical assistance matter, in full or in part, the subcontractor participation does not relieve the RBHA of its contractual duties nor modify the RBHA s
contractual obligations.        

20  
  SUBCONTRACTING REQUIREMENTS         

20.1  
  Subcontract Relationships and Delegation       All subcontracts must reference and require
compliance with the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions. See Minimum Subcontract Provisions on the AHCCCS Website.    The Contractor shall:

20.1.1 
 Be responsible for the administration, management and compliance with all requirements of this Contract, any subcontracts and hold subcontractors accountable for complying with all Contract terms, obligations and
performance. Delegation of performance to a subcontractor does not terminate, relieve or reduce the legal responsibility of the Contractor for compliance with all Contract requirements and federal and state laws [42 CFR 438.230(a) and 434.6(c)]. No
subcontract shall operate to terminate the legal responsibility of the Contractor to assure that all activities carried out by the subcontractor conform to the provisions of this contract.    

20.1.2 
 Evaluate the prospective subcontractor s ability to perform duties to be delegated.        

20.1.3 
 Specify in writing the activities and report responsibilities delegated to the subcontractor including terms for revoking delegation or imposing sanctions if the subcontractor s performance is inadequate, 42 CFR
438.6(l); 42 CFR438.230 (b)(2)(ii).        

20.1.4 
 Before entering into a subcontract which delegates duties or responsibilities to a subcontractor the Contractor must evaluate the prospective subcontractor s ability to perform the activities to be delegated. If
the Contractor delegates duties or responsibilities then the Contractor shall establish a written agreement that specifies the activities and reporting responsibilities delegated to the subcontractor. The written agreement shall also provide for
revoking delegation or imposing other sanctions if the subcontractor s performance is inadequate.    
      200  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The Contractor s local CEO must retain the authority to direct and prioritize any
delegated contract requirements. In order to determine adequate performance, the Contractor shall monitor the subcontractor s performance on an ongoing basis and subject it to formal review at least annually or more frequently if requested by
AHCCCS. As a result of the performance review, any deficiencies must be communicated to the subcontractor in order to establish a corrective action plan, 42 CFR 438.230(b). The results of the performance review and the correction plan shall be
communicated to AHCCCS upon completion.      

20.1.5 
 Develop and implement a quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards for all subcontracted transportation providers and require corrective action if standards are not met.

20.1.6 
 Inform AHCCCS in writing if a subcontractor is noncompliant to the extent it would affect its ability to perform the duties and responsibilities of the subcontract.    

20.1.7 
 Require all subcontracts to contain full disclosure of all terms and conditions including disclosure of all financial or other requested information.    

20.1.8 
 Have the discretion to designate Information related to subcontracts as confidential but may not withhold information from AHCCCS as proprietary. Information designated as confidential may be disclosed by AHCCCS as
required by law.        

20.1.9 
 Prohibit subcontractors, through the use of incentives or other practices, from denying, limiting or discontinuing medically necessary services to any member, 42 CFR 438.210(e).    

20.1.10 
 Prohibit covenant-not-to-compete requirements in its subcontracts.        

20.1.11 
 Allow subcontractors to provide services to any AHCCCS contractor.        

20.1.12 
 Include federal and state laws, regulations and policies in written agreements with subcontractors.        

20.1.13 
 Not subcontract with any individual or entity that has been debarred, suspended or otherwise lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity, excluded from participation in Federal health care
programs and shall include this requirement in written agreements with subcontractors.        

20.1.14 
 Not discriminate against particular providers that serve high-need populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment.    

20.1.15 
 Maintain a fully executed original or electronic copy of all subcontracts, which shall be accessible to AHCCCS within five business days of request by AHCCCS.    

20.1.16 
 Provide hospitals and provider groups 90 days  notice prior to a subcontract termination without cause. Subcontracts between the Contractor and sole practitioners are exempt from this requirement.

20.1.17 
 Develop and implement financial incentives or other methods in its subcontracts to improve whole health outcomes and to improve performance on the required SAMHSA National Outcome Measures (NOMS).    

20.1.18 
 Ensure the terms of subcontracts are subject to the applicable material terms and conditions of the contract existing between the Contractor and AHCCCS for the provision of covered services.    
      201  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.1.19 
 Be responsible for ensuring that its subcontractors are notified when modifications are made to the AHCCCS guidelines, policies, and manuals.    

20.1.20 
 Include in written agreements with subcontractors that subcontracted providers shall report all suspected Fraud, Waste, and Abuse (FWA) to AHCCCS-OIG regardless of funding source.    

20.1.21 
 Include the following verbatim in every contract in which the Contractor and subcontractor have a capitated arrangement/risk sharing arrangement:    

20.1.21.1 
 If  the Subcontractor  does not bill  the Contractor ,  the subcontractor s  encounter data that is required to be submitted to  the Contractor  pursuant to contract is defined for these
purposes as a  claim for payment .  The Subcontractor s  provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said claims shall be subject to review
under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute (A.R.S.)   36-2918.        

20.2  
  Hospital Subcontracts and Reimbursement       When subcontracting with hospitals for physical
health care services for SMI members, the Contractor shall:      

20.2.1 
 Reimburse hospitals for inpatient and outpatient hospital services, in the absence of a contract between the Contractor and a hospital providing otherwise, as required by A.R.S.   36-2904 and 2905.01, and 9
A.A.C. 22, Article 7, which includes without limitation: reimbursement of the majority of inpatient hospital services with discharge dates on and after October 1, 2014, using the APR-DRG payment methodology in R9-22-712.60 through R9-22-712.81;
reimbursement of limited inpatient hospital services with discharge dates on and after October 1, 2014, using per diem rates described in R9-22-712.61; and, in Pima and Maricopa Counties, payment to non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the
amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services. The required use of APR-DRG applies to Physical Health only.        

20.2.2 
 When the principal diagnosis on the inpatient claim is a behavioral health diagnosis (even when physical health services are included in the claim), the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using per diem rates
prescribed by AHCCCS and described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(B) regardless of the hospital type.        

20.2.3 
 When the principal diagnosis on the inpatient claim is a physical health diagnosis (even when behavioral health services are included in the claim), the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using the APR-DRG payment
methodology in A.A.C. R9-22-712.60 through A.A.C. R9-22-712.81 EXCEPT when the hospital is a rehabilitation hospital or a long term acute care hospital. For inpatient services with a principal diagnosis of physical health provided by a
rehabilitation hospital or a long term acute care hospital, the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using the per diem rates published in the Administration s capped fee schedule as described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(A).    

20.2.4 
 In Pima and Maricopa Counties, the Contractor shall pay non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services with a principal diagnosis of physical health. The 5% discount does not
apply to claims with a principal diagnosis of behavioral health.    
      202  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.2.5 
 Upon request, shall make available to AHCCCS, all hospital subcontracts and amendments. The Contractor is encouraged to obtain subcontracts with hospitals in all GSAs.    

20.2.6 
 Claims for services associated with transplants are paid in accordance with A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(A) and (C), except for inpatient transplant evaluation services which are paid using the APR-DRG payment methodology.
     The Contractor may:      

20.2.7 
 Conduct prepayment, concurrent and post-payment medical reviews of all hospital claims including outlier claims. Erroneously paid claims may be subject to recoupment. If the Contractor fails to identify lack of medical
necessity through prepayment and/or concurrent medical review, lack of medical necessity shall not constitute a basis for recoupment of paid hospital claims, including outlier claims unless the Contractor identifies the lack of medical necessity
through a post-payment medical review of information that the Contractor could not have discovered during a prepayment and/or concurrent medical review through the exercise of due diligence.    

20.2.8 
 The Contractor shall comply with Scope of Work Contract Sections on, Claims Payment System Requirements and General Claims Processing Requirements. A Contractor serving out-of-state border communities (except Mexico) is
strongly encouraged to establish contractual agreements with the out-of state hospitals in counties that are identified in ACOM policy 436. The Contractor is also encouraged to obtain subcontracts with all in state hospitals.    
 AHCCCS may:      

20.2.9 
 Require Contractor to execute a subcontract with a hospital if the number of emergency days at a non-subcontracted hospital becomes significant.    

20.2.10 
 Maricopa and Pima counties Only: The Inpatient Hospital Reimbursement Program is defined in the A.R.S.  36-2905.01, and requires hospital subcontracts to be negotiated between Contractors in Maricopa and Pima
counties to establish reimbursement levels, terms and conditions. Subcontracts shall be negotiated by the Contractor and hospitals to cover operational concerns, such as timeliness of claims submission and payment, payment of discounts or penalties
and legal resolution, which may, as an option, include establishing arbitration procedures. These negotiated subcontracts shall remain under close scrutiny by AHCCCS to insure availability of quality services within specific service districts,
equity of related party interests and reasonableness of rates.        

20.3  
  Management Services Agreements       The Contractor shall:  

20.3.1 
 Have the discretion to subcontract with qualified organizations under a comprehensive management services agreement upon the prior written approval of AHCCCS in conformance with, AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions
and Organizational Structure.        

20.3.2 
 Not delegate or enter into a subcontract or a comprehensive management services agreement to perform key operational functions that are critical for service delivery including integrated health care service delivery,
including, at a minimum:        
 
      203  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.3.2.5 
 Network and Provider Services contracting and oversight;        

20.3.3 
 Evaluate the performance of a subcontractor for the delivery of management services and submit the Annual Subcontractor Assignment and Evaluation Report in conformance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

20.3.4 
 Require management services subcontractors to prepare a Business Continuity and Recovery Plan.    
 AHCCCS may:      

20.3.5 
 Perform a review and audit of actual management fees charged or allocations made in management services agreements.        

20.3.6 
 Recoup funds or impose corrective action and financial sanctions if AHCCCS determines the fees or allocations actually paid in management services agreements are unjustified or excessive.    
   
   The Contractor shall submit to AHCCCS for prior approval:  

20.4.1 
 Any mergers, reorganizations or changes in ownership of a management services subcontractor.        

20.4.2 
 Any management services agreements or administrative services subcontracts at least 60 days prior to the subcontract start date as specified in ACOM Policy 438.    

20.5  
  AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions       The Contractor shall include the Minimum
Subcontract Provisions found on the AHCCCS Website at:  https://azahcccs.gov/PlansProviders/NewProviders/minimumsubcontractprovisions.html   
 In addition, each subcontract must contain the following:      

20.5.1 
 Full disclosure of the method and amount of compensation or other consideration to be received by the subcontractor;        

20.5.2 
 Identification of the name and address of the subcontractor;        

20.5.3 
 Identification of the population, to include patient capacity, to be covered by the subcontractor;        

20.5.4 
 The amount, duration and scope of medical services to be provided, and for which compensation will be paid;        

20.5.5 
 The term of the subcontract including beginning and ending dates, methods of extension, termination and re-negotiation;    
      204  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.5.6 
 The specific duties of the subcontractor relating to coordination of benefits and determination of third-party liability;        

20.5.7 
 A provision that the subcontractor agrees to identify Medicare and other third-party liability coverage and to seek such Medicare or third party liability payment before submitting claims to the Contractor;

20.5.8 
 A description of the subcontractor s patient, medical, dental and cost record keeping system;        

20.5.9 
 Specification that the subcontractor shall cooperate with quality management programs, and comply with the utilization control and review procedures specified in, 42 CFR Part 456, as specified in the AMPM;

20.5.10 
 A provision stating that a merger, reorganization or change in ownership of an Administrative Services subcontractor of the Contractor shall require a contract amendment and prior approval of AHCCCS;    

20.5.11 
 A provision that indicates that AHCCCS is responsible for enrollment, re-enrollment and disenrollment of the covered population;        

20.5.12 
 A provision that the subcontractor shall be fully responsible for all tax obligations, Worker s Compensation Insurance, and all other applicable insurance coverage obligations which arise under this subcontract,
for itself and its employees, and that AHCCCS shall have no responsibility or liability for any such taxes or insurance coverage;        

20.5.13 
 A provision that the subcontractor must obtain any necessary authorization from the Contractor or AHCCCS for services provided to eligible and/or enrolled members;    

20.5.14 
 A provision that the subcontractor must comply with encounter reporting and claims submission requirements as described in the subcontract;    

20.5.15 
 Provision(s) that allow the Contractor to suspend, deny, refuse to renew or terminate any subcontractor in accordance with the terms of this contract and applicable law and regulation;    

20.5.16 
 A provision that the subcontractor may provide the member with factual information, but is prohibited from recommending or steering a member in the member s selection of a Contractor; and    

20.5.17 
 A provision that compensation to individuals or entities that conduct utilization management and concurrent review activities is not structured so as to provide incentives for the individual or entity to deny, limit or
discontinue medically necessary services to any enrollee, 42 CFR 438.210(e).        

20.5.18 
 A provision that requires the subcontractor to assist members in understanding their right to file grievances and appeal in conformance with all AHCCCS grievance system and member rights policies.    

20.5.19 
 A requirement that the subcontractor shall not arbitrarily deny or reduce the amount, duration, or scope of a required service solely because of the diagnosis, type of illness, or condition of the member, 42 CFR
438.210(a)(3)(ii).        

20.5.20 
 For subcontractors licensed as an inpatient facility, Behavioral Health Residential or HCTC facility, a requirement to comply with Contractor s quality management and medical management programs.    

20.5.21 
 A provision that requires compliance with AHCCCS  and Contractor s quality management programs, medical management programs and shall comply with the utilization control and review procedures in conformance
with, 42 CFR Part 456, and the AHCCCS Medical and Policy Manual.    
      205  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.5.23 
 In the event of a modification to the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions the Contractor shall issue a notification of the change to its subcontractors within 30 days of the published change and ensure amendment of
affected subcontracts. Affected subcontracts shall be amended on their regular renewal schedule or within six calendar months of the update, whichever comes first. See also ACOM Policy 416.    

20.5.24 
  Administrative Services Subcontracts:  Administrative Services subcontracts shall be submitted to AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management for prior approval as specified in ACOM Policy 438 and Exhibit-9,
Deliverables. The Contractor shall require Administrative Services Subcontractors to adhere to screening and disclosure requirements as described in the Contract Section on, Corporate Compliance.    

20.5.25 
 AHCCCS will not permit one organization to own or manage more than one contract within the same program in the same GSA.        

20.5.26 
  Provider Agreements:  The Contractor shall not include covenant-not-to-compete requirements in its provider agreements. Specifically, the Contractor shall not contract with a provider and require that the provider
not provide services for any other AHCCCS Contractor. In addition, the Contractor shall not enter into subcontracts that contain compensation terms that discourage providers from serving any specific eligibility category.    

20.5.26.1 
 The Contractor must make reasonable efforts to enter into a written agreement with any provider providing services at the request of the Contractor more than 25 times during the previous contract year and/or are
anticipated to continue providing services for the Contractor. The Contractor must follow ACOM Policy 415 and consider the repeated use of providers operating without a written agreement when assessing the adequacy of its network.    

20.5.27 
 For all subcontracts in which the Contractor and subcontractor have a capitated arrangement/risk sharing arrangement, the following provision must be included verbatim in every contract:    

20.5.27.1 
 If  the Subcontractor  does not bill  the Contractor ,   the subcontractor s  encounter data that is required to be submitted to  the Contractor  pursuant to contract is defined for these
purposes as a  claim for payment .  The Subcontractor s  provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said claims shall be subject to review
under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute (A.R.S.)    36-2918  and 36-2932.    

20.5.28 
 If the Contractor has a contract for services with a licensed Level I facility or residential facility, the subcontract must include a requirement to accept all referrals from the Contractor.    

20.5.29 
 If the Contractor has a contract for services with a residential facility that serves juveniles, the subcontract must include a requirement to comply with all relevant provisions in A.R.S    36-1201.     
      206  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.5.30 
 If the Contractor has a contract for specialty services with a nursing facility or assisted living facility, these contracts must include Work Statements that outline the special services being purchased, including
admission criteria, discharge criteria, staffing ratios (if different from non-specialty units), staff training requirements, program description and other non-clinical services such as increased activities. In the event that a contract is
terminated with a nursing facility or assisted living facility in a GSA with more than one ALTCS Contractor, the Contractor must adhere to the requirements outlined in ACOM Policy 421.    

20.5.31 
 Nursing Facility subcontracts shall include a provision to ensure temporary nursing care registry personnel, including Nurse Aides, are properly certified and licensed before caring for members, in accordance with, 42
CFR 483.75(e) 3 and (g) 2. The provision must also require the subcontractor to ensure these registry personnel are fingerprinted as required by A.R.S.  36-411.    

20.6  
  Subcontracting Reporting Requirements       The Contractor shall submit the following related
to Subcontracting:    Annually      

20.6.1 
 Submit the Administrative Services Subcontractor Evaluation Report in accordance with ACOM Policy 438, and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
 Ad Hoc      

20.6.2 
 Within five business days of AHCCCS  request, fully executed copies of all subcontracts.        

20.6.3 
 If at any time during the period of the subcontract, the subcontractor is found to be in non-compliance, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS as specified in ACOM Policy 438, and
 Exhibit-9,  Deliverables. The Contractor will submit this in writing and provide the corrective action plan and any measures taken by the Contractor to bring the subcontractor into compliance.
   
      207  

EXHIBIT SUMMARY   
 RESERVED  
      208  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS      PART 1.
DEFINITIONS PERTAINING TO ALL AHCCCS CONTRACTS     The definitions specified in Part 1 below refer to terms found in all AHCCCS contracts. The definitions
specified in Part 2 below refer to terms that exist in one or more contracts but do not appear in all contracts.      

638 TRIBAL FACILITY 
    
 A facility that is owned and/or operated by a Federally recognized American Indian/Alaskan Native Tribe and that is authorized to provide services pursuant to Public Law 93-638, as amended. Also referred to as: tribally owned and/or
operated 638 facility, tribally owned and/or operated facility, 638 tribal facility, and tribally-operated 638 health program.  

ACUTE CARE CONTRACTOR 
    
 A contracted managed care organization (also known as a health plan) that provides acute care physical health services to AHCCCS members in the acute care program who are Title XIX or Title XXI eligible. The Acute Care Contractor is
also responsible for providing behavioral health services for its enrolled members who are treated by a Primary Care Provider (PCP) for anxiety, depression, and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Acute Care Contractors are also
responsible for providing behavioral health services for dual eligible adult members with General Mental Health and/or Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) needs.  

ACUTE CARE SERVICES 
    
 Medically necessary services that are covered for AHCCCS members and which are provided through contractual agreements with managed Care Contractors or on a Fee-For-Service (FFS) basis through AHCCCS.  

ADJUDICATED CLAIM 
    
 A claim that has been received and processed by the Contractor which resulted in a payment or denial of payment.  

ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES SUBCONTRACTS 
    
 An agreement that delegates any of the requirements of the contract with AHCCCS, including, but not limited to the following:  

a.      Claims processing, including pharmacy claims,   

b.      Credentialing, including those for only primary source
verification (i.e. Credential Verification Organization),   

c.      Management Service Agreements,   

d.      Service Level Agreements with any Division or Subsidiary of
a corporate parent owner,   

e.      DDD acute care subcontractors.   

Providers are not Administrative Services Subcontractors.  

ADULT 
    
 A person 18 years of age or older, unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule, or policies adopted by AHCCCS.  

AGENT 
    
 Any person who has been delegated the authority to obligate or act on behalf of a provider [42 CFR 455.101].  
 
      209  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

AHCCCS CONTRACTOR OPERATIONS MANUAL (ACOM) 
    
 The ACOM provides information related to AHCCCS Contractor operations and is available on the AHCCCS website at www.azahcccs.gov.  

AHCCCS ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION 
    
 The process of determining, through an application and required verification, whether an applicant meets the criteria for Title XIX/XXI funded services.  

AHCCCS MEDICAL POLICY MANUAL (AMPM) 
    
 The AMPM provides information regarding covered health care services and is available on the AHCCCS website at www.azahcccs.gov.  

AHCCCS MEMBER 
    
 See  MEMBER.   

AHCCCS RULES 
    
 See  ARIZONA ADMINISTRATIVE CODE.   

AMBULATORY CARE 
    
 Preventive, diagnostic and treatment services provided on an outpatient basis by physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants and/or other health care providers.  

AMERICAN INDIAN HEALTH PROGRAM (AIHP) 
    
 An acute care Fee-For-Service program administered by AHCCCS for eligible American Indians which reimburses for services provided by and through the Indian Health Service (IHS), tribal health programs operated under 638 or any other
AHCCCS registered provider. AIHP was formerly known as AHCCCS IHS.  

AMERICANS with DISABILITIES ACT (ADA) 
    
 The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability and ensures equal opportunity for persons with disabilities in employment, State and local government services, public accommodations, commercial facilities transportation,
and telecommunications. Refer to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, in 42 U.S.C. 126 and 47 U.S.C. 5.  

APPEAL RESOLUTION 
    
 The written determination by the Contractor concerning an appeal.  

ARIZONA ADMINISTRATIVE CODE (A.A.C.) 
    
 State regulations established pursuant to relevant statutes. Referred to in Contract as  Rules.  AHCCCS Rules are State regulations which have been promulgated by the AHCCCS Administration and published by the Arizona
Secretary of State.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES (ADHS) 
    
 The state agency that has the powers and duties set forth in A.R.S.  36-104 and A.R.S. Title 36, Chapters 5 and 34.  

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM (AHCCCS) 
    
 Arizona s Medicaid Program, approved by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services as a Section 1115 Waiver Demonstration Program and described in A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 29.  

ARIZONA LONG TERM CARE SYSTEM (ALTCS) 
    
 An AHCCCS program which delivers long-term, acute, behavioral health and case management services as authorized by A.R.S.  36-2931 et seq., to eligible members who are either elderly and/or have physical disabilities, and to
members with developmental disabilities, through contractual agreements and other arrangements.  
 
      210  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

ARIZONA REVISED STATUTES (A.R.S.) 
    
 Laws of the State of Arizona.  

BALANCED BUDGET ACT (BBA) 
    
 See  MEDICAID MANAGED CARE REGULATIONS.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH (BH) 
    
 A mental health and substance use/abuse collectively.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH DISORDER 
    
 Any behavioral, mental health, and/or substance use diagnoses found in the most current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of International Classification of Disorders (DSM) excluding those diagnoses such as mental
retardation, learning disorders and dementia, which are not typically responsive to mental health or substance abuse treatment.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL 
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33, whose scope of practice allows the individual to:  

a.         Independently
engage in the practice of behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.  32-3251; or   

b.      Except for a licensed substance abuse technician, engage in
the practice of behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.  32-3251 under direct supervision as defined in A.A.C.  R4-6-101.;    

c.      A psychiatrist as defined in A.R.S.
 36-501;   

d.      A psychologist as defined in A.R.S.
 32-2061;   

e.      A physician;   

f.         A registered nurse
practitioner licensed as an adult psychiatric and mental health nurse; or   

g.      A behavior analyst as defined in A.R.S.  32-2091;
or   

h.      A registered nurse.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES 
    
 Physician or practitioner services, nursing services, health-related services, or ancillary services provided to an individual to address the individual s behavioral health issue. See also  COVERED
SERVICES.   

BOARD CERTIFIED 
    
 An individual who has successfully completed all prerequisites of the respective specialty board and successfully passed the required examination for certification and when applicable, requirements for maintenance of
certification.  

BORDER COMMUNITIES 
    
 Cities, towns or municipalities located in Arizona and within a designated geographic service area whose residents typically receive primary or emergency care in adjacent Geographic Service Areas (GSA) or neighboring states,
excluding neighboring countries, due to service availability or distance.  
 
      211  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

CAPITATION 
    
 Payment to a Contractor by AHCCCS of a fixed monthly payment per person in advance, for which the Contractor provides a full range of covered services as authorized under A.R.S.  36-2904 and  36-2907.  

CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERVICES (CMS) 
    
 An organization within the United States Department of Health and Human Services, which administers the Medicare and Medicaid programs and the State Children s Health Insurance Program.  

CHILD 
    
 A person under the age of 18, unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule or policies adopted by AHCCCS.  

CHILD AND FAMILY TEAM (CFT) 
    
 A defined group of individuals that includes, at a minimum, the child and his or her family, a behavioral health representative, and any individuals important in the child s life that are identified and invited to participate
by the child and family. This may include teachers, extended family members, friends, family support partners, healthcare providers, coaches and community resource providers, representatives from churches, synagogues or mosques, agents from other
service systems like (DCS) Department of Child Safety or the Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). The size, scope and intensity of involvement of the team members are determined by the objectives established for the child, the needs of the
family in providing for the child, and by who is needed to develop an effective service plan, and can therefore expand and contract as necessary to be successful on behalf of the child.  

CHILDREN with SPECIAL HEALTH CARE NEEDS (CSHCN) 
    
 Children under age 19 who are blind, children with disabilities, and related populations (eligible for SSI under Title XVI). Children eligible under section 1902(e)(3) of the Social Security Act (Katie Beckett); in foster care or
other out-of-home placement; receiving foster care or adoption assistance; or receiving services through a family-centered, community-based coordinated care system that receives grant funds under section 501(a)(1)(D) of Title V (CRS).  

CLAIM DISPUTE 
    
 A dispute, filed by a provider or Contractor, whichever is applicable, involving a payment of a claim, denial of a claim, imposition of a sanction or reinsurance.  

CLEAN CLAIM 
    
 A claim that may be processed without obtaining additional information from the provider of service or from a third party but does not include claims under investigation for fraud or abuse or claims under review for medical
necessity, as defined by A.R.S.  36-2904.  

CLIENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (CIS) 
    
 The centralized processing system for files from each TRBHA/RBHA to AHCCCS as well as an informational repository for a variety of BH related reporting. The CIS system includes Member Enrollment and Eligibility, Encounter processing
data, Demographics and SMI determination processes.  

CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS (CFR) 
    
 The general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the departments and agencies of the Federal Government.  

CONTRACT SERVICES 
    
 See  COVERED SERVICES.    
      212  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

CONTRACTOR 
    
 An organization or entity that has a prepaid capitated contract with AHCCCS pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2904,  36-2940, or  36-2944 to provide goods and services to members either directly or through subcontracts with
providers, in conformance with contractual requirements, AHCCCS Statute and Rules, and Federal law and regulations.  

CONVICTED 
    
 A judgment of conviction has been entered by a Federal, State or local court, regardless of whether an appeal from that judgment is pending.  

COPAYMENT 
    
 A monetary amount that the member pays directly to a provider at the time covered services are rendered, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7.  

CORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN (CAP) 
    
 A written work plan that identifies the root cause(s) of a deficiency, includes goals and objectives, actions/ tasks to be taken to facilitate an expedient return to compliance, methodologies to be used to accomplish CAP goals and
objectives, and staff responsible to carry out the CAP within established timelines. CAPs are generally used to improve performance of the Contractor and/or its providers, to enhance Quality Management/Process Improvement activities and the outcomes
of the activities, or to resolve a deficiency.  

COST AVOIDANCE 
    
 The process of identifying and utilizing all confirmed sources of first or third-party benefits before payment is made by the Contractor.  

COVERED SERVICES 
    
 The health and medical services to be delivered by the Contractor as described in Section D, Program Requirements or the Scope of Work Section.  

CREDENTIALING 
    
 The process of obtaining, verifying and evaluating information regarding applicable licensure, accreditation, certification, educational and practice requirements to determine whether a provider has the required credentials to
deliver specific covered services to members.  

DAY 
    
 A day means a calendar day unless otherwise specified.  

DAY   BUSINESS/WORKING 
    
 A business day means a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday unless a legal holiday falls on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday.  

DELEGATED AGREEMENT 
    
 A type of subcontract agreement with a qualified organization or person to perform one or more functions required to be performed by the Contractor pursuant to this contract.  

DIVISION OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES (DBHS) 
    
 The state agency that formerly had the duties set forth by the legislature to provide BH services within Arizona.   
      213  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY/DIVISION OF DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES (DES/DDD) 
    
 The Division of a State agency, as defined in A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 5.1, which is responsible for serving eligible Arizona residents with a developmental/intellectual disability. AHCCCS contracts with DES/DDD to serve Medicaid
eligible individuals with a developmental/intellectual disability.  

DISENROLLMENT 
    
 The discontinuance of a member s eligibility to receive covered services through a Contractor.  

DIVISION OF HEALTH CARE MANAGEMENT (DHCM) 
    
 The division responsible for Contractor oversight regarding AHCCCS Contractor operations, quality, maternal and child health, behavioral health, medical management, case management, rate setting, encounters, and
financial/operational oversight.  

DUAL ELIGIBLE 
    
 A member who is eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid.  

DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT (DME) 
    
 Equipment that provides therapeutic benefits; is designed primarily for a medical purpose; is ordered by a physician/provider; is able to withstand repeated use; and is appropriate for use in the home.  

EARLY AND PERIODIC SCREENING, DIAGNOSTIC, AND TREATMENT (EPSDT) 
    
 A comprehensive child health program of prevention, treatment, correction, and improvement of physical and mental health problems for AHCCCS members under the age of 21. The purpose of EPSDT is to ensure the availability and
accessibility of health care resources as well as to assist Medicaid recipients in effectively utilizing these resources. EPSDT services provide comprehensive health care through primary prevention, early intervention, diagnosis, medically necessary
treatment, and follow-up care of physical and behavioral health problems for AHCCCS members less than 21 years of age. EPSDT services include screening services, vision services, dental services, hearing services and all other medically necessary
mandatory and optional services listed in Federal Law 42 U.S.C. 1396d(a) to correct or ameliorate defects and physical and mental illnesses and conditions identified in an EPSDT screening whether or not the services are covered under the AHCCCS
State Plan. Limitations and exclusions, other than the requirement for medical necessity and cost effectiveness, do not apply to EPSDT services.  

EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITION 
    
 A medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (including severe pain) such that a prudent layperson who possesses an average knowledge of health and medicine could reasonably expect the absence of
immediate medical attention to result in: a) placing the patient s health (or, with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeopardy, b) serious impairment to bodily functions, or c) serious
dysfunction of any bodily organ or part [42 CFR 438.114(a)].   
      214  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE 
    
 Covered inpatient and outpatient services provided after the sudden onset of an emergency medical condition as defined above. These services must be furnished by a qualified provider, and must be necessary to evaluate or stabilize
the emergency medical condition [42 CFR 438.114(a)].  

ENCOUNTER 
    
 A record of a health care-related service rendered by a provider or providers registered with AHCCCS to a member who is enrolled with a Contractor on the date of service.  

ENROLLEE 
    
 A Medicaid recipient who is currently enrolled with a Contractor [42 CFR 438.10(a)].  

ENROLLMENT 
    
 The process by which an eligible person becomes a member of a Contractor s plan.  

EQUITY PARTNERS 
    
 The sponsoring organizations or parent companies of the managed care organization that share in the returns generated by the organization, both profits and liabilities.  

EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE 
    
 An intervention that is recognized as effective in treating a specific health-related condition based on scientific research; the skill and judgment of care health professionals; and the unique needs, concerns and preferences of the
person receiving services.  

EXHIBITS 
    
 All items attached as part of the solicitation.  

FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION (FFP) 
    
 FFP refers to the contribution that the Federal government makes to the Title XIX and Title XXI program portions of AHCCCS, as defined in 42 CFR 400.203.  

FEE-FOR-SERVICE (FFS) 
    
 A method of payment to an AHCCCS registered provider on an amount-per-service basis for services reimbursed directly by AHCCCS for members not enrolled with a managed care Contractor.  

FEE-FOR-SERVICE MEMBER 
    
 A Title XIX or Title XXI eligible individual who is not enrolled with an AHCCCS Contractor.  

FISCAL AGENT 
    
 A Contractor that processes or pays vendor claims on behalf of the Medicaid agency, 42 CFR 455.101.  

FRAUD 
    
 An intentional deception or misrepresentation made by a person with the knowledge that the deception could result in some unauthorized benefit to himself or some other person. It includes any act that constitutes fraud under
applicable State or Federal law, as defined in 42 CFR 455.2.  

GENERAL MENTAL HEALTH/SUBSTANCE ABUSE (GMH/SA) 
    
 A classification of adult persons age 18 and older who have general behavioral health issues, have not been determined to have a serious mental illness, but are eligible to receive covered behavioral health
services.   
      215  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

GEOGRAPHIC SERVICE AREA (GSA) 
    
 An area designated by AHCCCS within which a Contractor of record provides, directly or through subcontract, covered health care service to a member enrolled with that Contractor of record, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article
1.  

GRIEVANCE SYSTEM 
    
 A system that includes a process for enrollee grievances, SMI grievances, enrollee appeals, provider claim disputes, and access to the state fair hearing system.  

HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL 
    
 A physician, podiatrist, optometrist, chiropractor, psychologist, dentist, physician assistant, physical or occupational therapist, therapist assistant, speech language pathologist, audiologist, registered or practical nurse
(including nurse practitioner, clinical nurse specialist, certified registered nurse anesthetist and certified nurse midwife), licensed social worker, registered respiratory therapist, licensed marriage and family therapist and licensed professional
counselor.  

HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT (HIPAA) 
    
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act; also known as the Kennedy-Kassebaum Act, signed August 21, 1996 as amended and as reflected in the implementing regulations at 45 CFR Parts 160, 162, and 164.  

HEALTH PLAN 
    
 See  CONTRACTOR.   

INCURRED BUT NOT REPORTED LIABILITY (IBNR) 
    
 Incurred but not reported liability for services rendered for which claims have not been received.  

INDIVIDUAL RECOVERY PLAN (FORMERLY KNOWN AS THE INDIVIDUAL SERVICE PLAN) 
    
 See  SERVICE PLAN   

INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES (IHS) 
    
 The operating division within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, responsible for providing medical and public health services to members of federally recognized Tribes and Alaska Natives as outlined in 25 U.S.C.
1661.  

INFORMATION SYSTEMS 
    
 The component of the Offerors organization which supports the Information Systems, whether the systems themselves are internal to the organization (full spectrum of systems staffing), or externally contracted (internal oversight and
support).   
      216  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENT (IGA) 
    
 When authorized by legislative or other governing bodies, two or more public agencies or public procurement units by direct contract or agreement may contract for services or jointly exercise any powers common to the contracting
parties and may enter into agreements with one another for joint or cooperative action or may form a separate legal entity, including a nonprofit corporation to contract for or perform some or all of the services specified in the contract or
agreement or exercise those powers jointly held by the contracting parties. A.R.S. Title 11, Chapter 7, Article 3 (A.R.S.  11-952.A).  

LIABLE PARTY 
    
 An individual, entity, or program that is or may be liable to pay all or part of the medical cost of injury, disease or disability of an AHCCCS applicant or member as defined in A.A.C. R9-22-1001.  

LIEN 
    
 A legal claim, filed with the County Recorder s office in which a member resides and in the county an injury was sustained for the purpose of ensuring that AHCCCS receives reimbursement for medical services paid. The lien is
attached to any settlement the member may receive as a result of an injury.  

MAJOR UPGRADE 
    
 Any systems upgrade or changes that may result in a disruption to the following: loading of contracts, providers or members, issuing prior authorizations or the adjudication of claims.  

MANAGED CARE 
    
 Systems that integrate the financing and delivery of health care services to covered individuals by means of arrangements with selected providers to furnish comprehensive services to members; establish explicit criteria for the
selection of health care providers; have financial incentives for members to use providers and procedures associated with the plan; and have formal programs for quality, medical management and the coordination of care.  

MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT 
    
 A type of subcontract with an entity in which the owner of the Contractor delegates all or substantially all management and administrative services necessary for the operation of the Contractor.  

MATERIAL CHANGE TO BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
    
 Any change in overall operations that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as required in contract including, but not limited to, any change that would
impact or is likely to impact more than 5% of total membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.  

MANAGING EMPLOYEE 
    
 A general manager, business manager, administrator, director, or other individual who exercises operational or managerial control over or who directly or indirectly conducts the day-to-day operation of an institution, organization
or agency [42 CFR 455.101].  

MATERIAL OMISSION 
    
 A fact, data or other information excluded from a report, contract, etc., the absence of which could lead to erroneous conclusions following reasonable review of such report, contract,
etc.   
      217  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

MEDICAID 
    
 A Federal/State program authorized by Title XIX of the Social Security Act, as amended.  

MEDICAID MANAGED CARE REGULATIONS 
    
 The Federal law mandating, in part, that States ensure the accessibility and delivery of quality health care by their managed care Contractors. These regulations were promulgated pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act (BBA) of
1997.  

MEDICARE 
    
 A Federal program authorized by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as amended.  

MEDICAL MANAGEMENT (MM) 
    
 An integrated process or system that is designed to assure appropriate utilization of health care resources, in the amount and duration necessary to achieve desired health outcomes, across the continuum of care (from prevention to
end of life care).  

MEDICAL RECORDS 
    
 A chronological written account of a patient s examination and treatment that includes the patient s medical history and complaints, the provider s physical findings, behavioral health findings, the results of
diagnostic tests and procedures, medications and therapeutic procedures, referrals and treatment plans.  

MEDICAL SERVICES 
    
 Medical care and treatment provided by a Primary Care Provider (PCP), attending physician or dentist or by a nurse or other health related professional and technical personnel at the direction/order of a licensed physician or
dentist.  

MEDICALLY NECESSARY 
    
 As defined in 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 101. Medically necessary means a covered service provided by a physician or other licensed practitioner of the health arts within the scope of practice under State law to prevent disease, disability
or other adverse conditions or their progression, or prolong life.  

MEDICALLY NECESSARY SERVICES 
    
 Those covered services provided by qualified service providers within the scope of their practice to prevent disease, disability and other adverse health conditions or their progression or to prolong life.  

MEMBER 
    
 An eligible person who is enrolled in AHCCCS, as defined in A.R.S.  36-2931,  36-2901,  36-2901.01 and A.R.S.  36-2981.  

MEMBER INFORMATION MATERIALS 
    
 Any materials given to the Contractor s membership. This includes, but is not limited to: member handbooks, member newsletters, surveys, on hold messages and health related brochures/reminders and videos, form letter templates,
and website content. It also includes the use of other mass communication technology such as e-mail and voice recorded information messages delivered to a member s phone.  

NATIONAL PROVIDER IDENTIFIER (NPI) 
    
 A unique identification number for covered health care providers, assigned by the CMS contracted national enumerator.   
      218  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

NON-CONTRACTING PROVIDER 
    
 A person or entity that provides services as prescribed in A.R.S.  36-2901 who does not have a subcontract with an AHCCCS Contractor.  

OFFEROR 
    
 An organization or other entity that submits a proposal to AHCCCS in response to a Request For Proposal as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 1.  

PARENT 
    
 A biological, adoptive, or custodial mother or father of a child, or an individual who has been appointed as a legal guardian or custodian of a child by a court of competent jurisdiction.  

PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT PROJECT (PIP) 
    
 A planned process of data gathering, evaluation and analysis to determine interventions or activities that are projected to have a positive outcome. A PIP includes measuring the impact of the interventions or activities toward
improving the quality of care and service delivery. Formerly referred to as Quality Improvement Projects (QIP).  

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS 
    
 A set of standardized measures designed to assist AHCCCS in evaluating, comparing and improving the performance of its Contractors.  

POST STABILIZATION CARE SERVICES 
    
 Medically necessary services, related to an emergency medical condition provided after the member s condition is sufficiently stabilized in order to maintain, improve or resolve the member s condition so that the member
could alternatively be safely discharged or transferred to another location [42 CFR 438-114(a)].  

POTENTIAL ENROLLEE 
    
 A Medicaid-eligible recipient who is not yet enrolled with a Contractor [42 CFR 438.10(a)].  

PREPAID MEDICAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (PMMIS) 
    
 An integrated information infrastructure that supports AHCCCS operations, administrative activities and reporting requirements.  

PREMIUM TAX 
    
 The premium tax is equal to the tax imposed pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2905 for all payments made to Contractors for the contract year.  

PRIMARY CARE PROVIDER (PCP) 
    
 An individual who meets the requirements of A.R.S.  36-2901, and who is responsible for the management of the member s health care. A PCP may be a physician defined as a person licensed as an allopathic or osteopathic
physician according to A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 13 or Chapter 17, or a practitioner defined as a physician assistant licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 25, or a certified nurse practitioner licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 15. The PCP
must be an individual, not a group or association of persons, such as a clinic.   
      219  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

PRIMARY PREVENTION 
    
 The focus on methods to reduce, control, eliminate and prevent the incidence or onset of physical or mental health disease through the application of interventions before there is any evidence of disease or injury.  

PRIOR AUTHORIZATION 
    
 Prior authorization is a process used to determine in advance of provision whether or not a prescribed procedure, service, or medication will be covered. The process is intended to act as a safety and cost savings measure.  

PRIOR PERIOD 
    
 See  PRIOR PERIOD COVERAGE.   

PRIOR PERIOD COVERAGE (PPC) 
    
 The period of time prior to the member s enrollment, during which a member is eligible for covered services. The timeframe is from the effective date of eligibility (usually the first day of the month of application) until the
date the member is enrolled with the Contractor. Refer to 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 1. If a member made eligible via the Hospital Presumptive Eligibility (HPE) program is subsequently determined eligible for AHCCCS via the full application process, prior
period coverage for the member will be covered by AHCCCS Fee-For-Service and the member will be enrolled with the Contractor only on a prospective basis.  

PRIOR QUARTER COVERAGE 
    
 The period of time prior to an individual s month of application for AHCCCS coverage, during which a member may be eligible for covered services. Prior Quarter Coverage is limited to the three month time period prior to the
month of application. An applicant may be eligible during any of the three months prior to application if the applicant:  

1.     Received one or more covered services described in 9 A.A.C. 22,
Article 2 and Article 12, and 9 A.A.C. 28, Article 2 during the month; and   

2.     Would have qualified for Medicaid at the time services were received if
the person had applied regardless of whether the person is alive when the application is made. Refer to A.A.C. R9-22-303   

AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services received during the prior quarter.  

PROGRAM CONTRACTOR 
    
 See  CONTRACTOR   

PROVIDER 
    
 Any person or entity that contracts with AHCCCS or a Contractor for the provision of covered services to members according to the provisions A.R.S.  36-2901 or any subcontractor of a provider delivering services pursuant to
A.R.S.  36-2901.  

PROVIDER GROUP 
    
 Two or more health care professionals who practice their profession at a common location (whether or not they share facilities, supporting staff, or equipment).  
 
      220  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

PRUDENT LAYPERSON     
 (for purposes of determining whether an emergency medical condition exists)  
    
 A person without medical training who relies on the experience, knowledge and judgment of a reasonable person to make a decision regarding whether or not the absence of immediate medical attention will result in: 1) placing the
health of the individual in serious jeopardy, 2) serious impairment to bodily functions, or 3) serious dysfunction of a bodily part or organ.  

QUALIFIED MEDICARE BENEFICIARY DUAL ELIGIBLE (QMB DUAL) 
    
 A person determined eligible under A.A.C. R9-29-101 et seq. for Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB) and eligible for acute care services provided for in A.A.C. R9-22-201 et seq. or ALTCS services provided for in A.A.C. R9-28-201 et
seq. A QMB dual person receiving both Medicare and Medicaid services and cost sharing assistance.  

REFERRAL 
    
 A verbal, written, telephonic, electronic or in-person request for health services.  

REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY (RBHA) 
    
 A Managed Care Organization that has a contract with the administration, the primary purpose of which is to coordinate the delivery of comprehensive mental health services to all eligible persons assigned by the administration to
the managed care organization. Additionally the Managed Care Organization shall coordinate the delivery of comprehensive physical health services to all eligible persons with a serious mental illness enrolled by the administration to the managed
care organization.  

REINSURANCE 
    
 A risk-sharing program provided by AHCCCS to Contractors for the reimbursement of certain contract service costs incurred for a member beyond a predetermined monetary threshold.  

RELATED PARTY 
    
 A party that has, or may have, the ability to control or significantly influence a Contractor, or a party that is, or may be, controlled or significantly influenced by a Contractor.  Related parties  include, but are not
limited to, agents, managing employees, persons with an ownership or controlling interest in the Offeror and their immediate families, subcontractors, wholly-owned subsidiaries or suppliers, parent companies, sister companies, holding companies, and
other entities controlled or managed by any such entities or persons.  

REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) 
    
 A RFP includes all documents, whether attached or incorporated by references that are used by the Administration for soliciting a proposal under 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 6.  

ROOM AND BOARD (or ROOM) 
    
 The amount paid for food and/or shelter. Medicaid funds can be expended for room and board when a person lives in an institutional setting (e.g. NF, ICF). Medicaid funds cannot be expended for room and board when a member resides in
an alternative residential setting (e.g. Assisted Living Home, Behavioral Health Residential Facilities) or an apartment like setting that may provide meals.  

SCOPE OF SERVICES 
    
 See  COVERED SERVICES.    
      221  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT 
    
 A type of subcontract with a corporate owner or any of its Divisions or Subsidiaries that requires specific levels of service for administrative functions or services for the Contractor specifically related to fulfilling the
Contractor s obligations to AHCCCS under the terms of this contract.  

SERVICE PLAN 
    
 A complete written description of all covered health services and other informal supports which reflects applicable Evidence Based Practice Guidelines. The service plan includes individualized goals, family support services, care
coordination activities and strategies to assist the member in achieving an improved quality of life.  

SPECIAL HEALTH CARE NEEDS 
    
 Serious or chronic physical, developmental and/or behavioral health conditions. Members with special health care needs require medically necessary services of a type or amount beyond that generally required by members.  

SPECIALTY PHYSICIAN 
    
 A physician who is specially trained in a certain branch of medicine related to specific services or procedures, certain age categories of patients, certain body systems, or certain types of diseases.  

STATE 
    
 The State of Arizona.  

STATEWIDE 
    
 Of sufficient scope and breadth to address the health care service needs of members throughout the State of Arizona.  

STATE FISCAL YEAR 
    
 The budget year-State fiscal year: July 1 through June 30.  

STATE PLAN 
    
 The written agreements between the State and CMS, which describes how the AHCCCS program meets CMS requirements for participation in the Medicaid program and the State Children s Health Insurance Program.  

SUBCONTRACT 
    
 An agreement entered into by the Contractor with any of the following: a provider of health care services who agrees to furnish covered services to member; or with any other organization or person who agrees to perform any
administrative function or service for the Contractor specifically related to fulfilling the Contractor s obligations to AHCCCS under the terms of this contract, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 1.  

SUBCONTRACTOR 
    
 1. A provider of health care who agrees to furnish covered services to members.  

2. A person, agency or organization with which the Contractor has contracted or delegated some of its management/administrative functions or responsibilities.  

3. A person, agency or organization with which a fiscal agent has entered into a contract, agreement, purchase order or lease (or leases of real property) to obtain space, supplies equipment or services provided under the AHCCCS
agreement.  

SUBSIDIARY 
    
 An entity owned or controlled by the Contractor.   
      222  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS 
    
 A range of conditions that vary in severity over time, from problematic, short-term use/abuse of substances to severe and chronic disorders requiring long-term and sustained treatment and recovery management.  

SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME (SSI) AND SSI RELATED GROUPS 
    
 Eligible individuals receiving income through Federal cash assistance programs under Title XVI of the Social Security Act who are aged, blind or have a disability and have household income levels at or below 100% of the
FPL.  

THIRD PARTY LIABILITY (TPL) 
    
 See  LIABLE PARTY.   

TITLE XIX 
    
 Known as Medicaid, Title XIX of the Social Security Act provides for Federal grants to the states for medical assistance programs. Title XIX enables states to furnish medical assistance to those who have insufficient income and
resources to meet the costs of necessary medical services, rehabilitation and other services, to help those families and individuals become or remain independent and able to care for themselves. Title XIX members include but are not limited to those
eligible under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, Supplemental Security Income (SSI), SSI-related groups, Medicare cost sharing groups, Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Program and Freedom to Work Program. Which include those populations
42 U.S.C. 1396 a(a)(10)(A).  

TITLE XIX MEMBER 
    
 Title XIX members include those eligible under 1931 provisions of the Social Security Act (previously AFDC), Sixth Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (SOBRA), Supplemental Security Income (SSI) or SSI-related groups, Medicare Cost
Sharing groups, Adult Group at or below 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults  /= 106%), Adult Group above 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults   106%), Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment program, Title IV-E Foster Care and Adoption Subsidy,
Young Adult Transitional Insurance, and Freedom to Work.  

TREATMENT 
    
 A procedure or method to cure, improve, or palliate an individual s medical condition or behavioral health issue. Refer to A.A.C. R9-10-101.  

TRIBAL REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY (TRBHA) 
    
 An organization under contract with the State of Arizona that administers covered behavioral health services for Title XIX and XXI members. Tribal governments, through an agreement with the State, may operate a Tribal Regional
Behavioral Health Authority for the provision of behavioral health services to American Indian members. Refer to A.R.S.  36-3401,   36-3407,  and A.A.C. R9-22-1201.  
   [END OF PART 1 DEFINITIONS]  
      223  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

PART 2. DEFINITIONS PERTAINING TO ONE OR MORE AHCCCS CONTRACTS   

1931 (also referred to as TANF related) 
    
 Eligible individuals and families under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, with household income levels at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL). See also  TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES
(TANF).   

ABUSE (OF MEMBER) 
    
 Intentional infliction of physical, emotional or mental harm, caused by negligent acts or omissions, unreasonable confinement, sexual abuse or sexual assault as defined by A.R.S.  46-451 and A.R.S.  13-3623.  

ABUSE (BY PROVIDER) 
    
 Provider practices that are inconsistent with sound fiscal, business or medical practices, and result in an unnecessary cost to the AHCCCS program, or in reimbursement for services that are not medically necessary or that fail to
meet professionally recognized standards for health care. It also includes recipient practices that result in unnecessary cost to the AHCCCS program as defined by 42 CFR 455.2.  

ACUTE CARE ONLY (ACO) 
    
 ACO refers to the enrollment status of a member who is otherwise financially and medically eligible for ALTCS but who either 1) refuses HCBS offered by the case manager; 2) has made an uncompensated transfer that makes him or her
ineligible; 3) resides in a setting in which Long Term Care Services cannot be provided; or 4) has equity value in a home that exceeds $552,000. These ALTCS enrolled members are eligible to receive acute medical services but not eligible to receive
LTC institutional, alternative residential or HCBS.  

ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COURTS (AOC) 
    
 The Arizona Constitution authorizes an administrative director and staff to assist the Chief Justice with administrative duties. Under the direction of the Chief Justice, the administrative director and the staff of the
Administrative Office of the Courts (AOC) provide the necessary support for the supervision and administration of all State courts.  

ADULT GROUP ABOVE 106% FEDERAL POVERTY LEVEL (ADULTS   106%) 
    
 Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income above 106% through 133% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

ADULT GROUP AT OR BELOW 106% FEDERAL POVERTY LEVEL 
    
 Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income at or below 106% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

(ADULTS  /= 106%) 

AGENT 
    
 Any person who has been delegated the authority to obligate or act on behalf of another person or entity.   
      224  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

AID FOR FAMILIES WITH DEPENDENT CHILDREN (AFDC) 
    
 See  TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES (TANF).   

ANNIVERSARY DATE 
    
 The anniversary date is 12 months from the date the member enrolled with the Contractor and annually thereafter. In some cases, the anniversary date will change based on the last date the member changed Contractors or the last date
the member was given an opportunity to change.  

ANNUAL ENROLLMENT CHOICE (AEC) 
    
 The opportunity for a person to change Contractors every 12 months.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CHILD SAFETY (DCS) 
    
 The department established pursuant to A.R.S.  8-451 to protect children and to perform the following:  

1. Investigate reports of abuse and neglect.  

2. Assess, promote and support the safety of a child in a safe and stable family or other appropriate placement in response to allegations of abuse or neglect.  

3. Work cooperatively with law enforcement regarding reports that include criminal conduct allegations.  

4. Without compromising child safety, coordinate services to achieve and maintain permanency on behalf of the child, strengthen the family and provide prevention, intervention and treatment services pursuant to this
chapter.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF JUVENILE CORRECTION (ADJC) 
    
 The State agency responsible for all juveniles adjudicated as delinquent and committed to its jurisdiction by the county juvenile courts.  

BED HOLD 
    
 A 24 hour per day unit of service that is authorized by an ALTCS member s case manager or the behavioral health case manager or a subcontractor for an acute care member, which may be billed despite the member s absence
from the facility for the purposes of short term hospitalization leave and therapeutic leave. Refer to the Arizona Medicaid State Plan, 42 CFR.   447.40 and 483.12, and 9 A.A.C. 28 for more information on the bed hold service and AMPM
Chapter 100.  
 
      225  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PARAPROFESSIONAL  
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual who is not a behavioral health professional who provides behavioral health services at or for a health care institution according to the health care institution s policies and
procedures that:  

a. If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health care institution, the individual would be required to be licensed as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33;
and  

b. Are provided under supervision by a behavioral health professional.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH RESIDENTIAL FACILITY 
    
 A health care institution that provides continuous treatment to an individual experiencing a behavioral health issue that causes the individual to:  

a.      Have a limited or reduced ability to meet the
individual s basic physical needs;   

b.        Suffer harm that
significantly impairs the individual s judgment, reason, behavior, or capacity to recognize reality;   

c.      Be a danger to self;   

d.      Be a danger to others;   

e.      Be persistently or acutely disabled as defined in A.R.S.
  36-501; or   

f.         Be gravely
disabled.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH TECHNICIAN 
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual who is not a behavioral health professional who provides behavioral health services at or for a health care institution according to the health care institution s policies and
procedures that:  

a. If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health care institution, the individual would be required to be licensed as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33;
and  

b. Are provided with clinical oversight by a behavioral health professional.  

BREAST AND CERVICAL CANCER TREATMENT PROGRAM (BCCTP) 
    
 Eligible individuals under the Title XIX expansion program for women with income up to 250% of the FPL, who are diagnosed with and need treatment for breast and/or cervical cancer or cervical lesions and are not eligible for other
Title XIX programs providing full Title XIX services. Qualifying individuals cannot have other creditable health insurance coverage, including Medicare.  
 
      226  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

CARE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM (CMP) 
    
 Activities to identify the top tier of high need/high cost Title XIX members receiving services within an AHCCCS contracted health plan; including the design of clinical interventions or alternative treatments to reduce risk, cost,
and help members achieve better health care outcomes. Care management is an administrative function performed by the health plan. Distinct from case management, Care Managers should not perform the day-to-day duties of service delivery.  

CASE MANAGEMENT 
    
 A collaborative process which assess, plans, implements, coordinates, monitors, and evaluates options and services to meet an individual s health needs through communication and available resources to promote quality,
cost-effective outcomes.  

CASH MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT ACT (CMIA) 
    
 Cash Management Improvement Act of 1990 [31 CFR Part 205]. Provides guidelines for the drawdown and transfer of Federal funds.  

CHILDREN S REHABILITATIVE SERVICES (CRS) 
    
 A program that provides medical treatment, rehabilitation, and related support services to Title XIX and Title XXI members who have completed the CRS application and have met the eligibility criteria to receive CRS-related services
as specified in 9 A.A.C. 22.  

CLIENT ASSESSMENT AND TRACKING SYSTEM (CATS) 
    
 A component of AHCCCS  data management information system that supports ALTCS and that is designed to provide key information to, and receive key information from ALTCS Contractors.  

COMPREHENSIVE MEDICAL AND DENTAL PROGRAM (CMDP) 
    
 A Contractor that is responsible for the provision of covered, medically necessary AHCCCS services for foster children in Arizona. Refer to A.R.S.  8-512.  

COMPETITIVE BID PROCESS 
    
 A state procurement system used to select Contractors to provide covered services on a geographic basis.  

COUNTY OF FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY 
    
 The county of fiscal responsibility is the Arizona county that is responsible for paying the state s funding match for the member s ALTCS Service Package. The county of physical presence (the county in which the member
physically resides) and the county of fiscal responsibility may be the same county or different counties.  

CRS-ELIGIBLE 
    
 An individual AHCCCS member who has completed the CRS application process, as delineated in the CRS Policy and Procedure Manual, and has met all applicable criteria to be eligible to receive CRS-related services as specified in 9
A.A.C. 22.  

CRS RECIPIENT 
    
 An individual who has completed the CRS application process, and has met all applicable criteria to be eligible to receive CRS related covered Services.   
      227  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITY (DD) 
    
 As defined in A.R.S.  36-551, a strongly demonstrated potential that a child under six years of age has a developmental disability or will become a child with a developmental disability, as determined by a test performed
pursuant to section 36-694 or by other appropriate tests, or a severe, chronic disability that:  

a. Is attributable to cognitive disability, cerebral palsy, epilepsy or autism.  

b. Is manifested before age eighteen.  

c. Is likely to continue indefinitely.  

d. Results in substantial functional limitations in three or more of the following areas of major life activity:  

(i) Self-care.  

(ii) Receptive and expressive language.  

(iii) Learning.  

(iv) Mobility.  

(v) Self-direction.  

(vi) Capacity for independent living.  

(vii) Economic self-sufficiency.  

e. Reflects the need for a combination and sequence of individually planned or coordinated special, interdisciplinary or generic care, treatment or other services that are of lifelong or extended duration.  

EPISODE OF CARE 
    
 The period between the beginning of treatment and the ending of covered services for an individual. The beginning and end of an episodes of care is marked with a demographic file submission. Over time, an individual may have
multiple episodes of care.  

FAMILY-CENTERED 
    
 Care that recognizes and respects the pivotal role of the family in the lives of members. It supports families in their natural care-giving roles, promotes normal patterns of living, and ensures family collaboration and choice in
the provision of services to the member.   
      228  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

FAMILY OR FAMILY MEMBER 
    
 A biological, adoptive, or custodial mother or father of a child, or an individual who has been appointed as a legal guardian or custodian of a child by a court of competent jurisdiction, or other member representative responsible
for making health care decisions on behalf of the member. Family members may also include siblings, grandparents, aunts and uncles.  

FEDERAL EMERGENCY SERVICES (FES) 
    
 A program delineated in A.A.C. R9-22-217, to treat an emergency condition for a member who is determined eligible under A.R.S.  36-2903.03(D).  

FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTER (FQHC) 
    
 A public or private non-profit health care organization that has been identified by the HRSA and certified by CMS as meeting criteria under Sections 1861(aa)(4) and 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act.  

FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTER LOOK-ALIKE 
    
 A public or private non-profit health care organization that has been identified by the HRSA and certified by CMS as meeting the definition of  health center  under Section 330 of the Public Health Service Act, but does
not receive grant funding under Section 330.  

FIELD CLINIC 
    
 A  clinic  consisting of single specialty health care providers who travel to health care delivery settings closer to members and their families than the Multi-Specialty Interdisciplinary Clinics (MSICs) to provide a
specific set of services including evaluation, monitoring, and treatment for CRS-related conditions on a periodic basis.  

FREEDOM OF CHOICE (FC) 
    
 The opportunity given to each member who does not specify a Contractor preference at the time of enrollment to choose between the Contractors available within the Geographic Service Area (GSA) in which the member is
enrolled.  

HOME 
    
 A residential dwelling that is owned, rented, leased, or occupied at no cost to the member, including a house, a mobile home, an apartment or other similar shelter. A home is not a facility, a setting or an institution, or a portion
and any of these, licensed or certified by a regulatory agency of the state as a defined in A.A.C. R9-28-101.  

HOME AND COMMUNITY BASED SERVICES (HCBS) 
    
 Home and community-based services, as defined in A.R.S.  36-2931 and  36-2939.  

INTEGRATED MEDICAL RECORD 
    
 A single document in which all of the medical information listed in Chapter 900 of the AMPM is recorded to facilitate the coordination and quality of care delivered by multiple providers serving a single patient in multiple
locations and at varying times.   
      229  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

INTERDISCIPLINARY CARE 
    
 A meeting of the interdisciplinary team members or coordination of care among interdisciplinary treatment team members to address the totality of the treatment and service plans for the member based on the most current information
available.  

INTERMEDIATE CARE FACILITY FOR PERSONS WITH INTELLECTUAL DISABILITIES (ICF) 
    
 A placement setting for persons with intellectual disabilities.  

JUVENILE PROBATION OFFICE (JPO) 
    
 An officer within the Arizona Department of Juvenile Corrections assigned to a juvenile upon release from a secure facility. Having close supervision and observation over juvenile s who are ordered to participate in the
intensive probation program including visual contact at least four times per week and weekly contact with the school, employer, community restitution agency or treatment program. (A.R.S.  8-353)  

KIDSCARE 
    
 Federal and State Children s Health Insurance Program (Title XXI   CHIP) administered by AHCCCS. The KidsCare I program offers comprehensive medical, preventive, treatment services, and behavioral health care services
statewide to eligible children under the age of 19, in households with income at or below 200% Federal Poverty Level (FPL). The KidsCare II program has the same benefits and premium requirements as KidsCare I, however household income limits cannot
be greater than 175% FPL. The KidsCare II program is available May 1, 2012 through January 31, 2014.  

MEDICAL PRACTITIONER 
    
 A physician, physician assistant or registered nurse practitioner.  

MEDICARE MANAGED CARE PLAN 
    
 A managed care entity that has a Medicare contract with CMS to provide services to Medicare beneficiaries, including Medicare Advantage Plan (MAP), Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Plan (MAPDP), MAPDP Special Needs Plan, or
Medicare Prescription Drug Plan.  

MULTI-SPECIALTY INTERDISCIPLINARY CLINIC (MSIC) 
    
 An established facility where specialists from multiple specialties meet with members and their families for the purpose of providing interdisciplinary services to treat members.  

PERSON WITH A DEVELOPMENTAL/ INTELLECTUAL DISABILITY 
    
 An individual who meets the Arizona definition as outlined in A.R.S.  36-551 and is determined eligible for services through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). Services for AHCCCS-enrolled acute and long term
care members with developmental/intellectual disabilities are managed through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities.   
      230  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

PRE-ADMISSION SCREENING (PAS) 
    
 A process of determining an individual s risk of institutionalization at a NF or ICF level of care as specified in 9 A.A.C. 28 Article 1.  

RATE CODE 
    
 Eligibility classification for capitation payment purposes.  

RISK GROUP 
    
 Grouping of rate codes that are paid at the same capitation rate.  

ROSTER BILLING 
    
 Any claim that does not meet the standardized claim requirements of 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7 is considered roster billing.  

RURAL HEALTH CLINIC (RHC) 
    
 A clinic located in an area designated by the Bureau of Census as rural, and by the Secretary of the DHHS as medically underserved or having an insufficient number of physicians, which meets the requirements under 42 CFR
491.  

SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL (SMI) 
    
 A person 18 years of age or older who has been determined to have a serious mental illness as defined in A.R.S.  36-550.  

SIXTH OMNIBUS BUDGET AND RECONCILIATION ACT (SOBRA) 
    
 Eligible pregnant women under Section 9401 of the Sixth Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1986, amended by the Medicare Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988, 42 U.S.C. 1396(a)(10)(A)(ii)(IX), November 5, 1990, with individually
budgeted incomes at or below 150% of the FPL, and children in families with individually budgeted incomes ranging from below 100% to 140% of the FPL, depending on the age of the child.  

SMI ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION 
    
 The process, after assessment and submission of required documentation to determine, whether a member meets the criteria for Serious Mental Illness.  

STATE CHILDREN S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (SCHIP) 
    
 State Children s Health Insurance Program under Title XXI of the Social Security Act (Also known as CHIP). The Arizona version of CHIP is referred to as  KidsCare.  See also  KIDSCARE.   

STATE ONLY TRANSPLANT MEMBERS 
    
 Individuals who are eligible under one of the Title XIX eligibility categories and found eligible for a transplant, but subsequently lose Title XIX eligibility due to excess income become eligible for one of two extended eligibility
options as specified in A.R.S.   36-2907.10  and A.R.S.  36-2907.11.   
      231  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
    
 As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual s misuse of alcohol or other drug or chemical that:  

a. Alters the individual s behavior or mental functioning;  

b. Has the potential to cause the individual to be psychologically or physiologically dependent on alcohol or other drug or chemical; and  

c. Impairs, reduces, or destroys the individual s social or economic functioning.  

TELEMEDICINE 
    
 The practice of health care delivery, diagnosis, consultation and treatment and the transfer of medical data through interactive audio, video or data communications that occur in the physical presence of the patient, including audio
or video communications sent to a health care provider for diagnostic or treatment consultation. Refer to A.R.S.  36-3601.  

TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES (TANF) 
    
 A Federal cash assistance program under Title IV of the Social Security Act established by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (P.L. 104-193). It replaced Aid To Families With Dependent
Children (AFDC).  

Title XXI 
    
 Title XXI of the Social Security Act provides funds to states to enable them to initiate and expand the provision of child health assistance to uninsured, low income children in an effective and efficient manner that is coordinated
with other sources of child health benefits coverage.  

TITLE XXI MEMBER 
    
 Member eligible for acute care services under Title XXI of the Social Security Act, referred to in Federal legislation as the  Children s Health Insurance Program  (CHIP). The Arizona version of CHIP is referred to as
 KidsCare.   

TREATMENT PLAN 
    
 A written plan of services and therapeutic interventions based on a complete assessment of a member s developmental and health status, strengths and needs that are designed and periodically updated by the multi-specialty,
interdisciplinary team.  

VIRTUAL CLINICS 
    
 Integrated services provided in community settings through the use of innovative strategies for care coordination such as Telemedicine, integrated medical records and virtual interdisciplinary treatment team meetings.  
   [END OF PART 2 DEFINITIONS]  
      232  

EXHIBIT-2   
 RESERVED  
      233  

EXHIBIT-3   
  MEDICARE REQUIREMENT TO COORDINATE CARE FOR DUAL   
  ELIGIBLE SMI MEMBERS       

1.  
  Medicare Participation for Dual Eligible SMI Members       The following will be required as
it relates to the RBHA and Medicare participation: The State will require the RBHA (Contractor) in the Southern region to offer Medicare services to members with SMI by contracting with CMS to be a Medicare Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP)
product or offer a D-SNP product through one of the equity partners in the organization. The Offerors in the Northern region are not required to be a D-SNP but are encouraged to coordinate care with entities serving dual eligible members.  
 D-SNPs that are currently licensed through the Arizona Department of Insurance (ADOI) will need to go through ADOI for any required service
area expansion. D-SNPs that are currently certified by AHCCCS will be allowed to expand service areas through the AHCCCS certification process, even in the case where no other Medicaid contract is held in that service area. AHCCCS will sign a
Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act (MIPPA) Contract as necessary with the awarded RBHA or an equity partner organization.  
 In addition to all requirements in this Contract, the Contractor must meet all Medicare participation requirements as required by CMS and the
State. This may include, but is not limited to, approval of a Medicare application, approval of a formulary consistent with Part D requirements, approval of a medication therapy management program (MTMP), and approval of a unified model of care.
Medicare Advantage plans are required to meet state licensure requirements (42 CFR  422.400 and 42 CFR  422.501(b)(i)). Proof of state licensure is required with the Medicare applications no later than February, 2015 (refer to 2016
Medicare Advantage Application). If required to be licensed through ADOI, the Contractor is required to be licensed as a Health Care Services Organization before February 2015 to apply as a Medicare Advantage Special Needs Plan. Because of these
very short time frames and the time needed by ADOI to accept process and determine a request for a Health Care Services Organization certificate, an application to obtain a Health Care Service Organization certificate should be filed with ADOI as
soon as possible. Failure to timely file or a delay in filing could negatively impact Contractor s ability to comply with the requirement to operate as a D-SNP. ADOI will work to process requests in a timely manner so Contractor can meet the
CMS timeframes. For more information, see the ADOI web site at  http://www.azinsurance.gov  or contact ADOI Financial Affairs Division at 602.364.3999.      

2.   
  Participation as a Medicare Advantage Special Needs Plan       The Contractor shall:

2.1 
 Provide Medicare benefits to dual eligible SMI members through the Contractor s owned or affiliated Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP).    

2.3 
 Note that the Special Instructions for this procurement require the submission of a non-binding Notice of Intent to Apply as D-SNPs to CMS for Offerors in the Southern region by a due date specified by CMS. As specified
in the Special Instructions to Offerors, Offerors are required to provide proof or an attestation of a Notice of Intent to Apply as a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan.    
      234  

EXHIBIT-3   
  MEDICARE REQUIREMENT TO COORDINATE CARE FOR DUAL   
  ELIGIBLE SMI MEMBERS       

2.4 
 Additional information on D-SNPs can be found at:  http://www.cms.gov/SpecialNeedsPlans/ .        

2.5 
 Consider that D-SNPs that are currently certified by AHCCCS will be allowed to expand service areas through the AHCCCS certification process, even in the case where no other Medicaid contract is held in that service
area.        

2.6 
 Consider that D-SNPs that are currently licensed through the Arizona Department of Insurance (DOI) will need to go through DOI for any service area expansion.    

2.7 
 Sign a Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act (MIPPA) Contract as necessary with AHCCCS.        

3.  
  CMS D-SNP Application Timeline (subject to CMS timeline changes)         
 
      235  

EXHIBIT-4   
 PLACEHOLDER  
      236  

EXHIBIT-5   
 RESERVED  
      237  

EXHIBIT-6   
  ADULT SERVICE DELIVERY SYSTEM-NINE GUIDING PRINCIPLES   
  CONTRACT NO:     The Nine Guiding Principles
below were developed to provide a shared understanding of the key ingredients needed for an adult behavioral health system to promote recovery. System development efforts, programs, service provision, and stakeholder collaboration must be guided by
these principles.      
   Respect is the cornerstone. Meet the person where they are without judgment,
with great patience and compassion.      

2.  
  Persons In Recovery Choose Services And Are Included In Program Decisions And Program Development Efforts     
 A person in recovery has choice and a voice. Their self-determination in driving services, program decisions and program development is made
possible, in part, by the ongoing dynamics of education, discussion, and evaluation, thus creating the  informed consumer  and the broadest possible palette from which choice is made. Persons in recovery should be involved at every level
of the system, from administration to service delivery.      

3.  
  Focus On Individual As A Whole Person, While Including And/Or Developing Natural Supports     
 A person in recovery is held as nothing less than a whole being: capable, competent, and respected for their opinions and choices. As such,
focus is given to empowering the greatest possible autonomy and the most natural and well- rounded lifestyle. This includes access to and involvement in the natural supports and social systems customary to an individual s social community.  

4.  
  Empower Individuals Taking Steps Towards Independence And Allowing Risk Taking Without Fear Of Failure     
 A person in recovery finds independence through exploration, experimentation, evaluation, contemplation and action. An atmosphere is maintained
whereby steps toward independence are encouraged and reinforced in a setting where both security and risk are valued as ingredients promoting growth.      

5.  
  Integration, Collaboration, And Participation With The Community Of One s Choice       A
person in recovery is a valued, contributing member of society and, as such, is deserving of and beneficial to the community. Such integration and participation underscores one s role as a vital part of the community, the community dynamic
being inextricable from the human experience. Community service and volunteerism is valued.      

6.  
  Partnership Between Individuals, Staff, And Family Members/Natural Supports For Shared Decision Making With A Foundation Of Trust     
 A person in recovery, as with any member of a society, finds strength and support through partnerships. Compassion-based alliances with a focus
on recovery optimization bolster self-confidence, expand understanding in all participants, and lead to the creation of optimum protocols and outcomes.      

7.  
  Persons In Recovery Define Their Own Success       A person in recovery   by their own
declaration   discovers success, in part, by quality of life community, and greater self-determination. Persons in recovery are the experts on themselves, defining their own goals and desired outcomes.  
      238  

EXHIBIT-6   
  ADULT SERVICE DELIVERY SYSTEM-NINE GUIDING PRINCIPLES   
  CONTRACT NO:       

8.  
  Strengths-Based, Flexible, Responsive Services Reflective Of An Individual s Cultural Preferences     
 A person in recovery can expect and deserves flexible, timely, and responsive services that are accessible, available, reliable, accountable,
and sensitive to cultural values and mores. A person in recovery is the source of his/her own strength and resiliency. Those who serve as supports and facilitators identify, explore, and serve to optimize demonstrated strengths in the individual as
tools for generating greater autonomy and effectiveness in life.      

9.  
  Hope Is The Foundation For The Journey Towards Recovery       A person in recovery has the
capacity for hope and thrives best in associations that foster hope. Through hope, a future of possibility enriches the life experience and creates the environment for uncommon and unexpected positive outcomes to be made real. A person in recovery
is held as boundless in potential and possibility.  
      239  

EXHIBIT-7   
 Reserved  
      240  

EXHIBIT-8   
 Reserved  
      241  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES     All deliverables which are
noted to be submitted via SharePoint are to be submitted to the SharePoint Contract Compliance Site at:  http://bhs-compliance.azahcccs.gov . Should AHCCCS modify the submission process for deliverables; AHCCCS shall provide a letter of
instruction to the Contractor outlining changes to the deliverable submission process.      

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

AHCCCS HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITTEE 
   
 Monthly 
   
  Redacted  Report of Each Use of Seclusion/ Restraint Concerning All Enrolled Persons 
   
 10 th  of the month 
   
 Provider Manual Policy Requirements 
   
 AMPM Policy 960 
   
 Human Rights Coordinator 
   
 Secure email to the Human Rights Coordinator  

AHCCCS HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITTEE 
   
 Monthly 
   
  Redacted  Seclusion/Restraint Summary Report Concerning all Enrolled Persons 
   
 10 th  of each month 
   
 Provider Manual Policy Requirements 
   
 AMPM Policy 960 
   
 Human Rights Coordinator 
   
 Secure email to the Human Rights Coordinator  

AHCCCS HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITTEE 
   
 Weekly 
   
 Report of Each Use of Seclusion/Restraint Concerning Persons with Serious Mental Illness 
   
 Friday of each week 
   
 Provider Manual Policy Requirements 
   
 AMPM Policy 960 
   
 Human Rights Coordinator 
   
 Secure email to the Human Rights Coordinator  

AHCCCS HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITTEE 
   
 Weekly 
   
 Seclusion/Restraint Summary Report Concerning Persons with SMI 
   
 10 th  of each month 
   
 Provider Manual Policy Requirements 
   
 AMPM Policy 960 
   
 Human Rights Coordinator 
   
 Secure email to the Human Rights Coordinator  

AHCCCS PROCUREMENT OFFICE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Certifications of Insurance 
   
 Within 10 days of notification of contract award and prior to commencement of any services under this contract. 
   
 Terms and Conditions 
   
 N/A 
   
 AHCCCS Procurement Office 
   
 Email notification to AHCCCS Procurement Office  

AHCCCS PROCUREMENT OFFICE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Insurance Material Change 
   
 Within 30 days of discovery 
   
 Terms and Conditions 
   
 N/A 
   
 AHCCCS Procurement Office 
   
 Email notification to AHCCCS Procurement Office   
      242  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Third Party Liability Reporting -Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources: TPL Leads File or Via the TPL Referral Web Portal 
   
 Within 10 days of discovery 
   
 Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines 
   
 AHCCCS ISD or the AHCCCS TPL Contractor (HMS) 
   
 AHCCCS SFTP or the TPL Referral Web Portal:  https://ecenter.hmsy.com/   

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Third Party Liability Reporting - Other Third Party Liability Recoveries: For Determination of a Mass Tort, Total Plan Case or Joint Case 
   
 Within 10 days of discovery 
   
 Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines 
   
 AHCCCS TPL Contractor 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission  

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Total Plan Case Settlement Reporting via the Settlement Notification Form (when reporting, Contractors must use the monthly file  or  the ad hoc form) 
   
 Within 10 business days from the settlement date 
   
 Total Plan Case Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 434 Attachment A 
   
 AHCCCS TPL Management Analyst 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission  

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Total Plan Case Settlement Reporting via Monthly File (when reporting, Contractors must use the monthly file  or  the ad hoc form) 
   
 20 th  day of the month 
   
 Total Plan Case Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 434 
   
 AHCCCS TPL Management Analyst 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Copy of Appeal, Results of an Informal Conference and Notices of Hearing in Appeals concerning a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Upon Occurrence 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
 AMPM 320R 
   
  OHRts@azahcccs. gov  
   
 Secure Email   
      243  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Grievance or Request for Investigation and Grievance/Investigation Decision Letter Concerning a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Upon Occurrence 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
 AMPM 320R 
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Notification of a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Within 5 days of meeting criteria 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
 AMPM 320R 
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Notification of a Person No Longer in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Within 10 days of no longer meeting criteria 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
 AMPM 320R 
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Comprehensive Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 10 th  of the month 
   
 Special Assistance 
   
 AMPM 320R 
   
  OHRTs@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Updates to Office of Human Rights  Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 10 th  day of the month 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
 AMPM 320R 
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Updates to Office of Human Rights  Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 10 th  day of the month following receipt of draft report from Office Of Human Rights 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
 AMPM 320R 
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email   
      244  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Actions Reported to the NPDB or a Regulatory Board 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Adverse Action Reporting (Including Limitations and Terminations) 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination   Verification of Diagnosis by Contractor for Pregnancy Termination Request 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Communication of Adverse Action to Provider 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Contractor Response to Member Complaints (response to problem resolution) 
   
 Initial 2 to 72 hour response as indicated by complaint urgency 
   
 Grievance System Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 443 
   
 Customer Service/Issue Resolution Team 
   
 Email   
      245  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Credentialing and Re-credentialing Denials 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Quality Management, Credentialing 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 HCAC and OPPC 
   
 Upon identification by Contractor 
   
 Quality Management, Retrospective Review, General Requirements 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900; AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 High Profile Alerts of Incidents, Accidents and Deaths 
   
 Within 24 hours of awareness 
   
 Incident, Accident and Death Reports 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Immunization Audit 
   
 As requested by AHCCCS 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Incident, Accident, and Death Reports for Members within specified timeframes into the QMS Portal; additionally, significant and/or potential media-coverage IADs must be sent directly to Quality Management staff as soon as the
RBHA is aware of the issue 
   
 Within 1 day of awareness 
   
 Incident, Accident, and Death Reports 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator   
      246  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Physician Incentives: Contractor-Selected and/or Developed Pay for Performance Initiative 
   
 Prior Approval Required 
   
 Physician Incentive Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint with an Email to the Quality Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Physician Incentives: Contractual Arrangements with Substantial Financial Risk 
   
 45 days prior to implementation of the contract 
   
 Physician Incentive Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint with an Email to the Quality Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 QOC Resolution Report 
   
 Within 72 hours of completion 
   
 Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 QMS Portal with Email to assigned QM Coordinator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Court Ordered Treatment Policy 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Medical Management 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Unit 
   
 SharePoint with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Dental Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 EPSDT Annual Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Primary Care Provider Standards 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator   
      247  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Integrated Health Report 
   
 December 1 st  
   
 Integrated Health Care Service Delivery for SMI Members 
   
 AMPM Policy 910 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint with email notification to CQM Manager  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Maternity Care Annual Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Maternity Care Provider Standards 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Satisfaction Survey Report 
   
 September 15 th  
   
 Member Satisfaction Surveys 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900, 920-3 
   
 DHCM Clinical Informatics 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Baseline 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Performance Measures 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Re-Measurement 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Performance Measures 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually, as part of the annual plan submission 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Reports   Baseline, Interim, Final, and Updates as Requested 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Quality Management, Performance Measures 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint with an Email to the Quality Manager   
      248  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Quality Management Plan, Evaluation, Work Plan and Checklist Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Quality Management, General Requirements 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Cause and Manner of Death Report 
   
 15 th  of each month for prior month 
   
 Incident, Accident and Death Reports 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Crisis Call Report 
   
 15 days after month end 
   
 Crisis Services General requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Out of State Placements 
   
 The first working day of each month 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP Server, password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Pregnancy Termination Report 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Sterilization Report 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator   
      249  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Behavioral Health Utilization   Timeframes for CMDP Members 
   
 45 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Credentialing Quarterly Report 
   
 30 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Quality Management, Credentialing 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint password protected with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 EPSDT Improvement and Adult Quarterly Monitoring Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Primary Care Provider Standards 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 GSA Behavioral Health Performance Measures Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Performance Measures 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 GSA Integrated Care Performance Measures Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Performance Measures 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Key Staff: Staff Primary and Back-Up Contact Information for Urgent Issue Resolution 
   
 30 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 QM Quarterly Report 
   
 45 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Quality Management Reporting Requirements 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint   
      250  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi- Annually 
   
 Annual Case Review of Behavioral Health Services to Members 
   
 April 15 th  October 15 th  
   
 Quality Management Reporting Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Number of pregnant women who are HIV/AIDS positive-Report 
   
 30 days after the reporting periods of: [10/1 through 3/31]   [4/1 through 9/30] 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Weekly 
   
 Quality of Care (QOC) Concerns Opened Report 
   
 Tuesday of the following week 
   
 Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Corporate Compliance: CMS Compliance Issues Related to HIPAA Transaction and Code Set Complaints or Sanction 
   
 Immediately upon discovery 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 Email notification  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Medical Records or Supporting Documentation 
   
 As specified in the requesting letter 
   
 Medical Records 
   
 AHCCCS Data Validation User Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP Server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Annually 
   
 Security Rule Compliance Report 
   
 June 1 st  
   
 Systems Function and Capacity 
   
 ACOM Policy 108 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP Server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Corrected Pended Encounter Data 
   
 Monthly, according to established schedule 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server   
      251  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Monthly 
   
 New Day Encounter 
   
 Monthly, according to established schedule 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Manager 
   
 FTP Server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Encounter Submission and Tracking 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Plan Overrides 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Plan Voids 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Recoupments 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Advances, Loans, Loan Guarantees, Investments or Equity Distributions to Related Parties or Affiliates 
   
 Submit for approval 30 days prior to anticipated date of distribution 
   
 Advances, Equity Distributions, Loans and Investments 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Corporate Cost Allocation Plans and Adjustment in Management Fees 
   
 30 days prior to anticipated effective date 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 Sharepoint   
      252  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Anticipated Federal and Arizona State Income Tax Rates (if a tax filing extension was requested) 
   
 April 30 th  of the year following the fee year 
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: No fee due (if Annual Reporting does not apply) 
   
 September 30 th  of each fee year 
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Automatic Clearing House (ACH) Vendor Authorization Form 
   
 45 days prior to the effective date and commencement of operations 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture and Change in Ownership 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Performance Bond or Bond Substitute 
   
 30 days after notification from AHCCCS of the required amount or to extend the date, if expired 
   
 Performance Bond 
   
 ACOM Policy 305 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint (mail or hand deliver sealed originals)  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Provider Payment Arrangements/Encounter Monitoring 
   
 Upon Request 
   
 Encounters 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint   
      253  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Administrative Cost Allocation Plan 
   
 August 1 st  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Reconciliation to Draft Audit 
   
 90 days after contract year 
   
 Claims and Encounter Submission and Processing Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Reconciliation to Final Audit 
   
 120 days after contract year 
   
 Claims and Encounter Submission and Processing Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Related Party Transaction Statement 
   
 120 days after contract year end 
   
 Hospital Subcontracts and Reimbursements 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Community Reinvestment Report 
   
 March 31 st  
   
 Community Reinvestment 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint   
      254  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Draft Annual Financial Reporting Package 
   
 90 days after contract year end 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Final Annual Financial Reporting Package 
   
 120 days after contract year end 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Final Management Letter 
   
 120 days after contract year end 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Federal and State Income Tax Filings 
   
 April 30 th  of the year following the fee year 
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Liability Reporting Template 
   
 September 30 th  of each fee year 
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
 ACOM Policy 321 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Report of Health Insurance Provider Information 
   
 April 30 th  of the year following the fee year 
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
 ACOM Policy 320 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint   
      255  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Medicare Report (for Contractors who operate under a D-SNP and are licensed by DOI) 
   
 Medicare Report for the Year Ended December is due by March 31 st  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Top 20 Providers Audited Financial Statements 
   
 May 31 st  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Value Based Purchasing (VBP) Strategies (Final) 
   
 Within 180 days of the end of the measurement year 
   
 Compensation 
   
 ACOM Policy 322 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Value Based Purchasing (VBP) Strategies Certification (Initial) 
   
 Within 60 days of start of measurement year 
   
 Compensation 
   
 ACOM Policy 322 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Cost Avoidance Recovery Report 
   
 45 days after the reporting quarter: (Oct - Dec: Due Feb 14) (Jan   March: Due May 15) (Apr   June: Due August 14) (July   Sept: Due Nov 14) 
   
 Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Program Integrity Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint   
      256  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 FQHC/RHC Member Information 
   
 60 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Medicare Report (for Contractors who operate under a D-SNP and are licensed by DOI) 
   
   Medicare Report for the Period Ended March is due by May 15 th  
     Medicare Report for the Period Ended June is due by August 15 th        Medicare Report for the Period
Ended September is due by November 15 th   
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Premium Tax Reporting 
   
 March 15 th  June 15 th  September 15 th  December 15 th  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 ACOM Policy 304 
   
 DHCM Finance Program Monitor 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Quarterly Financial Reporting Package 
   
 60 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint   
      257  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Verification of Receipt of Paid Services 
   
 15 th  day after the end of the quarter that follows the reporting quarter (Oct-Dec: Due April 15)(Jan- March: Due July 15)(April-June: Due Oct 15)
(July Sept: Due Jan 15) 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 ACOM Policy 424 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 PASRR Packet Including Invoice 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Pre-Admission Screening and Resident Review Requirements 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1200, 1220-C 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 HIV Specialty Provider List 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 MM/UM Plan, Evaluation and Work Plan 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Medical Management, General Requirements 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Quarterly Inpatient Hospital Showings Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Medical Management, General Requirements 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification   
      258  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Hepatitis C Virus HCV Medication Monitoring 
   
 10 th  day of the month 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Outpatient Commitment COT Monitoring 
   
 15 days after month end 
   
 Collaboration with System Stakeholders 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Transplant Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Emergency Department Diversion Summary 
   
 October 15 th  April 15 th  
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 High Need/High Cost Coordination Summary 
   
 January 15 th  July 15 th  
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Pharmacy and/or Prescriber-Member Assignment Report 
   
 April 15 th  October 15 th  
   
 Drug Utilization Review 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontractor Non-Compliance Reporting 
   
 Within 30 days of discovery 
   
 Subcontracting Reporting Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontracts 
   
 60 days prior to the beginning date of the subcontract 
   
 Subcontracting Reporting Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      259  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 AHCCCS Required Survey Results 
   
 45 days after completion 
   
 Surveys 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Appointment Availability Review Methods 
   
 30 days prior to implementation of the proposed method 
   
 Appointments 
   
 ACOM Policy 417 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Centers of Excellence Report 
   
 TBD 
   
 Centers of Excellence 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Claim Recoupments  12 Months from Original Payment 
   
 Upon identification by Contractor 
   
 Recoupments 
   
 ACOM Policy 412 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Key Staff: Key Position Change 
   
 Within 7 days of learning of resignation 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Data Processes for Recoupments 
   
 120 days from receipt of approval 
   
 Recoupments 
   
 ACOM Policy 412 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Final Survey Tool 
   
 90 days prior to the intended start date 
   
 Surveys 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      260  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 ID Cards requiring AHCCCS Approval 
   
 30 days prior to dissemination 
   
 ID Cards for SMI Members Receiving Physical Health Care Services 
   
 ACOM Policy 433 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Independent Audits of Claims Payment/Health Information Systems 
   
 Upon request by AHCCCS 
   
 Claims Audits 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Key Staff: Notification of Moving Functions Out of State 
   
 60 days prior to proposed change 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Key Staff: Organization Chart 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Marketing Materials 
   
 21 days prior to dissemination 
   
 Marketing Materials 
   
 ACOM Policy 101 
   
 DHCM Marketing Committee 
   
 Email to:  Marketing Committee@azahcccs.gov   

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Material Change to Business Operations 
   
 60 days prior to expected implementation of the change 
   
 Material Change to Business Operations 
   
 ACOM Policy 439 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Member Handbook (Final Approved Version) 
   
 On or before the start of the contract year 
   
 Member Handbook 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Member Information Materials 
   
 15 days prior to release 
   
 Member Information 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      261  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Non-AHCCCS Required Survey Notification and Results 
   
 Notification: 15 days prior to conducting the survey. Results: 45 days after the completion 
   
 Surveys 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Material Changes to Provider Network 
   
 60 days prior to expected implementation of the change 
   
 Material Change to Business Operations 
   
 ACOM Policy 439 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Performance Improvement Plans for System of Care Based on CFT Findings 
   
 Due 30 days after agency receives feedback as result of review 
   
 B/H Health Services for Child Members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Notification 
   
 180 days prior to the effective date 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Transition Plan Final Documents 
   
 Within 120 days of the completed merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, or change of ownership 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      262  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Transition Plan Initial Documents 
   
 90 days prior to the effective date 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership 
   
 ACOM Policy 317 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Provider Advances and Loans 
   
 10 days prior to disbursement of funds 
   
 Advances, Equity Distributions, Loans and Investments 
   
 ACOM Policy 418 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Single Claim Recoupments  $50,000 
   
 30 days prior to initiating the recoupment, or earlier if the information is available 
   
 Recoupments 
   
 ACOM Policy 412 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 System Change Plan 
   
 Six months prior to expected implementation 
   
 System Upgrade Plan 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Tribal Liaison Report 
   
 First submission November 1 st  Ad Hoc thereafter 
   
 Organizational Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Unexpected Material Changes to the Provider Network 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Material Changes to Business Operations 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      263  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontractor Evaluation Report 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year 
   
 AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual System of Care Plan 
   
 October 1 st  
   
 General Requirements for System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Website Certification 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Website Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Business Continuity/Recovery Plan Summary 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Business Continuity and Recovery Plan 
   
 ACOM Policy 104 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Copy of each Collaborative Protocol with State/County Agencies 
   
 December 31 st  
   
 Collaboration with System Stakeholders 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Cultural Competency Plan Assessment 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Cultural Competency General Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 405 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Promotion Plan 
   
 30 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Health Promotion 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      264  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Functional Organization Chart 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Listing of All Key Staff 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Handbook 
   
 August 1 st  and 30 days prior to any changes 
   
 Member Handbook 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Information Attestation Statement 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Member information 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Provider Network Development and Management Plan 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Network Development 
   
 ACOM Policy 415 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Administrator (Name and Contact Information) 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year and within 30 days of any changes 
   
 Social Network Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 425 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Applications Listing with URLs 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year and within 30 days of any changes 
   
 Social Network Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 425 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      265  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Attestation 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year 
   
 Social Network Requirements 
   
 ACOM Policy 425 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 System of Care Plan Status Update Report 
   
 TBD 
   
 General Requirements for System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Bi-Monthly 
   
 Children s Case Manager Bi-monthly Inventories 
   
 45 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 FTP server with email notification to CQM Administrator  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Claims Dashboard 
   
 15 th  day of the month following the reporting period 
   
 Claims System Reporting 
   
 AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 DCS Rapid Response Monthly Reconciliation Report 
   
 30 th  of the month 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Grievance System Report 
   
 First day of the 2 nd  month following the month being reported 
   
 Member Grievances 
   
 AHCCCS Grievance System Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Grievance and Complaint Report SMI Data 
   
 15 days after the end of the quarter 
   
 Grievance System Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 FTP Server with email notification   
      266  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template 
   
 October 15 th  January 15 th  April 15 th  July 15 th  
   
 Network Development 
   
 ACOM Policy 436 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Provider Affiliation Transmission (PAT) 
   
 October 15 th  January 15 th  April 15 th  July 15 th  
   
 Provider Affiliation Transmission 
   
 AHCCCS Provider Affiliation Transmission Manual 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Provider/Network Changes Due to Rates Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Network Management 
   
 ACOM Policy 415, Attachment D and Attachment E 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Psychiatric Rehabilitation Progress Report 
   
 15 days after quarter end 
   
 Scope of Services 
   
 N/A 
   
 Employment Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Single Case Agreement (SCA) Utilization 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Out of Network Providers 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Network 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Telephone Performance Measures 
   
 15 th  day of the month following the reporting quarter 
   
 Administrative Performance Standards 
   
 ACOM Policy 435 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Member Newsletter 
   
 30 days prior to intended publication date 
   
 Member Information 
   
 ACOM Policy 404 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      267  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DMS, MEMBER DATABASE MANAGEMENT ADMINISTRATION 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 AHCCCS Notification to Waive Medicare Part D Co-Payments 
   
 Immediately upon identification 
   
 Sanctions 
   
 ACOM Policy 201 
   
 AHCCCS, Member Database Management Administration (MDMA) 
   
 Fax: 602-253-4807  

OFFICE OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Workforce (Training) Development Report 
   
 15 days after the quarter end 
   
 Admin Requirement Training 
   
 AMPM 
   
 Administrator Office of Behavioral Health Workforce Development 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  

OFFICE OF INDIVIDUAL AND FAMILY AFFAIRS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Community Resource Guide 
   
 30 days after contract start 
   
 Peer Involvement and Participation 
   
 Contract SOW 
   
  BHSContract Compliance@azdhs.gov  
   
 Email  

OFFICE OF INDIVIDUAL AND FAMILY AFFAIRS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Roster of Peer and Family Committee Members 
   
 15 days after quarter end 
   
 Peer Involvement and Participation 
   
 (BHS 404) Currently being converted into AMPM 
   
  BHSContract Compliance@azdhs.gov  
   
 Email  

OFFICE OF INDIVIDUAL AND FAMILY AFFAIRS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 RSS Involvement in service delivery for person with SMI/GMH/SA 
   
 15 days after quarter end 
   
 Behavioral Health Service Delivery Approach 
   
 (BHS 404) Currently being converted into AMPM 
   
  BHSContract Compliance@azdhs.gov  
   
 Email  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Attestation of Disclosure Information of: Ownership   Control and Persons Convicted of a Crime 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint   
      268  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Exclusions Identified Regarding Persons Convicted of a Crime 
   
 Immediately upon discovery 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change of Ownership: Disclosure of Ownership and Control and Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of a Crime Information 
   
 45 days prior to the effective date and commencement of operations 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Report Alleged Fraud/Waste/Abuse of the AHCCCS Program 
   
 Immediately upon identification 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance Program Plan 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance: Executive Audit Summary 
   
 July 15 th  January 15 th  
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance: External Auditing Schedule 
   
 April 15 th  October 15 th  
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 ACOM Policy 103 
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint with email notification  
 
      269  

EXHIBIT-10   
  Greater Arizona ZIP CODES       

270  

EXHIBIT-10   
  Greater Arizona ZIP CODES       

* 
 Per Zip Code Changes-Note: that HCIC will relinquish services to the San Carlos Tribe and CIC will be the receiving RBHA for the San Carlos Tribe.    
      271  

EXHIBIT-11   
  CAPITATION RATES AND CONTRACTOR SPECIFIC   
  REQUIREMENTS      EXHIBIT-11: CAPITATION
RATES AND CONTRACTOR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS     The Contractor shall provide services as described in this contract. In consideration for these services,
the Contractor will be paid Contractor-specific rates per member per month for the period July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 unless otherwise modified by contract amendment.  
   Capitation Rates  : See Contractor specific Exhibit-11  
   Contractor Specific Requirements  : See Contractor specific Exhibit-11  
      272  

EXHIBIT-12   
  PLACEHOLDER   
      273  

EXHIBIT-13   
  RESERVED   
      274  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE SYSTEM STANDARDS   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE SYSTEM STANDARDS     The Contractor shall
have a written policy delineating its Grievance System which shall be in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including, but not limited to 42 CFR Part 438 Subpart F. The Contractor shall furnish Grievance
System information to enrollees no later than 12 days after the Contractor receives notice of the enrollment and annually thereafter. The Contractor shall also provide this information to all providers and subcontractors at the time of contract.
Additionally, the Contractor shall provide written notification of any significant change in this policy at least 30 days before the intended effective date of the change.  
 The written information provided to enrollees describing the Grievance System including the grievance process, the appeals process, enrollee rights, the
grievance system requirements and timeframes, shall be in each prevalent non-English language occurring within the Contractor s service area and in an easily understood language and format. Written documents, including but not limited to, the
Notice of Action, the Notice of Extension of Notice of Action, the Notice of Appeal Resolution and Notice of Extension for Resolution, shall contain information in the prevalent non-English language(s), prominently displayed in large bold print on
the first page of the document, advising the enrollee that the written document is available in the prevalent non-English language(s) and in alternative formats along with an explanation of how enrollees may obtain this written information in the
prevalent non-English language(s) and alternative formats. However, if prior to issuing a document in English, the Contractor receives information orally or in writing that the enrollee has a limited English proficiency in a prevalent non-English
language, the Contractor shall translate the document in the applicable prevalent non-English language before providing it to the enrollee. The Contractor shall also inform enrollees that oral interpretation services are available in any language.
   For additional information regarding the enrollee Notice of Action process, the Contractor should refer to ACOM Policy 414 and 42 CFR Part 438.
 Failure to comply with any of these provisions may result in an imposition of sanctions.     At a minimum, the Contractor s Grievance System
Standards and Policy shall specify:      

1. 
 That the Contractor shall maintain records of all grievances, appeals and requests for hearing.        

2. 
 That the Contractor has a mechanism for tracking receipt, acknowledgement, investigation and resolution of grievances, appeals and requests for hearing within the required timeframes.    

3. 
 Information explaining the grievance, appeal, and fair hearing procedures and timeframes. This information shall include a description of the circumstances when there is a right to a hearing, the method for obtaining a
hearing, the requirements which govern representation at the hearing, the right to file grievance and appeals and the requirements and timeframes for filing a grievance, appeal, or request for hearing.    

4. 
 The availability of assistance in the filing process and the Contractor s toll-free numbers that an enrollee can use to file a grievance or appeal by phone.    

5. 
 That the Contractor shall acknowledge receipt of each grievance and appeal. For grievances, the Contractor is not required to acknowledge receipt of the Grievance in writing, however, if the enrollee requests written
acknowledgement, the acknowledgement must be made within five business days of receipt of the request. For Appeals, the Contractor shall acknowledge receipt of standard appeals in writing within five business days of receipt and within one business
day of receipt of expedited appeals.        

6. 
 That the Contractor shall permit both oral and written appeals and grievances and that oral inquiries appealing an action are treated as appeals.    

7. 
 The definition of action [42 CFR 438.400(b)] and that an enrollee, or their designated representative, may file an appeal of an action taken by the Contractor. Actions include:    

a. 
 Denial or limited authorization of a requested service, including the type or level of service;    
      275  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE SYSTEM STANDARDS       

b. 
 Reduction, suspension, or termination of a previously authorized service;        

c. 
 Denial, in whole or in part, of payment for a service;        

d. 
 Failure to provide services in a timely manner, as defined by the State;        

e. 
 Failure to act within the timeframes provided in 42 CFR 438.408(b) required for standard and expedited resolution of appeals and standard disposition of grievances; or    

f. 
 Denial of a rural enrollee s request to obtain services outside the Contractor s network under 42 CFR 438.52(b)(2)(ii), when the Contractor is the only Contractor in the rural area.    

9. 
 That the Contractor shall ensure that individuals who make decisions regarding grievances and appeals are individuals not involved in any previous level of review or decision making and that individuals who make
decisions regarding: 1) appeals of denials based on lack of medical necessity, 2) a grievance regarding denial of expedited resolution of an appeal or 3) grievances or appeals involving clinical issues are health care professionals as defined in 42
CFR 438.2 with the appropriate clinical expertise in treating the enrollee s condition or disease.        

10. 
 The definition of grievance as a member s expression of dissatisfaction with any aspect of their care, other than the appeal of actions. There are no time limits for filing an enrollee grievance.    

11. 
 That an enrollee must file a grievance with the Contractor and that the enrollee is not permitted to file a grievance directly with AHCCCS.    

12. 
 That the Contractor must resolve each grievance within 10 business days of receipt, absent extraordinary circumstances. However, no grievances shall exceed 90 days for resolution. Contractor decisions on enrollee
grievances cannot be appealed.        

13. 
 That the Contractor responds in writing, if an enrollee requests a written explanation of the resolution, and the response must be mailed within 10 business days of resolution of the grievance.    

14. 
 That an enrollee shall be given 60 days from the date of the Contractor s Notice of Action to file an appeal.        

15. 
 Information explaining that a provider acting on behalf of an enrollee and with the enrollee s written consent, may file an appeal.    

16. 
 That the Contractor include, as parties to the appeal, the enrollee, the enrollee s legal representative, or the legal representative of a deceased enrollee s estate.    

17. 
 That the Contractor must ensure that punitive action is not taken against a provider who either requests an expedited resolution or supports an enrollee s appeal.    

18. 
 The resolution timeframes for standard appeals and expedited appeals may be extended up to 14 days if the enrollee requests the extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional information and that the
delay is in the enrollee s interest.        

19. 
 That if the Contractor extends the timeframe for resolution of an appeal when not requested by the enrollee, the Contractor shall provide the enrollee with written notice of the reason for the delay.    

20. 
 The definition of a service authorization request as an enrollee s request for the provision of a service [42 CFR 431.201].        

21. 
   The definition of a standard authorization request. For standard authorization decisions, the Contractor must
provide a Notice of Action to the enrollee as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires, but not     
      276  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE SYSTEM STANDARDS       

later than 14 days following the receipt of the authorization request with a possible extension of up to 14 days if the enrollee or provider requests an extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional
information and delay is in the enrollee s best interest [42 CFR 438.210(d)(1)]. The Notice of Action must comply with the advance notice requirements when there is a termination or reduction of a previously authorized service OR when there is
a denial of an authorization request and the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment is a necessary continuation of a previously authorized service.    

22. 
 The definition of an expedited authorization request. For expedited authorization decisions, the Contractor must provide a Notice of Action to the enrollee as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition
requires, but not later than three business days following the receipt of the authorization request with a possible extension of up to 14 days if the enrollee or provider requests an extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional
information and delay is in the enrollee s interest [42 CFR 438.210(d)(2)].        

23. 
 That the Notice of Action for a service authorization decision not made within the standard or expedited timeframes, whichever is applicable, will be made on the date that the timeframes expire. If the Contractor
extends the timeframe to make a standard or expedited authorization decision, the Contractor must give the enrollee written notice of the reason to extend the timeframe and inform the enrollee of the right to file a grievance if the enrollee
disagrees with the decision. The Contractor must issue and carry out its decision as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires and no later than the date the extension expires.    

24. 
 That the Contractor shall notify the requesting provider of the decision to deny or reduce a service authorization request. The notice to the provider must be written.    

25. 
 That the Contractor shall mail a Notice of Action: 1) at least 10 days before the date of a termination, suspension or reduction of previously authorized AHCCCS services, except as provided in (a)-(e) below; 2) at
least five days before the date of action in the case of suspected fraud; 3) at the time of any action affecting the claim when there has been a denial of payment for a service, in whole or in part; 4) within 14 days from receipt of a standard
service authorization request and within three business days from receipt of an expedited service authorization request, unless an extension is in effect. For service authorization decisions, the Contractor shall also ensure that the Notice of
Action provides the enrollee with advance notice and the right to request continued benefits for all terminations and reductions of a previously authorized service and for denials when the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment which
has been denied is a necessary continuation of a previously authorized service. As described below, the Contractor may elect to mail a Notice of Action no later than the date of action when:    
 The Contractor receives notification of the death of an enrollee      

a. 
 The enrollee signs a written statement requesting service termination or gives information requiring termination or reduction of services (which indicates understanding that the termination or reduction will be the
result of supplying that information)        

b. 
 The enrollee is admitted to an institution where he is ineligible for further services        

c. 
 The enrollee s address is unknown and mail directed to the enrollee has no forwarding address        

d. 
 The enrollee has been accepted for Medicaid in another local jurisdiction        

26. 
 That the Notice of Action must explain: 1) the action the Contractor has taken or intends to take, 2) the reasons for the action, 3) the enrollee s right to file an appeal with the Contractor, 4) the procedures for
exercising these rights, 5) circumstances when expedited resolution is available and how to request it and 6) the enrollee s right to receive continued benefits pending resolution of the appeal, how to request continued benefits and the
circumstances under which the enrollee may be required to pay for the cost of these services. The Notice of Action shall comply with ACOM Policy 414.        

27. 
 The definition of a standard appeal and that the Contractor shall resolve standard appeals no later than 30 days from the date of receipt of the appeal unless an extension is in effect. If a Notice of Appeal Resolution
is not completed when the timeframe expires, the member s appeal shall be considered to be denied by the Contractor, and the member can file a request for hearing.    
      277  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE SYSTEM STANDARDS       

28. 
 The definition of an expedited appeal and that the Contractor shall resolve all expedited appeals no later than three business days from the date the Contractor receives the appeal (unless an extension is in effect)
where the Contractor determines (for a request from the enrollee), or the provider (in making the request on the enrollee s behalf indicates) that the standard resolution timeframe could seriously jeopardize the enrollee s life or health
or ability to attain, maintain or regain maximum function. The Contractor shall make reasonable efforts to provide oral notice to an enrollee regarding an expedited resolution appeal. If a Notice of Appeal Resolution is not completed when the
timeframe expires, the member s appeal shall be considered to be denied by the Contractor, and the member can file a request for hearing.        

29. 
 That if the Contractor denies a request for expedited resolution; it must transfer the appeal to the 30-day timeframe for a standard appeal. The Contractor must make reasonable efforts to give the enrollee prompt oral
notice and follow-up within two days with a written notice of the denial of expedited resolution.        

30. 
 That benefits shall continue until a hearing decision is rendered if: 1) the enrollee files an appeal before the later of a) 10 days from the mailing of the Notice of Action or b) the intended date of the
Contractor s action, 2) a) the appeal involves the termination, suspension, or reduction of a previously authorized course of treatment or b) the appeal involves a denial and the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment is a
necessary continuation of a previously authorized service, 3) the services were ordered by an authorized provider and 4) the enrollee requests a continuation of benefits.    

31. 
 For purposes of this paragraph, benefits shall be continued based on the authorization which was in place prior to the denial, termination, reduction, or suspension which has been appealed.    

32. 
 That the Contractor continues extended benefits originally provided to the enrollee until any of the following occurs: 1) the enrollee withdraws the appeal, 2) the enrollee has not specifically requested continued
benefits pending a hearing decision within 10 days of the Contractor mailing of the appeal resolution notice, or 3) AHCCCS issues a state fair hearing decision adverse to the enrollee.    

33. 
 That for appeals, the Contractor provides the enrollee a reasonable opportunity to present evidence and allegations of fact or law in person and in writing and that the Contractor informs the enrollee of the limited
time available in cases involving expedited resolution.        

34. 
 That for appeals, the Contractor provides the enrollee and his representative the opportunity before and during the appeals process to examine the enrollee s case file including medical records and other documents
considered during the appeals process.        

35. 
 That the Contractor shall provide written Notice of Appeal Resolution to the enrollee and the enrollee s representative or the representative of the deceased enrollee s estate which must contain: 1) the
results of the resolution process, including the legal citations or authorities supporting the determination, and the date it was completed, and 2) for appeals not resolved wholly in favor of enrollees: a) the enrollee s right to request a
State fair hearing (including the requirement that the enrollee must file the request for a hearing in writing) no later than 30 days after the date the enrollee receives the Contractor s notice of appeal resolution and how to do so, b) the
right to receive continued benefits pending the hearing and how to request continuation of benefits and c) information explaining that the enrollee may be held liable for the cost of benefits if the hearing decision upholds the Contractor.

36. 
 That if the enrollee files a request for hearing the Contractor must ensure that the case file and all supporting documentation is received by the AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS) as specified by
OALS. The file provided by the Contractor must contain a cover letter that includes:        

a. 
 Enrollee s name        

b. 
 Enrollee s AHCCCS I.D. number        

c. 
 Enrollee s address        

d. 
 Enrollee s phone number (if applicable)        

e. 
 Date of receipt of the appeal        

f. 
 Summary of the Contractor s actions undertaken to resolve the appeal and summary of the appeal resolution    
      278  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE SYSTEM STANDARDS       

37. 
 The following material shall be included in the file sent by the Contractor:        

a. 
 The Enrollee s written request for hearing        

b. 
 Copies of the entire appeal file which includes all supporting documentation including pertinent findings and medical records        

c. 
 The Contractor s Notice of Appeal Resolution        

d. 
 Other information relevant to the resolution of the appeal        

38. 
 That if the Contractor or the State fair hearing decision reverses a decision to deny, limit or delay services not furnished during the appeal or the pendency of the hearing process, the Contractor shall authorize or
provide the services promptly and as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires irrespective of whether the Contractor contests the decision.        

39. 
 That if the Contractor or State fair hearing decision reverses a decision to deny authorization of services and the disputed services were received pending appeal, the Contractor shall pay for those services, as
specified in policy and/or regulation.        

40. 
 That if the Contractor or the Director s Decision reverses a decision to deny, limit, or delay authorization of services, and the member received the disputed services while the appeal was pending, the Contractor
shall process a claim for payment from the provider in a manner consistent with the Contractor s or Director s Decision and applicable statutes, Rules, policies, and contract terms. The provider shall have 90 days from the date of the
reversed decision to submit a clean claim to the Contractor for payment. For all claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision, the Contractor is prohibited from denying claims for un-timeliness if they are submitted within the 90 day
timeframe. The Contractor is also prohibited from denying claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision because the member failed to request continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process: a member s failure to request
continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process is not a valid basis to deny the claim.        

41. 
 That if the Contractor or State fair hearing decision upholds a decision to deny authorization of services and the disputed services were received pending appeal, the Contractor may recover the cost of those services
from the enrollee.      [END OF EXHIBIT-14]  
      279  

EXHIBIT-15   
  PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS   
  PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS     The
Contractor shall have in place a written claim dispute policy for its subcontractors and non-contracted providers. The policy shall be in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies. Failure to comply with any of
these provisions may result in the imposition of sanctions.    The claim dispute policy shall include the following provisions:  

1. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy shall stipulate that all claim disputes must be adjudicated in Arizona, including those claim disputes arising from claims processed by an Administrative Services Subcontractor.

2. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy shall be provided to all subcontractors at the time of contract. For providers without a contract, the claim dispute policy may be mailed with a remittance advice, provided the
remittance is sent within 45 days of receipt of a claim.        

3. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy must specify that all claim disputes challenging claim payments, denials or recoupments must be filed in writing with the Contractor no later than 12 months from the date of
service, 12 months after the date of eligibility posting or within 60 days after the payment, denial or recoupment of a timely claim submission, whichever is later.    

4. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy must specify a physical local address in Arizona for the submission of all provider claim disputes and hearing requests.    

5. 
 That specific individuals are appointed with authority to require corrective action and with requisite experience to administer the claim dispute process.    

6. 
 That the Contractor shall develop and maintain a tracking log for all claim disputes containing sufficient information to identify the Complainant, date of receipt, nature of the claim dispute, resolution of the claim
dispute and the date of resolution.        

7. 
 That claim disputes are acknowledged in writing and within five business days of receipt.        

8. 
 Claim disputes are thoroughly investigated using the applicable statutory, regulatory, contractual and policy provisions, ensuring that relevant facts are obtained from all parties.    

9. 
 All documentation received by the Contractor during the claim dispute process is dated upon receipt.        

10. 
 Claim disputes are filed in a secure, designated area and are retained for five years following the Contractor s decision, the AHCCCS decision, judicial appeal or close of the claim dispute, whichever is later,
unless otherwise provided by law.        

11. 
 A copy of the Contractor s Notice of Decision  Decision  shall be mailed to all parties no later than 30 days after the provider files a claim dispute with the Contractor, unless the provider and
Contractor agree to a longer period. The Decision must include and describe in detail, the following:        

a. 
 The nature of the claim dispute.        

b. 
 The specific factual and legal basis for the dispute, including but not limited to, an explanation of the specific facts that pertain to the claim dispute, the identification of the member name, pertinent dates of
service, dates and specific reasons for Contractor denial / payment of the claim, and whether or not the provider is a contracted provider.    
      280  

EXHIBIT-15   
  PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS       

c. 
 The reasons supporting the Contractor Decision, including an explanation of 1) how the Contractor applies the relevant and specific facts in the case to the relevant laws to support the Contractor s decision and 2)
the applicable statutes, rules, contractual provisions, policies, and procedures, if applicable. Reference to general legal authorities alone is not acceptable.        

d. 
 The Provider s right to request a hearing by filing a written request to the Contractor no later than 30 days after the date the provider receives the Decision.    

e. 
 If the claim dispute is overturned, in full or in part, the requirement that the Contractor shall reprocess and pay the claim(s) in a manner consistent with the decision within 15 business days of the date of the
Decision.        

12. 
 If the provider files a written request for hearing, the Contractor must ensure that all supporting documentation is received by the AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS), no later than five business
days from the date the Contractor receives the provider s written hearing request. The file sent by the Contractor must contain a cover letter that includes:    

a. 
 The provider s name        

b. 
 The provider s address        

c. 
 The member s name and AHCCCS Identification Number        

d. 
 The provider s phone number (if applicable)        

e. 
 The date that the claim dispute was received by the Contractor        

f. 
 A summary of the actions undertaken by the Contractor to resolve the claim dispute and basis for the determination    
 If the Contractor upholds a claim dispute and a request for hearing is subsequently filed, the Contractor must review the matter to determine
why the request for hearing was filed and resolve the matter when appropriate.      

13. 
 The following material shall be included in the file sent by the Contractor:        

a. 
 The written request for hearing filed by the provider        

b. 
 Copies of the entire file which includes pertinent records; and the Decision        

c. 
 Other information relevant to the Decision        

14. 
 If the Contractor s Decision regarding a claim dispute is reversed, in full or in part, through the appeal process, the Contractor shall reprocess and pay the claim(s) in a manner consistent with the Decision along
with any applicable interest within 15 business days of the date of the Decision.       If the Contractor or the State fair
hearing decision reverses a decision to deny, limit or delay services not furnished during the claim dispute or the pendency of the hearing process, the Contractor shall authorize or provide the services promptly and as expeditiously as the
enrollee s health condition requires irrespective of whether the Contractor contests the decision.     [END OF EXHIBIT-15]  
      281  

ENDNOTES   
  ENDNOTES     Effective via contract amendment, the contract
language associated with the endnotes below was incorporated into the contract pursuant to CMS contract Managed Care compliance requirements.  
   
  i      ii      iii   
  iv      v      vi   
  vii      viii      ix   
  x      xi      xii   
  xiii      xiv      xv   
  xvi      xvii      xviii   
  xix      xx      xxi   
  xxii      xxiii      xxiv   
  xxv      xxvi      xxvii   
  xxviii      xxix      xxx   
  xxxi      xxxii      xxxiii   
  xxxiv      xxxv      xxxvi   
      282  

The Contractor shall provide services as described in this contract. In consideration for these services, the Contractor will be paid Contractor-specific
rates per member per month for the term July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 unless otherwise modified by contract amendment.  
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE (HCIC)   
   Capitation Rates  :  07/01/2016 to 09/30/2016       

Title XIX eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing covered
behavioral health services to children), not enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 39.94 

Title XIX eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing covered
behavioral health services to children), enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 1,299.30 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members without serious mental illness):  
    
 $ 
 40.22 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are not receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 2.98 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 1,497.85 

Title XXI eligible children (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral health services
to TXXI children):  
    
 $ 
 39.94 

Title XXI eligible adults (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral health services to
TXXI adults):  
    
 $ 
 40.22 

DES DD ALTCS eligible children representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health
services to DES DD ALTCS children:  
    
 $ 
 342.23 

DES DD ALTCS eligible adults representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health services
to DES DD ALTCS adults:  
    
 $ 
 150.85 
     
     Contractor Specific Requirements  :    
   Geographic Service Areas  : The Contractor serves eligible members in Greater Arizona in the following Geographic Service Areas (GSAs) and
counties:      

283  

Zip Code Alignment  : Zip codes 85542, 85192, and 85550 were moved from the GSA which includes Gila County and assigned to the GSA which includes
Graham County. As part of the Greater AZ Integrated RBHA implementation effective October 1, 2015, this move occurred to align tribal members from a single tribe into a single RBHA. This change was implemented for this contract as well in order
to keep zip code assignment consistent between AHCCCS lines of business.  

284  

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 8
 d275632dex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

EX-10.20 

Exhibit 10.20   

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM  
  AHCCCS Contract Number:  YH17-0003-02   
  CONTRACT COVER PAGE   

5. 
 CONTRACTOR NAME AND ADDRESS:       Health Choice Integrated Care, LLC   
  1300 South Yale Street   
  Flagstaff, AZ 86001       

6. 
 PURPOSE: The purpose of this amendment is to amend the Contract for the period July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 and to the amend Sections, Uniform Terms and Conditions, Special Terms and Conditions,
Scope of Work, Exhibit Summary,  Exhibit-1,  Definitions,  Exhibit-2,  Acronyms,  Exhibit-3, 
 Exhibit-5,   Exhibit-4,   Exhibit-5,   Exhibit-7, 
 Exhibit-8,   Exhibit-9,   Exhibit-11,   Exhibit-12,  Exhibit-13, Endnotes    

7. 
 THE ABOVE REFERENCED CONTRACT IS HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS:      This Contract amendment is entered
into by and between the Regional Behavioral Health Authority and the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS).    Arizona Laws
2015, Chapter 19, Section 9 (SB 1480) enacts that from and after June 30, 2016, the provision of behavioral health services under the Division of Behavioral Health Services (DBHS) in the Department of Health Services is transferred to and
shall be administered by the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS). From and after June 30, 2016, the AHCCCS administration succeeds to the authority, powers, duties and responsibilities of DBHS with the exception of the Arizona
State Hospital. Administrative rules and orders that were adopted by DBHS continue in effect until superseded by administrative action by AHCCCS. Until administrative action is taken by AHCCCS, any reference to DBHS in rules and orders is considered
to refer to AHCCCS.    All administrative matters, contracts and judicial and quasi-judicial actions, whether completed, pending or in
process, of DBHS on July 1, 2016 are transferred to and retain the same status with AHCCCS.    This contract amendment constitutes a
full removal and replacement of the prior contract provisions regarding provision of  Non-Title  XIX services for Title XIX and  Non-Title  XIX members accessing behavioral
health services as previously delineated between the Regional Behavioral Health Authority and the Arizona Department of Health Services/Division of Behavioral Health Services under Contract #ADHS15-085892.  
 Contract Sections Amended:      

Uniform Terms and Conditions -  Replaced with Terms and Conditions         

Special Terms and Conditions -  Replaced with Terms and Conditions         

Scope of Work        

Exhibit Summary - RESERVED        

Exhibit-1,  Definitions        

Exhibit-2,  Acronyms - RESERVED        

Exhibit-3,  Medicare Requirement to Coordinate Care for Dual Eligible SMI Members        

Exhibit-4,  PLACEHOLDER        

Exhibit-5,  Arizona Vision   Twelve Principles for Children Services Delivery - Reserved    

Exhibit-7,  Documents Incorporated by Reference - RESERVED        

Exhibit-8,  Informational Documents - RESERVED        

Exhibit-9,  Deliverables        

Exhibit-11,  Capitation Rates   NAME REVISED TO:  Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements     

Exhibit-12,  PLACEHOLDER        

Exhibit-13,  Pledge to Protect Confidential Information   RESERVED        

Endnotes      Refer to the individual Contract sections for specific changes.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO SIGN THEIR NAMES IN AGREEMENT   

9.     SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE: 
   
 10. SIGNATURE OF AHCCCS CONTRACTING OFFICER:  

TYPED NAME: 
   
        SHAWN NAU   
   
 TYPED NAME: 
   
        MEGGAN HARLEY    

TITLE: 
   
        CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
   
 TITLE: 

ACTING CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER    

DATE: 
   
        6/24/16   
   
 DATE: 
   
        6/15/2016    
 
      1  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS       

1.  
  ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION OF CONTRACT       The Contractor shall not advertise or publish
information for commercial benefit concerning this contract without the prior written approval of the Contracting Officer.      

2.  
  APPLICABLE LAW       Arizona Law - The law of Arizona applies to this contract including,
where applicable, the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted in the State of Arizona.    Implied Contract Terms - Each provision of law and any
terms required by law to be in this contract are a part of this contract as if fully stated in it.      

3.  
  ARBITRATION       The parties to this contract agree to resolve all disputes arising out of
or relating to this contract through arbitration, after exhausting applicable administrative review, to the extent required by A.R.S.   12-1518  except as may be required by other applicable statutes.  

4.  
  ASSIGNMENT AND DELEGATION       The Contractor shall not assign any rights nor delegate all
of the duties under this contract. Delegation of less than all of the duties of this contract must conform to the requirements of Scope of Work, Subcontracting Requirements.      

5.  
  ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACT AND BANKRUPTCY       This contract is voidable and subject to
immediate cancellation by AHCCCS upon the Contractor becoming insolvent or filing proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization under the United States Code, or assigning rights or obligations under this contract without the prior written consent of
AHCCCS.      

6.  
  AUDITS AND INSPECTIONS       The Contractor shall comply with all provisions specified in
applicable A.R.S.   35-214  and   35-215  and AHCCCS rules and policies and procedures relating to the audit of the Contractor s records and the inspection of
the Contractor s facilities. The Contractor shall fully cooperate with AHCCCS staff and allow them reasonable access to the Contractor s staff, subcontractors, members, and records [42 CFR 438.6(g)].  
 At any time during the term of this contract, and five (5) years thereafter unless a longer time is otherwise required by law, the
Contractor s or any subcontractor s books and records shall be subject to audit by AHCCCS and, where applicable, the Federal government, to the extent that the books and records relate to the performance of the contract or subcontracts [42
CFR 438.242(b)(3)].  
      2  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
   
  AHCCCS, or its duly authorized agents, and the Federal government may evaluate through  on-site  inspection or other means, the quality, appropriateness and timeliness of services performed under this contract.      

7.  
  AUTHORITY       This contract is issued under the authority of the Contracting Officer who
signed this contract. Changes to the contract, including the addition of work or materials, the revision of payment terms, or the substitution of work or materials, directed by an unauthorized state employee or made unilaterally by the Contractor
are violations of the contract and of applicable law. Such changes, including unauthorized written contract amendments, shall be void and without effect, and the Contractor shall not be entitled to any claim under this contract based on those
changes.      
   AHCCCS may at any time, by written notice to the Contractor, make changes
within the general scope of this contract. If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, performance of any part of the work under this contract, the Contractor may assert its right to an adjustment in
compensation paid under this contract. The Contractor must assert its right to such adjustment within 30 days from the date of receipt of the change notice. Any dispute or disagreement caused by such notice shall constitute a dispute within the
meaning of Section, Contract Terms and Conditions, Disputes, and be administered accordingly.    When AHCCCS issues an Amendment to modify
the Contract, the Contractor shall ensure contract amendments are signed and submitted to AHCCCS by the date specified by AHCCCS. The provisions of such amendment will be deemed to have been accepted on the day following the date AHCCCS requires an
executed amendment, even if the amendment has not been signed by the Contractor, unless within that time the Contractor notifies AHCCCS in writing that it refuses to sign the amendment. If the Contractor provides such notification, AHCCCS will
initiate termination proceedings.      

9.  
  CHOICE OF FORUM       The parties agree that jurisdiction over any action arising out of or
relating to this contract shall be brought or filed in a court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of Arizona.      

10.  
  COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS       The Contractor shall comply with
all applicable Federal and State laws and regulations including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (regarding education programs and activities); the Age Discrimination Act of 1975; the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (regarding education programs and activities), and the Americans with Disabilities Act; EEO provisions; Copeland Anti-Kickback Act; Davis-Bacon Act; Contract Work Hours  
      3  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

and Safety Standards; Rights to Inventions Made Under a Contract or Agreement; Clean Air Act and Federal Water Pollution Control Act; Byrd Anti-Lobbying Amendment. The Contractor shall maintain
all applicable licenses and permits.      

11.  
  CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION       The Contractor shall
safeguard confidential information in accordance with Federal and State laws and regulations, including but not limited to, 42 CFR 431, Subpart F, A.R.S.   36-107, 
  36-2903  (for Acute),   36-2932  (for ALTCS),   41-1959  and   46-135,  the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (Public Law  107-191  Statutes 1936), 45 CFR parts 160 and 164, and AHCCCS Rules.  
 The Contractor shall establish and maintain procedures and controls that are acceptable to AHCCCS for the purpose of assuring that no
information contained in its records or obtained from AHCCCS or others carrying out its functions under the contract shall be used or disclosed by its agents, officers or employees, except as required to efficiently perform duties under the
contract. Except as required or permitted by law, the Contractor also agrees that any information pertaining to individual persons shall not be divulged other than to employees or officers of the Contractor as needed for the performance of duties
under the contract, unless otherwise agreed to, in writing, by AHCCCS.    The Contractor shall not, without prior written approval from
AHCCCS, either during or after the performance of the services required by this contract, use, other than for such performance, or disclose to any person other than AHCCCS personnel with a need to know, any information, data, material, or exhibits
created, developed, produced, or otherwise obtained during the course of the work required by this contract. This nondisclosure requirement shall also pertain to any information contained in reports, documents, or other records furnished to the
Contractor by AHCCCS.      

12.  
  CONFLICT OF INTEREST       The Contractor shall not undertake any work that represents a
potential conflict of interest, or which is not in the best interest of AHCCCS or the State without prior written approval by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall fully and completely disclose any situation that may present a conflict of interest. If the
Contractor is now performing or elects to perform during the term of this contract any services for any AHCCCS health plan, provider or Contractor or an entity owning or controlling same, the Contractor shall disclose this relationship prior to
accepting any assignment involving such party.      

13.  
  CONTINUATION OF PERFORMANCE THROUGH TERMINATION       The Contractor shall continue to
perform, in accordance with the requirements of the contract, up to the date of termination and as directed in the termination notice.  
      4  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

The Contract between AHCCCS and the Contractor shall include: 1) the Request
for Proposal (RFP) including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference as part of the RFP, 2) the proposal submitted by the Contractor in response to the RFP including any Best and Final Offers, and 3) any Contract amendments. In the
event of a conflict in language between the proposal (including any Best and Final Offers) and the RFP (including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference), the provisions and requirements set forth and/or referenced in the RFP
(including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference) shall govern.    The Contract shall be construed according to the laws
of the State of Arizona. The State of Arizona is not obligated for the expenditures under the contract until funds have been encumbered.      

15.  
  CONTRACT INTERPRETATION AND AMENDMENT        No Parole Evidence  - This contract is
intended by the parties as a final and complete expression of their agreement. No course of prior dealings between the parties and no usage of the trade shall supplement or explain any term used in this contract.  
  No Waiver  - Either party s failure to insist on strict performance of any term or condition of the contract shall not be deemed a
waiver of that term or condition even if the party accepting or acquiescing in the  non-conforming  performance knows of the nature of the performance and fails to object to it.  
  Written Contract Amendments  - The contract shall be modified only through a written contract amendment within the scope of the contract
signed by the procurement officer on behalf of the State and signed by a duly authorized representative of the Contractor.      

16.  
  COOPERATION WITH OTHER CONTRACTORS       AHCCCS may award other contracts for additional work
related to this contract and Contractor shall fully cooperate with such other contractors and AHCCCS employees or designated agents. The Contractor shall not commit or permit any act which will interfere with the performance of work by any other
Contractor or by AHCCCS employees.      

17.  
  COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES       The Contractor warrants that no person or agency has
been employed or retained to solicit or secure this contract upon an agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage or contingent fee. For violation of this warranty, AHCCCS shall have the right to annul this contract without
liability.      
   The Contractor shall certify that financial and encounter data
submitted to AHCCCS is complete, accurate and truthful. Certification of financial and encounter data must be submitted concurrently with the data. Certification may  
      5  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

be provided by the Contractor CEO, CFO or an individual who is delegated authority to sign for, and who reports directly to the CEO or CFO [42 CFR 438.604 et seq.].  
   
   Contract claims and disputes shall be adjudicated in accordance with State
Law, AHCCCS Rules and this contract.    Except as provided by 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6, the exclusive manner for the Contractor to
assert any dispute against AHCCCS shall be in accordance with the process outlined in 9 A.A.C. Chapter 34 and A.R.S.   36-2932.  All disputes except as provided under 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6 shall be
filed in writing and be received by AHCCCS no later than 60 days from the date of the disputed notice. All disputes shall state the factual and legal basis for the dispute. Pending the final resolution of any disputes involving this contract, the
Contractor shall proceed with performance of this contract in accordance with AHCCCS  instructions, unless AHCCCS specifically, in writing, requests termination or a temporary suspension of performance.  

20.  
   E-VERIFY  REQUIREMENTS       In accordance with A.R.S   41-4401,  the Contractor warrants compliance with all Federal immigration laws and regulations relating to employees and warrants its compliance with Section A.R.S.
  23-214,  Subsection A.      
   The effective date of this contract shall be the Offer and Acceptance
date referenced on page 1 of this contract.      

22.  
  ELIGIBILITY FOR STATE OR LOCAL PUBLIC BENEFITS; DOCUMENTATION AND VIOLATIONS       To the
extent permitted by Federal Law:    The Contractor shall comply with A.R.S    1-502.  A.R.S  
 1-502  requires each person applying or receiving a public benefit to provide documented proof which demonstrates a lawful presence in the United States.  
 The State shall reserve the right to conduct unscheduled, periodic process and documentation audits to ensure Contractor compliance. All
available Contract remedies, up to and including termination may be taken for failure to comply with A.R.S    1-502  in the delivery of services under this Contract.  

23.  
  EMPLOYEES OF THE CONTRACTOR       All employees of the Contractor employed in the performance of work under
the Contract shall be considered employees of the Contractor at all times, and not employees of AHCCCS or the State. The Contractor shall comply with the Social Security Act, Workman s Compensation laws and Unemployment laws of the State of
Arizona and all State, local and Federal legislation relevant to the Contractor s business.  
      6  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

24.  
  FEDERAL IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT       The Contractor shall comply with all Federal,
State and local immigration laws and regulations relating to the immigration status of their employees during the term of the contract. Further, the Contractor shall flow down this requirement to all subcontractors utilized during the term of the
contract. The State shall retain the right to perform random audits of Contractor and subcontractor records or to inspect papers of any employee thereof to ensure compliance. Should the State determine that the Contractor and/or any subcontractors
be found noncompliant, the State may pursue all remedies allowed by law, including, but not limited to; suspension of work, termination of the contract for default and suspension and/or debarment of the Contractor.  
   
   AHCCCS may, by written notice to the Contractor, immediately terminate this
contract if it determines that employment or a gratuity was offered or made by the Contractor or a representative of the Contractor to any officer or employee of the State for the purpose of influencing the outcome of the procurement or securing the
contract, an amendment to the contract, or favorable treatment concerning the contract, including the making of any determination or decision about contract performance. AHCCCS, in addition to any other rights or remedies, shall be entitled to
recover exemplary damages in the amount of three times the value of the gratuity offered by the Contractor.      

26.  
  INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE       This solicitation and all attachments and amendments, the
Contractor s proposal, best and final offer accepted by ADHS/DBHS, and any approved subcontracts are hereby incorporated by reference into the contract.      
    Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Not Public Agency):   
 The parties to this contract agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be indemnified and held
harmless by the Contractor for the vicarious liability of the State as a result of entering into this contract. The Contractor agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the State from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs,
and expenses, including attorney s fees and costs, arising out of litigation against AHCCCS including, but not limited to, class action lawsuits challenging actions by the Contractor. The requirement for indemnification applies irrespective of
whether or not the Contractor is a party to the lawsuit. Each Contractor shall indemnify the State, on a pro rata basis based on population, attorney s fees and costs awarded against the State as well as the attorney s fees and costs
incurred by the State in defending the lawsuit. The Contractor shall also indemnify AHCCCS, on a pro rata basis based on population, the administrative expenses incurred by AHCCCS to address Contractor deficiencies arising out of the litigation. The
parties further agree that the State of Arizona, its  
      7  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be responsible for its own negligence and/or willful misconduct. Each party to this contract is responsible for its own negligence and/or
willful misconduct.     Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Public Agency):   
 Each party ( as indemnitor ) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party ( as indemnitee ) from and
against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) (hereinafter collectively referred to as  claims ) arising out of bodily injury of any person (including death) or property
damage but only to the extent that such claims which result in vicarious/derivative liability to the indemnitee, are caused by the act, omission, negligence, misconduct, or other fault of the indemnitor, its officers, officials, agents, employees,
or volunteers.      

28.  
  INDEMNIFICATION - PATENT AND COPYRIGHT       To the extent permitted by applicable law the
Contractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the State against any liability including costs and expenses for infringement of any patent, trademark or copyright arising out of contract performance or use by the State of materials furnished
or work performed under this contract. The State shall reasonably notify the Contractor of any claim for which it may be liable under this paragraph.      
   The Contractor is required to maintain insurance, at a minimum, as specified
in Attachment  E-1  Standard Professional Service Contracts. For policies for insurance for professional service contracts working with children or vulnerable adults, the policy may be endorsed to include
coverage for sexual abuse and molestation.  
      8  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
   
   ATTACHMENT  E-1    
  STANDARD PROFESSIONAL SERVICE CONTRACT      INDEMNIFICATION
CLAUSE:     To the fullest extent permitted by law, Contractor shall defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless the State of Arizona, and its departments,
agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees (hereinafter referred to as  Indemnitee ) from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses (including court
costs, attorneys  fees, and costs of claim processing, investigation and litigation) (hereinafter referred to as  Claims ) for bodily injury or personal injury (including death), or loss or damage to tangible or intangible property
caused, or alleged to be caused, in whole or in part, by the negligent or willful acts or omissions of Contractor or any of its owners, officers, directors, agents, employees or subcontractors. This indemnity includes any claim or amount arising out
of or recovered under the Workers  Compensation Law or arising out of the failure of such Contractor to conform to any Federal, State or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or court decree. It is the specific intention of the
parties that the Indemnitee shall, in all instances, except for Claims arising solely from the negligent or willful acts or omissions of the Indemnitee, be indemnified by Contractor from and against any and all claims. It is agreed that Contractor
will be responsible for primary loss investigation, defense and judgment costs where this indemnification is applicable. In consideration of the award of this contract, the Contractor agrees to waive all rights of subrogation against the State of
Arizona, its officers, officials, agents and employees for losses arising from the work performed by the Contractor for the State of Arizona.     This
indemnity shall not apply if the Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are an agency, board, commission or university of the State of Arizona.       

1.  
  INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:       Contractors shall procure and maintain until all of their
obligations have been discharged, including any warranty periods under this Contract, insurance against claims for injury to persons or damage to property arising from or in connection with the performance of the work hereunder by the Contractor,
its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors.    The insurance requirements herein are minimum requirements for this Contract and
in no way limit the indemnity covenants contained in this Contract. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the minimum limits contained herein are sufficient to protect the Contractor from liabilities that arise out of the performance of the
work under this contract by the Contractor, its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors, and the Contractor is free to purchase additional insurance.      

A. 
   MINIMUM SCOPE AND LIMITS OF INSURANCE :  Contractor shall provide coverage with limits of liability not less than those stated below.    

1. 
  Commercial General Liability (CGL)   Occurrence Form        Policy shall include bodily
injury, property damage, and broad form contractual liability coverage.  
      9  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

a. 
 The policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the     State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and
employees as additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of   the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers,
officials, agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

2.  
  Business Automobile Liability       Bodily Injury and Property Damage for any owned, hired,
and/or  non-owned  vehicles used in the performance of this Contract.      

a. 
 Policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees as
additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor, involving automobiles owned, leased, hired, and/or  non-owned  by the Contractor.

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

c. 
 Policy shall contain a severability of interest provision.        

3.  
  Worker s Compensation and Employers  Liability         

Workers  Compensation Statutory        

Employers  Liability        

a. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of   the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers,
officials, agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 This requirement shall not apply to each Contractor or subcontractor that is exempt under A.R.S.   23-901,  and when such Contractor or subcontractor executes the appropriate
waiver form (Sole Proprietor or Independent Contractor).    
      10  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

4.  
  Professional Liability (Errors and Omissions Liability)         

a. 
 In the event that the Professional Liability insurance required by this Contract is written on a claims-made basis, Contractor warrants that any retroactive date under the policy shall precede the effective date of this
Contract; and either continuous coverage will be maintained or an extended discovery period will be exercised for a period of two years beginning at the time work under this Contract is completed.    

b. 
 The policy shall cover professional misconduct or negligent acts for those positions defined in the Scope of Work of this Contract.        

B. 
   ADDITIONAL INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS :  The policies shall include, or be endorsed to include, as required by this written agreement, the following provisions:    

1. 
 The Contractor s policies shall stipulate that the insurance afforded the Contractor shall be primary and that any insurance carried by AHCCCS, its agents, officials, employees or the State of Arizona shall be
excess and not contributory insurance, as provided by A.R.S.   41-621  (E).        

2. 
 Insurance provided by the Contractor shall not limit the Contractor s liability assumed under the indemnification provisions of this Contract.    

C. 
   NOTICE OF CANCELLATION :  For each insurance policy required by the insurance provisions of this Contract, the Contractor must provide to the State of Arizona, within two (2) business days of receipt, a
notice if a policy is suspended, voided, or cancelled for any reason. Such notice shall be sent to AHCCCS Contracts Unit, Mail Drop 5700, Division of Business and Finance, 701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034.    

D. 
   ACCEPTABILITY OF INSURERS :  Contractor s insurance shall be placed with companies licensed in the State of Arizona or hold approved  non-admitted  status on the
Arizona Department of Insurance List of Qualified Unauthorized Insurers. Insurers shall have an  A.M. Best  rating of not less than  A-  VII. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the
above-required minimum insurer rating is sufficient to protect the Contractor from potential insurer insolvency.        

E. 
   VERIFICATION OF COVERAGE :  Contractor shall furnish the State of Arizona with certificates of insurance (valid ACORD form or equivalent approved by the State of Arizona) as required by this Contract and as
specified in  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables. An authorized representative of the insurer shall sign the certificates .      
 All certificates and endorsements, as required by this written agreement, are to be received and approved by the State of Arizona before work
commences. Each insurance policy required by this Contract must be in effect at or prior to commencement of work under this Contract. Failure to maintain the insurance policies as required by this Contract, or to provide evidence of renewal, is a
material breach of Contract.  
      11  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
   
  All certificates required by this Contract shall be sent directly to AHCCCS Contracts Unit,
Mail Drop 5700, Division of Business and Finance, 701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034. All subcontractors are required to maintain insurance and to provide verification upon request. The AHCCCS project/contract number and project description
shall be noted on the certificate of insurance. The State of Arizona and AHCCCS reserves the right to require complete, certified copies of all insurance policies required by this Contract at any time .   

F. 
   SUBCONTRACTORS :  Contractors  certificate(s) shall include all subcontractors as insureds under its policies or   Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring and/or verifying that all
subcontractors have valid and collectable insurance as evidenced by the certificates of insurance and endorsements for each subcontractor. All coverages for subcontractors shall be subject to the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions located on the
AHCCCS website. AHCCCS reserves the right to require, at any time throughout the life of this contract, proof from the Contractor that its subcontractors have the required coverage.    

G. 
   APPROVAL AND MODIFICATIONS :  AHCCCS, in consultation with State Risk, reserves the right to review or make modifications to the insurance limits, required coverages, or endorsements throughout the life of
this contract, as deemed necessary. Such action will not require a formal contract amendment but may be made by administrative action.        

H. 
   EXCEPTIONS   :  In the event the Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are a public entity, then the Insurance Requirements shall not apply. Such public entity shall provide a certificate of self-insurance.
If the Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are a State of Arizona agency, board, commission, or university, none of the above shall apply.    
 [END OF ATTACHMENT  E-1]       
   In order to receive payment under any resulting contract, the Contractor
shall have a current IRS W9 Form on file with the State of Arizona.      
   No funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS, or interest earned thereon, shall
be used for the purpose of influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any Federal or State agency, a member of the United States Congress or State Legislature, an officer or employee of a member of the United States Congress or
State Legislature in connection with awarding of any Federal or State contract, the making of any Federal or State grant, the making of any Federal or State loan, the entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation,
renewal, amendment or modification of any Federal or State contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement. The Contractor shall disclose if any funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS have been used or will be used to influence the persons and
entities indicated above and will assist AHCCCS in making such disclosures to CMS.      

32.  
  NO GUARANTEED QUANTITIES       AHCCCS does not guarantee the Contractor any minimum or
maximum quantity of services or goods to be provided under this contract.  
      12  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

In accordance with A.R.S.   41-1461  et seq. and Executive Order  2009-09,  the Contractor shall provide equal employment opportunities for all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, creed,
sex, age, national origin, disability or political affiliation. The Contractor shall comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act.      

34.  
   NON-EXCLUSIVE  REMEDIES       The rights and the
remedies of AHCCCS under this contract are not exclusive.      

35.  
   OFF-SHORE  PERFORMANCE OF WORK PROHIBITED       Any
services that are described in the specifications or scope of work that directly serve the State of Arizona or its clients and involve access to secure or sensitive data or personal client data shall be performed within the defined territories of
the United States. Unless specifically stated otherwise in the specifications, this paragraph does not apply to indirect or  overhead  services, redundant  back-up  services or services that are
incidental to the performance of the contract. This provision applies to work performed by subcontractors at all tiers.      
   The parties to this contract shall be bound by all terms and
conditions contained herein. For interpreting such terms and conditions the following sources shall have precedence in descending order: The Constitution and laws of the United States and applicable Federal regulations; the terms of the CMS 1115
waiver for the State of Arizona; the Constitution and laws of Arizona, and applicable State Rules; the terms of this contract which consists of the RFP, the proposal of the successful Offeror, and any Best and Final Offer including any attachments,
executed amendments and modifications; and AHCCCS policies and procedures.      

37.  
  OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION AND DATA       Materials, reports and other deliverables created
under this contract are the sole property of AHCCCS. The Contractor is not entitled to any rights to those materials and may not transfer any rights to anyone else. Except as necessary to carry out the requirements of this contract, as otherwise
allowed under this contract, or as required by law, the Contractor shall not use or release data, information or materials, reports, or deliverables derived from that data or information without the prior written consent of AHCCCS. Data, information
and reports collected or prepared by the Contractor in the course of performing its duties and obligations under this contract shall not be used by the Contractor for any independent project of the Contractor or publicized by the Contractor without
the prior written permission of AHCCCS. Subject to applicable state and Federal laws and regulations, AHCCCS shall have full and complete rights to reproduce, duplicate, disclose and otherwise use all such information.  
      13  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
   
  At the termination of the contract, the Contractor shall make available all such data to
AHCCCS within 30 days following termination of the contract or such longer period as approved by AHCCCS, Office of the Director. For purposes of this subsection, the term  data  shall not include member medical records.  
 Except as otherwise provided in this section, if any copyrightable or patentable material is developed by the Contractor in the course of
performance of this contract, the Federal government, AHCCCS and the State of Arizona shall have a  royalty-free,  nonexclusive, and irrevocable right to reproduce, publish, or otherwise use, and to authorize
others to use, the work for state or Federal government purposes. The Contractor shall additionally be subject to the applicable provisions of 45 CFR Part 74.      

39.  
  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES       The Contractor under this contract is an independent
Contractor. Neither party to this contract shall be deemed to be the employee or agent of the other party to the contract.      
   AHCCCS shall be entitled to offset against any sums due the Contractor
any expenses or costs incurred by AHCCCS or damages assessed by AHCCCS concerning the Contractor s  non-conforming  performance or failure to perform the contract, including but not limited to expenses,
costs and damages.      
   If AHCCCS, in good faith, has reason to believe that the Contractor
does not intend to perform or is unable to continue to perform this contract, the procurement officer may demand in writing that the Contractor give a written assurance of intent to perform. The demand shall be sent to the Contractor by certified
mail, return receipt required. Failure by the Contractor to provide written assurance within the number of days specified in the demand may, at the State s option, be the basis for terminating the contract.  

42.  
  RIGHT TO INSPECT PLANT OR PLACE OF BUSINESS       AHCCCS may, at reasonable times, inspect
the part of the plant or place of business of the Contractor or subcontractor that is related to the performance of this contract, in accordance with A.R.S.   41-2547.   

14  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

The provisions of this contract are severable. Any term or condition
deemed illegal or invalid shall not affect any other term or condition of the contract.      

45.  
  SUSPENSION OR DEBARMENT       The Contractor shall not employ, consult, subcontract or enter
into any agreement for services with any person or entity who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity or from participating in  non-procurement  activities under
regulations issued under Executive Order 12549 [42 CFR 438.610(a)(b)] or under guidelines implementing Executive Order 12549. This prohibition extends to any entity which employs, consults, subcontracts with or otherwise reimburses for services any
person substantially involved in the management of another entity which is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity. The Contractor is obligated to screen all employees and contractors to determine whether any of
them have been excluded from participation in Federal health care programs. The Contractor can search the  HHS-OIG  website by the names of any individuals. The database can be accessed at
http://www.oig.hhs.gov/fraud/exclusions.asp.    The Contractor shall not retain as a director, officer, partner or owner of 5% or more of the
Contractor entity, any person, or affiliate of such a person, who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity.  
 AHCCCS may, by written notice to the Contractor, immediately terminate this contract if it determines that the Contractor has been debarred,
suspended or otherwise lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity.      

46.  
  TEMPORARY MANAGEMENT/OPERATION OF A CONTRACTOR        Temporary Management/Operation by
AHCCCS:  Pursuant to the Medicaid Managed Care Regulations, 42 CFR 438.700 et seq. and State Law A.R.S.   36-2903,  AHCCCS is authorized to impose temporary management for a Contractor under certain
conditions. Under Federal law, temporary management may be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is continued egregious behavior by the Contractor, including but not limited to the following: substantial failure to provide medically necessary
services the Contractor is required to provide; imposition on enrollees premiums or charges that exceed those permitted by AHCCCS, discrimination among enrollees on the basis of health status or need for health care services; misrepresentation or
falsification of information to AHCCCS or CMS; misrepresentation or falsification of information furnished to an enrollee or provider; distribution of marketing materials that have not been approved by AHCCCS or that are false or misleading; or
behavior contrary to any requirements of Sections 1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Temporary management may also be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is substantial risk to enrollees  health or that temporary management is
necessary to ensure the health of enrollees while the Contractor is correcting the deficiencies noted above or until there is an orderly transition or reorganization of the Contractor. Under Federal law, temporary management is mandatory if AHCCCS
determines that the Contractor has repeatedly failed to meet  
      15  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

substantive requirements in Sections 1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Pursuant to 42 CFR 438.706, AHCCCS shall not delay imposition of temporary management to provide a hearing before
imposing this sanction.    If AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor, AHCCCS, through designees appointed by the Director,
shall be vested with full and exclusive power of management and control of the Contractor as necessary to ensure the uninterrupted care to persons and accomplish the orderly transition of persons to a new or existing Contractor, or until the
Contractor corrects the contract performance failure to the satisfaction of AHCCCS. AHCCCS shall have the power to employ any necessary assistants, to execute any instrument in the name of the Contractor, to commence, defend and conduct in its name
any action or proceeding in which the Contractor may be a party; such powers shall only apply with respect to activities occurring after AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor in connection with this Section.  
 All reasonable expenses of AHCCCS related to the direct operation of the Contractor, including attorney fees, cost of preliminary or other
audits of the Contractor and expenses related to the management of any office or other assets of the Contractor, shall be paid by the Contractor or withheld from payment due from AHCCCS to the Contractor.  

47.  
  TERM OF CONTRACT AND OPTION TO RENEW       The  Term of Contract  shall commence on
the Contract Award Date, include the Contract Transition Period (the time period between the Contract Award Date to the Contract Performance Start Date) and end 36 months after the Contract Performance Start Date. Contract Performance Start Date
will begin on October 1, 2015, and shall continue for a period of three years thereafter, unless terminated, canceled or extended as otherwise provided herein. The total Contract term for this section will be for three years delivering services
to members, plus the Contract Transition Period. The contract cycle is October 1 through September 30 with an annual October 1 renewal. The State refers to the first three Contract periods during the Term of Contract as:  
 First Contract period: Starts on the Contract Award Date, includes the Contract Transition Period, and ends 12 months after Contract
Performance Start Date.    Second Contract period: Starts after the end of the first Contract period and ends 12 months later.  
 Third Contract period: Starts after the end of the second Contract period and ends twelve 12 months later.  
 The terms and conditions of any such contract extension shall remain the same as the original contract, as amended. Any contract extension
shall be through contract amendment, and shall be at the sole option of AHCCCS.  
      16  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
   
  If the Contractor has been awarded a contract in more than one GSA, each such contract will
be considered separately renewable. AHCCCS may renew the Contractor s contract in one GSA, but not in another. In the event AHCCCS determines there are issues of noncompliance by the Contractor in one GSA, AHCCCS may request an enrollment cap
for the Contractor s contracts in all other GSAs. Further, AHCCCS may require the Contractor to renew all currently awarded GSAs, or may terminate the contract if the Contractor does not agree to renew all currently awarded GSAs.  
 When the Contracting Officer issues an amendment to extend the contract, the provisions of such extension will be deemed to have been accepted
30 days after the date of mailing by the Contracting Officer, unless a different time period is specified by AHCCCS, even if the extension amendment has not been signed by the Contractor, unless within that time the Contractor notifies the
Contracting Officer in writing that it refuses to sign the extension amendment. Failure of an existing Contractor to accept an amendment (or renew) may result in immediate suspension/termination of member assignment. If the Contractor provides such
notification, the Contracting Officer will initiate contract termination proceedings.    If the Contractor chooses not to renew this
contract, the Contractor may be liable for certain costs associated with the transition of its members to a different Contractor. The Contractor is required to provide 180 days advance written notice to the Contracts and Purchasing Administrator of
its intent not to renew the contract. If the Contractor provides the Contracts and Purchasing Administrator written notice of its intent not to renew this contract at least 180 days before its expiration, this liability for transition costs may be
waived by the Contracting Officer.    Contract extension periods shall, if authorized by the State, begin after the  Term of
Contract  section of these Contract Terms and Conditions. This Contract is subject to two additional successive periods of up to 24 months per extension period. The State refers to Contract periods four and five during the Contract Extensions
period as:    Fourth Contract period: Starts after the end of the third Contract period and is extended for a period of time not to exceed 24
months.    Fifth Contract period: Starts after the end of the fourth Contract period and is extended for a period of time not to exceed 24
months.      
   AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate this contract in whole or in part by
reason of force majeure, due to the failure of the Contractor to comply with any term or condition of the contract, including, but not limited to, circumstances which present risk to member health or safety, and as authorized by the Balanced Budget
Act of 1997 and 42 CFR 438.708. The term force majeure means an occurrence that is beyond the control of AHCCCS and occurs without its fault or negligence. Force majeure includes acts of God and other similar occurrences beyond the control of AHCCCS
which it is unable to prevent by exercising reasonable diligence.  
      17  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
   
  If the Contractor is providing services under more than one contract with AHCCCS, AHCCCS may
deem unsatisfactory performance under one contract to be cause to require the Contractor to provide assurance of performance under any and all other contracts. In such situations, AHCCCS reserves the right to seek remedies under both actual and
anticipatory breaches of contract if adequate assurance of performance is not received. The Contracting Officer shall mail written notice of the termination and the reason(s) for it to the Contractor by certified mail, return receipt requested.
Pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and 42 CFR 438.708, AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor with a  pre-termination  hearing before termination of the contract.  
 Upon termination, all documents, data, and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be delivered
to immediately AHCCCS on demand.    AHCCCS may, upon termination of this contract, procure on terms and in the manner that it deems
appropriate, materials or services to replace those under this contract. The Contractor shall be liable for any excess costs incurred by AHCCCS in  re-procuring  the materials or services.  

49.  
  TERMINATION - AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS       Funds are not presently available for performance
under this contract beyond the current fiscal year. No legal liability on the part of AHCCCS for any payment may arise under this contract until funds are made available for performance of this contract.  
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by Contractor, if, for any reason, there are not
sufficient appropriated and available monies for the purpose of maintaining this Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Contractor shall have no further obligation to AHCCCS.  

50.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONFLICT OF INTEREST       AHCCCS may cancel this contract without penalty or
further obligation if any person significantly involved in initiating, negotiating, securing, drafting or creating the contract on behalf of AHCCCS is, or becomes at any time while the contract or any extension of the contract is in effect, an
employee of, or a consultant to, any other party to this contract with respect to the subject matter of the contract. The cancellation shall be effective when the Contractor receives written notice of the cancellation unless the notice specifies a
later time.    If the Contractor is a political subdivision of the State, it may also cancel this contract as provided by A.R.S.   38-511.       

51.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE       AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate the contract in
whole or in part at any time for the convenience of the State without penalty or recourse. The Contracting Officer shall give written notice by certified mail, of the termination at  
      18  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

least 90 days before the effective date of the termination. Upon receipt of written notice, the Contractor shall stop all work, as directed in the notice, notify all subcontractors of the
effective date of the termination and minimize all further costs to the State. In the event of termination under this paragraph, all documents, data and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be
delivered to AHCCCS immediately on demand. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive just and equitable compensation for work in progress, work completed and materials accepted before the effective date of the termination.  

52.  
  TERMINATION UPON MUTUAL AGREEMENT       This Contract may be terminated by mutual written
agreement of the parties effective upon the date specified in the written agreement. If the parties cannot reach agreement regarding an effective date for termination, AHCCCS will determine the effective date.  

53.  
  THIRD PARTY ANTITRUST VIOLATIONS       The Contractor assigns to the State any claim for
overcharges resulting from antitrust violations to the extent that those violations concern materials or services supplied by third parties to the Contractor toward fulfillment of this contract.  
   
   Fixed-Price, stated as capitated per member per month, except as
otherwise provided.      

55.  
  WARRANTY OF SERVICES       The Contractor warrants that all services provided under this
contract will conform to the requirements stated herein. AHCCCS  acceptance of services provided by the Contractor shall not relieve the Contractor from its obligations under this warranty. In addition to its other remedies, AHCCCS may, at the
Contractor s expense, require prompt correction of any services failing to meet the Contractor s warranty herein. Services corrected by the Contractor shall be subject to all of the provisions of this contract in the manner and to the same
extent as the services originally furnished.  
      19  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

20  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

21  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

22  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

23  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

24  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

25  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

26  

SCOPE OF WORK       

1. 
  INTRODUCTION       This contract describes the responsibilities for provision of  Non-Title  XIX/XXI services for Title XIX and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI members accessing behavioral health services. For ease of reference, the sections in this Contract correspond to
the related sections in the Title XIX Contract YH17-0001. The Contractor shall adhere to all requirements and provisions of the Title XIX YH17-0001 Contract for all populations under this contract except when noted  Exempt . In instances
where the requirements and provisions of the Title XIX Contract YH17-0001 apply to the populations under this contract, the following text is used:  Refer to Title XIX Contract YH17-0001.  In instances where the requirements and provisions
of both Title XIX Contract YH17-0001 and supplementary requirements apply to the populations under this contract, the following text is used:  Refer to Title XIX Contract YH17-0001 and.  In instances where language contained in this
contract differs from the Title XIX  YH17-001  Contract, the language in this contract will prevail only with regard to administration of the  Non-Title  XIX/XXI services
provided to populations under this contract.        No requirements related to the coverage of physical health services specified in
the Title XIX YH17-0001 Contract are applicable herein, including instances when this contract refers to the Title XIX Contract.     Based
on funding availability, the U.S. Government may make additional grant funding available to AHCCCS for the populations served under this Contract ( Future Grant ). At its sole discretion, AHCCCS may notify the Contractor in writing of an
offer to become a  sub-recipient  of the Future Grant and the requirements of the Future Grant. Should the Contractor agree to be a  sub-recipient  of the Future Grant,
it shall notify AHCCCS in writing of the acceptance of AHCCCS  offer. The Contractor s acceptance of this grant funding shall amend this Contract to obligate the Contractor to fulfill all requirements of the Future Grant ( Future
Grant Amendment ). All other provisions of this Contract shall remain unchanged and shall apply to any Future Grant Amendment. If a provision of the Future Grant Amendment conflicts with this Contract, the Future Grant Amendment shall
control.     

1.2 
 System Values and Guiding Principles        

1.3 
 Integrated Health Care Service Delivery Principles for Persons with Serious Mental Illness        

2  
  ELIGIBILITY         

2.1 
 Medicaid Eligible Populations        

The Contractor is also responsible for the provision of State Only services for CRS members. See also ACOM Policy 426.    
      27  

SCOPE OF WORK   

2.2 
 Special Medicaid Eligibility-Members Awaiting Transplants        

2.3 
  Non-Medicaid  Eligible Populations      The Contractor
shall be responsible to provide covered behavioral health services to  non-Medicaid  eligible children and adults subject to available funding allocated to the Contractor.  

Non-Medicaid  eligible children and adults        

Substance Abuse Block Grant (SABG) recipients      SABG funds are used to ensure access to
treatment and long-term recovery support services for (in order of priority):      

Pregnant women/teenagers who use drugs by injection;        

Pregnant women/teenagers who use substances;        

Other persons who use drugs by injection;        

Substance using women and teenagers with dependent children and their families, including females who are attempting to regain custody of their children; and    

All other clients with a substance use disorder, regardless of age, gender or route of use (as funding is available).        

Persons must indicate active substance use within the previous  12-month  period to be eligible for SABG funded services.    

Mental Health Block Grant (MHBG) Recipients        

MHBG funds are used to provide services for adults with Serious Mental Illness (SMI) and children with serious emotional disturbance (SED).    

2.4 
 Eligibility and Member Verification        

2.5 
 Medicaid Eligibility Determination        

Exempt        

2.6 
 Federal Health Insurance Exchange      The Contractor and contracted providers must educate and
encourage  Non-Title  XIX/XXI SMI members to enroll in a qualified health plan through the federal health insurance exchange and offer assistance for those choosing to
 
      28  

SCOPE OF WORK   

enroll during open enrollment periods and qualified life events. The following applies for members who enroll in a qualified health plan through the federal insurance exchange:  

Members enrolled in a qualified health plan through the federal health insurance exchange continue to be eligible for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI covered services that are not covered under
the exchange plan.        

Non-Title  XIX/XXI funds may not be used to cover premiums or  co-pays  associated with qualified health plans through the federal exchange or
other third party liability premiums or  co-pays  other than Medicare Part D for SMI members. See also, ACOM Policy 434.        

The Contractor must issue approval prior to any utilization of  Non-Title  XIX/XXI funding for services otherwise covered under a qualified plan through the federal exchange.

3  
  ENROLLMENT AND DISENROLLMENT         

3.1 
 Enrollment and Disenrollment of Populations        
   The Contractor shall comply with the requirements
in the Technical Interface Guidelines (TIG).      

Defer to AHCCCS, which has exclusive authority to designate who will be enrolled and disenrolled as  Non-Medicaid  eligible members.    

For a  Non-Title  XIX/XXI eligible person to be enrolled, providers must submit an 834 enrollment transaction to the Contractor.    

Exempt        

3.3 
 Prior Quarter Coverage        

3.4 
 Prior Period Coverage        

3.5 
 Hospital Presumptive Eligibility        

4  
  SCOPE OF SERVICES         

29  

SCOPE OF WORK   

4.2 
 General Requirements for the System of Care        

4.3 
 Behavioral Health Covered Services        

The Contractor shall:      

Ensure the delivery of medically necessary and clinically appropriate covered behavioral health services to eligible members in conformance with the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide.    

Deliver covered behavioral health services under the Mental Health (MHBG) Block Grant, the Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment Block Grant (SABG) and other grant funding as available.    

Persons receiving substance use disorder treatment services under the SABG have the right to receive services from a provider to whose religious character they do not object.    

Behavioral health subcontractors providing substance abuse services under the SABG must notify persons of this right using Policy Attachment 110.1, or its successor. Providers must document that the person has received
notice in the person s comprehensive clinical record.        

If a person objects to the religious character of a behavioral health provider, the provider must refer the person to an alternative provider within 7 days, or earlier when clinically indicated, after the date of the
objection. Upon making such a referral, providers must notify the Contractor of the referral and ensure that the person makes contact with the alternative provider.    

The Contractor must develop and make available policies and procedures that indicate who and how providers should notify the Contractor of these referrals.    

Submit reports on use of MHBG and SABG programs and funds in accordance with Block Grant reporting requirements and in accordance with  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.    

Deliver covered behavioral health services in accordance with the terms of the Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) between AHCCCS and all County agreements for court ordered evaluations (COE). See also AMPM Policy  320-U.     
      30  

SCOPE OF WORK   

The Contractor in the Southern GSA shall:        

Utilize the Pima County IGA funding listed in the allocation schedule to support Crisis activities; and        

Provide services as prescribed in this Contract and A.R.S.  4-203.01  (1) and A.R.S.  36-2021  through A.R.S.
 36-2031  for substance use services in Pima County including crisis, detoxification services, and outpatient services utilizing the Liquor Fees funding listed in the allocation schedule.    

The Contractor in the Northern GSA shall:        

Utilize the Coconino County funding listed in the allocation schedule for court ordered evaluations (COE).    
 Substance Abuse Block Grant (SABG)      

The following services must be made available to SABG special populations:        

Behavioral health providers must provide specialized, gender-specific treatment and recovery support services for females who are pregnant or have dependent children and their families in outpatient/residential
treatment settings.        

Services are also provided to mothers who are attempting to regain custody of their children.        

Services must treat the family as a unit.        

As needed, providers must admit both mothers and their dependent children into treatment.        

The following services are provided or arranged as needed:        

Referral for primary medical care for pregnant females;        

Referral for primary pediatric care for children;        

Gender-specific substance abuse treatment; and        

Therapeutic interventions for dependent children.        

The Contractor must ensure the following issues do not pose barriers to access to obtaining substance use treatment:        

Child care;        

Case management; and        

Transportation    
      31  

SCOPE OF WORK   

The Contractor must publicize the availability of gender-based substance use treatment services for females who are pregnant or have dependent children. Publicizing must include at a minimum the posting of fliers at
each site notifying the right of pregnant females and females with dependent children to receive substance abuse treatment services at no cost.        

The Contractor must develop and make available to providers specific language with regards to providing the specialty program services for women and children.    

Interim Services for Pregnant Women/Injection Drug Users  (Non-Title  XIX/XXI only).        

The purpose of interim services is to reduce the adverse health effects of substance use, promote the health of the individual, and reduce the risk of transmission of disease for priority population members awaiting
placement in a Residential Treatment Facility.        

Provision of interim services must be documented in the member s chart as well as reported to AHCCCS through the online residential waitlist. Interim services are required for
 Non-Title  XIX/XXI priority populations who are maintained on an actively managed waitlist while awaiting placement in a Residential Treatment Facility.    

Title XIX/XXI eligible persons who also meet a priority population type may not be placed on a waitlist.    
 For pregnant females the reporting requirement is within 48 hours, for women with dependent children the requirement is within five calendar
days, and for all IVDUs the requirement is within 14 calendar days.    The minimum required interim services include education and referral
that cover:      

Prevention of and types of behaviors which increase the risk of contracting HIV, Hepatitis C and other sexually transmitted diseases;    

Effects of substance use on fetal development;        

Risk assessment/screening;        

Referrals for HIV, Hepatitis C, and tuberculosis screening and services; and        

Referrals for primary and prenatal medical care.      Mental Health Services Block Grant (MHBG)  
 The MHBG provides  non-Title  XIX/XXI behavioral health services to adults with SMI and children with
SED. MHBG funds are only to be used  
      32  

SCOPE OF WORK   

for allowable services identified in the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI members with SMI or SED or  Non-Title  XIX/XXI services for Title XIX/XXI members. Members shall not be charged a copayment, or any other fee, for treatment services funded by the MHBG.  

The MHBG must be used to:        

Ensure access to a comprehensive system of care, including employment, housing, case management, rehabilitation, dental, and health services, as well as mental health services and supports;    

Promote participation by consumer/survivors and their families in planning and implementing services and programs, as well as in evaluating State mental health systems;    

Ensure access for underserved populations, including people who are homeless, residents of rural areas, and older adults; and        

Promote recovery and community integration for adults with SMI and children with SED.        

The Contractor shall not be responsible to pay for the costs associated with Court Ordered Evaluation (COE) unless prior payment arrangements have been made with another entity (e.g. County, hospital, provider).

The Contractor and its providers must comply with state recognized tribal court orders for Title XIX/XXI and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI SMI persons. When tribal providers are also involved
in the care and treatment of court ordered tribal members, the Contractor and its providers must involve tribal providers to ensure the coordination and continuity of care of the members for the duration of court ordered treatment (COT) and when
members are transitioned to services on the reservation, as applicable. The Contractor is encouraged to enter into agreements with tribes to address behavioral health needs and improve the coordination of care for tribal members. See also, AMPM
Policy  320-U  and ACOM Policy 423.        

Domestic Violence (DV) Offender Treatment:      For
 Non-TXIX/XXI  eligible persons court ordered for DV treatment, the individual can be billed for the DV services. See also, ACOM Policy 423.  

4.4 
 Behavioral Health Service Delivery Approach        

4.5 
 Behavioral Health Services for Adult Members        
 
      33  

SCOPE OF WORK   
   
  The Contractor shall:  

Implement the following service delivery programs for members determined to have SMI consistent with U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration s
(SAMHSA) established program models:        

Assertive Community Treatment (ACT);        

Permanent Supportive Housing;        

Supported Employment; and        

Consumer Operated Services.      Monitor fidelity to the service delivery programs annually using
the AHCCCS adopted measurement instrument, for example, the SAMHSA Fidelity Scale and General Organizational Index.      

4.6 
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members        

4.7 
 Physical Health Care Covered Services        

Exempt        

4.8 
 Integrated Health Care Service Delivery for SMI Members        

Exempt        

4.9 
 Health Education and Health Promotion Services        

4.10 
 American Indian Member Services        

Members with SMI (whether funded through State Funds or MHBG): Refer to Title XIX Contract YH17-0001: and        

Members receiving services through SABG: SABG funding should be directed to service delivery. The Contractor should utilize other fund sources to provide medications. Medication Assisted Treatments (MAT) identified by
AHCCCS as SABG-covered medications are excluded from this restriction.        

4.13 
 Medication Management Services        

Exempt    
      34  

SCOPE OF WORK   

4.16 
 Crisis Services-General Requirements        

4.17 
 Crisis Services-Telephone Response        

4.18 
 Crisis Services-Mobile Crisis Teams        

4.19 
 Crisis Services-Crisis Stabilization Settings        

4.20 
 Pediatric Immunizations and the Vaccines for Children Program        

Exempt        

4.21 
 Medicaid School Based Claiming Program (MSBC)        

Exempt        

4.23 
 Special Assistance for SMI Members        

4.24 
 Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Employment        

4.25 
 Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Peer Support        

4.26 
 Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services- Housing        
      35  

The Contractor shall:      

Develop and maintain a housing continuum for members determined to have SMI as well as all other eligible members in conformance with ACOM Policy 448.    

Collaborate with community stakeholders, state agency partners, federal agencies and other entities to identify, apply for or leverage alternative funding sources for housing programs.    

Develop and manage state and federal housing programs and deliver housing related services.        

Utilize all housing units previously purchased in the GSA for purposes of providing housing for SMI members.        

Evaluate and report annually the fidelity of the Housing program through utilizing SAMHSA s Permanent Supportive Housing toolkit.    

Comply with all federally funded and state funded housing requirements as directed by AHCCCS.        

Submit the deliverables related to the Housing Program in accordance with  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables, including an Annual Housing Needs Assessment as described in ACOM Policy 448.

The Contractor shall not utilize state funding sources in any capacity at unlicensed boarding homes, or other similar unlicensed facilities.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

Administer a prevention system;        

Collect progress reports from subcontracted providers, including HIV Early Intervention Services Providers;        

Conduct biannual site visits to HIV Early Intervention Service providers where the AHCCCS HIV Coordinator, Contractor HIV Coordinator, and provider staff and supervisors are present;    

Administer a minimum of 1 test per $600 in SABG HIV services funding; and        

Submit deliverables related to Prevention Services in accordance with  Exhibit-9  Deliverables.    

5  
  CARE COORDINATION AND COLLABORATION         

36  

SCOPE OF WORK   

5.2 
 Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members        

5.3 
 Coordination with AHCCCS Contractors and Primary Care Providers        

5.4 
 Collaboration with System Stakeholders        
   The Contractor shall meet, agree upon, and reduce
to writing collaborative protocols with each County, District, or Regional Office of the Arizona Department of Economic Security/Rehabilitative Services Administration.      

5.5 
 Collaboration to Improve Health Care Service Delivery        

5.6 
 Collaboration with Peers and Family Members        

5.7 
 Collaboration with Tribal Nations        

5.8 
 Coordination for Transitioning Members        

6  
  PROVIDER NETWORK         

6.1 
 Network Development        

6.2 
 Network Development for Integrated Health Care Service Delivery        

Exempt        

Refer to Title XIX Contract YH17-0001 and ACOM Policy 415 and submit deliverables related to Prevention Services reporting in accordance with  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.

6.4 
 Out of Network Providers        
 
      37  

SCOPE OF WORK   

6.5 
 Material Change to Provider Network        
   The Contractor shall  

Offer a full array of service providers to meet the needs of the actual and anticipated number of persons eligible to receive services under this Contract;    

Notify AHCCCS within seven business days of notifying provider or receiving notification from a provider receiving AHCCCS-administered grant funding will be terminating their contract with the Contractor.

Submit deliverables related to Provider Network change reporting in accordance with  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.    

6.6 
 Provider Affiliation Transmission        

7  
  PROVIDER REQUIREMENTS         

7.1 
 Provider General Requirements        

7.2 
 Provider Registration Requirements        
   The Contractor shall require that all entities
receiving SABG or MHBG funds to obtain and maintain an Inventory of Behavioral Health Services  (I-BHS)  number through SAMHSA.      

7.3 
 Provider Manual Policy Requirements        

7.4 
 Provider Manual Policy Network Requirements        

7.5 
 Specialty Service Providers        

Exempt        

7.6 
 Primary Care Provider Standards        

Exempt        

7.7 
 Maternity Care Provider Standards        

Exempt        

7.8 
 Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics        

Exempt    
      38  

SCOPE OF WORK   

8  
  MEDICAL MANAGEMENT         

8.1 
 General Requirements        

8.2 
 Utilization Data Analysis and Data Management        

8.3 
 Prior Authorization and Referral Management        

8.7 
 Inter-rater Reliability        

8.8 
 Retrospective Review        

8.9 
 Development and/or Adoption of Practice Guidelines        

8.10 
 New Medical Technologies and New Uses of Existing Technologies        

8.11 
 Continuity and Care Coordination        

39  

SCOPE OF WORK   

8.14 
 Care Management Program-General Requirements        

8.16 
  Pre-Admission  Screening and Resident Review (PASRR) Requirements        

8.17 
 Engaging Members through Technology        

8.18 
 Medical Management Reporting Requirements        

8.19 
 Additional Authorization Requirements        
   The Contractor shall comply with member notice
requirements as outlined in ACOM Policy 444.      

9  
  APPOINTMENT AND REFERRAL REQUIREMENTS         

9.1 
 Appointments for Behavioral Health Services        
   For all populations covered under this Contract,
the Contractor shall provide appointments to members as follows:      

Emergency appointments within 24 hours of referral, including, at a minimum, the requirement to respond to hospital referrals for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI members with SMI;

Accept and respond to emergency referrals of  Non-Title  XIX/XXI members with SMI 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Emergency referrals do not require prior authorization.
Emergency referrals include those initiated for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI with SMI members admitted to a hospital or treated in the emergency room.    
      40  

SCOPE OF WORK   
   
    Response Times for Designated Behavioral Health Services under the SABG Block Grant  :  

WHEN  
    
   WHAT  
    
   WHO   

Behavioral health services provided within a timeframe indicated by clinical need, but no later than 48 hours from the referral/initial request for services. 
    
   Any needed covered behavioral health service, including admission to a residential program if clinically indicated; 
     If a residential program is temporarily unavailable, an attempt shall be made to place the
person within another provider agency facility, including those in other geographic service areas. If capacity still does not exist, the person shall be placed on an actively managed residential wait list and interim services must be provided
until the individual is admitted. Interim services include: counseling/education about HIV and Tuberculosis (include the risks of transmission), the risks of needle sharing and referral for HIV and TB treatment services if necessary, counseling
on the effects of alcohol/drug use on the fetus and referral for prenatal care.  
    
 Pregnant women/teenagers referred for substance use treatment (includes pregnant injection drug users and pregnant substance users) and Substance-using females with dependent children, including those attempting to regain custody of
their child(ren)  

Behavioral health services provided within a timeframe indicated by clinical need but no later than 14 days following the initial request for
services/referral.       All subsequent behavioral health services must be provided within
timeframes according to the needs of the person.      
    
   Includes any needed covered behavioral health services;     
 Admit to a clinically appropriate substance use treatment program (can be residential or outpatient based on the person s clinical needs); if unavailable,
interim services must be offered to the person. Interim services shall minimally include education/interventions with regard to HIV and tuberculosis and the risks of needle sharing and must be offered within 48 hours of the request for
treatment.  
    
 All other injection drug users  

Behavioral health services provided within a timeframe indicated by clinical need but no later than 23 days following the initial
assessment.       All subsequent behavioral health services must be provided within
timeframes according to the needs of the person.  
    
 Includes any needed covered behavioral health services. 
    
 All other persons in need of substance use treatment  

9.2 
 Additional Appointment Requirements for SMI Members        

9.3 
 Referral Requirements        

Accept and respond to emergency referrals of and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI members with SMI 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Emergency referrals do not require prior authorization.
Emergency referrals include those initiated for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI with SMI members admitted to a hospital or treated in the emergency room.    
      41  

SCOPE OF WORK   

9.4 
 Disposition of Referrals        

9.6 
 Referral for a Second Opinion        

9.7 
 Additional Referral Requirements for SMI Members        

The Contractor shall comply with requirements to
assure member rights and responsibilities in conformance with Contract YH17-0001, ACOM Policy 444, ACOM Policy 446, and AMPM Policy  320-Rand  the AHCCCS policy on Notice Requirements and Appeal Process for
Title XIX and Title XXI Eligible Persons and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, 42 CFR 438.100(a)(2); and comply with any other applicable federal and State laws (such as Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, etc.) including other laws regarding
privacy and confidentiality, 42 CFR 438.100(d).      

10.3 
 Incident, Accident and Death Reports        

10.4 
 Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations        

Exempt    
      42  

SCOPE OF WORK   

10.6 
 Performance Improvement Projects        

Exempt        

Exempt        

10.10 
 Quality Management Reporting Requirements        

Provide the Contractor s Member Handbook to each member as follows:        

For  Non-Title  XIX/XXI members within 12 business days of the member receiving the initial behavioral health covered service;    

The Contractor shall ensure all providers
receiving SABG funds have posters displayed in accordance with 45 CFR 96.131.      

43  

SCOPE OF WORK   

11.8 
 Social Networking Requirements        

11.10 
 Identification Cards for SMI Members Receiving Physical Health Care Services        

Exempt        

12  
  CULTURAL COMPETENCY         

13  
  GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS         
   For all populations eligible for services under this Contract, the
Contractor shall:      

Implement and administer a Grievance and Appeal System for members, subcontractors and providers which include processes for the following:    

Provision of required Notice to members;        

Member Grievance        

SMI Grievance;        

SMI Appeal;        

Claim Dispute; and        

Access to the state fair hearing system.        

Ensure a Grievance and Appeal System that complies with all applicable requirements in the federal and state laws and regulations, AHCCCS  Contractor Operations Manual, AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, A.A.C. Title 9,
Chapter 21, Article 4, and the requirements under this Contract.    
      44  

SCOPE OF WORK   

Not delegate or subcontract the administration or performance of the Member Grievance, SMI Grievance, SMI Appeal, or Claim Dispute processes.    

Provide written notification of the Contractor s Grievance and Appeal System processes to all subcontractor and providers at the time of entering into a subcontract.    

Provide written notification with information about Contractor s Grievance and Appeal System to members in the Member Handbook in conformance with the Contract Section on, Member Handbooks.    

Provide written notification to members at least 30 days prior to the effective date of a change in a Grievance and Appeal System policy.    

Administer all Grievance and Appeal System processes competently, expeditiously, and equitably for all members, subcontractors, and providers to ensure that member grievances, appeals, SMI grievances and claim disputes
are effectively and efficiently adjudicated and/or resolved.        

Continuously review Grievance and Appeal System data to identify trends and opportunities for system improvement; take action to correct identified deficiencies; and otherwise implement modifications which improve
Grievance and Appeal System operations and efficiency.        

Comply with the provisions in the Contract Section on, Administrative Requirements, which shall include having all professional, paraprofessional, and clerical/administrative resources to represent the
Contractor s, subcontractor s and/or provider s interests for Grievance and Appeal System cases that rise to the level of an administrative or judicial hearing or proceeding, except for a claim dispute.    

In the event of a claim dispute, the Contractor and the claimant are responsible to provide the necessary professional, paraprofessional and administrative resources to represent each of its respective interest. Absent
written agreement to the contrary, the Contractor shall be responsible for payment of attorney fees and costs awarded to a claimant in any administrative or judicial proceeding.    

Provide AHCCCS with any Grievance and Appeal System information, report or document within the time specified within AHCCCS  request.    

Fully cooperate with AHCCCS in the event AHCCCS decides to intervene in, participate in or review any Notice, Member Grievance, SMI Grievance, SMI Appeal, or Claim Dispute or any other Grievance and Appeal System
process or proceeding. Contractor shall comply with or implement any AHCCCS directive within the time specified pending formal resolution of the issue.    
      45  

SCOPE OF WORK   

Consider the best clinical interests of the member when addressing provider or member Grievance and Appeal System-related concerns. When such concerns are communicated to designated staff, communicate the concern, at a
minimum and when appropriate, to Contractor s senior management team, AHCCCS leadership, government officials, legislators, or the media.        

Conduct a review and take any clinical interventions, revisions to service planning or referrals to Contractor s Care Management Program as indicated when the data shows that a particular member is an outlier by
filing repetitive grievances and/or appeals. See also, AMPM Policy  320-O.         

Regularly review Grievance and Appeal System data to identify members that utilize Grievance and Appeal System processes at a significantly higher rate than others.    

Submit quarterly reports to AHCCCS, in a prior-approved format, of SMI grievances, SMI Appeals,  non-TXIX/TXXI  member grievances/complaints, and
 non-TXIX/TXXI  provider claim disputes as specified in  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.        

Designate a qualified individual staff person to collaborate with AHCCCS to address provider or member Grievance and Appeal System-related concerns consistent with the requirements of this Contract.    

Require the designated individual staff person to perform the following activities:        

Collect necessary information;        

Consult with the treatment team, Contractor s CMO or a Care Manager for clinical recommendations when applicable;        

Develop communication strategies in accordance with confidentiality laws; and        

Develop a written plan to address and resolve the situation to be approved by AHCCCS when applicable, prior to implementation.        
   The Contractor shall:  

Develop and maintain a dedicated department to acknowledge, investigate, and resolve member grievances. The distinct department should be accessible to members, providers and other stakeholders via a designated phone
number that can be accessed directly or by a telephone prompt on the contractor s messaging system.        

Respond to and resolve member grievances in a courteous, responsive, effective, and timely manner.    
      46  

SCOPE OF WORK   

Actively engage and become involved in resolving member grievances in a manner that holds subcontractors and providers accountable for their actions that precipitated or caused the complaint.    

Not engage in conduct to prohibit, discourage or interfere with a member s or a provider s right to assert a member grievance, appeal, SMI grievance, claim dispute or use any Grievance and Appeal System
process.        

Submit response to the resolution of member grievances as directed by AHCCCS.        

Efforts to resolve member grievances through the member grievance process do not preclude access to applicable appeal and SMI grievance processes.    

The Contractor shall:  

Provide subcontractors with the Contractor s Claim Dispute Policy at the time of entering into a subcontract. The Contractor shall provide  non-contracted  providers with the
Contractor s Claim Dispute Policy with a remittance advice. The Contractor shall send the remittance advice and policy within 45 days of receipt of a claim.        

13.5 
 Grievance and Appeal System Reporting Requirements      The Contractor shall submit all
deliverables related to the Grievance and Appeal System in accordance with  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.      
   The Contractor shall:  

Develop and maintain an SMI Grievance process as delineated in A.A.C. Title 9, Chapter 21, Article 4 that supports the protection of the rights of SMI members and has mechanisms to correct identified deficiencies on
both an individual and systemic level.        

Require SMI Grievance investigators to be certified by Council on Licensure, Enforcement and Regulation (CLEAR) or by an equivalent certification program approved by AHCCCS.    

47  

SCOPE OF WORK   

The Contractor shall:        

Implement all SMI appeal processes as delineated in A.A.C. Title 9, Chapter 21, Article 4, in a manner that offers appellants an opportunity to present an appeal in person at a convenient time and location for the
member, and provide the privacy required by law.        

Require all staff facilitating  in-person  SMI appeal conferences to have training in mediation, conflict resolution or problem solving techniques.    

14  
  CORPORATE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM         

15  
  FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT         

The Contractor shall provide an annual Single Audit Report prepared in accordance with 2 CFR Part 200 Subpart F (whether for profit or  non-profit)  and an approved cost allocation
plan. Notwithstanding the 2 CFR Part 200 Subpart F regulations, the Contractor shall include the SABG and MHBG as major programs for the purpose of this Contract. Additional agreed upon procedures and attestations may be required of the
Contractor s auditor as determined by AHCCCS.    
      48  

SCOPE OF WORK   

15.4 
 Financial Viability/Performance Standards        

Total  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Administrative Expenses divided by total  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Revenue shall be less than or equal to 8%.

Total  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Service Expense divided by total  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Revenue shall be no less than 88.3%.    

Exempt and:        

AHCCCS does not reimburse the Contractor for any Health Insurer Fee payments on  non-Title  XIX/XXI revenue.    

Exempt and:        

Non-Title  XIX/XXI payments are not subject to premium tax. See ACOM Policy 304 for additional details.    

Exempt        

15.11 
 Financial Responsibility for Referrals and Coordination with Acute Health Plans and the Courts        

15.12 
 Advances, Equity Distributions, Loans, and Investments        

Exempt    
      49  

SCOPE OF WORK   

15.14 
 Medicare Services and Cost Sharing Requirements      For Medicare Part D the Contractor shall
utilize state funds to pay or reimburse Medicare Part D cost sharing for dual eligible members or  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Medicare eligible SMI members in accordance with ACOM Policy 201.  

15.16 
 Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements        

Grant funding is the payor of last resort for Title XIX/XXI covered services which have been exhausted and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI covered services, and for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI members for any services. Refer to the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors; and        

The Contractor shall reimburse AHCCCS immediately upon demand all funds not expended in accordance with the terms of this Contract as determined by AHCCCS or the Arizona Auditor General.    
      50  

SCOPE OF WORK   

AHCCCS Shall:  

Annually prepare the  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Allocation Schedule, which is subject to change during the fiscal year, to specify the  Non-Title 
XIX/XXI non-capitated funding sources by program including MHBG and SABG Federal Block Grant funds, State General Fund appropriations, county and other funds, which are used for services not covered by Title XIX/XXI funding and for populations not
otherwise covered by Title XIX/XXI funding.        

Make payments to Contractor according the  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Allocation Schedule which includes all administrative costs to the Contractor. Payments shall be made in 12 monthly
installments through the Contract year no later than the 10 th  business day of each month. AHCCCS retains the discretion to make payments using an alternative payment schedule.    

Make payments to Contractor that are conditioned upon the availability of funds authorized, appropriated and allocated to AHCCCS for expenditure in the manner and for the purposes set forth in this Contract.

Not be responsible for payment to Contractor for any purchases, expenditures or subcontracts made by the Contractor in anticipation of funding.    

The Contractor shall manage available funding in order to continuously provide services throughout the funding period.        

15.24 
  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Encounter Valuation for Grant, County,  Non-Title  XIX/XXI and Other Funds    
 The Contractor shall:      

Submit the volume of  Non-Title  XIX/XXI encounters so that the valuation level equals 85% of the total service revenue without inclusion of any crisis capacity credit.

Have the discretion to recoup the difference between a subcontractor s total value of encounters submitted to the Contractor and 85% of the subcontractor s total service revenue contract amount.
     AHCCCS shall:      

Monitor the value of submitted encounters on a quarterly basis.        

Have the discretion to calculate an encounter valuation penalty if the contractor does not meet the above volume requirement.        

51  

SCOPE OF WORK   
   
  AHCCCS shall:      

On a state fiscal year basis, not allow the Contractor to earn a profit from allocated funds for Supported Housing, Crisis and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI SMI. There is no maximum loss for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI funded programs.        

Establish a profit limit on the Contractor s potential profits from the SABG, MHBG, County, and  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Other funds.    

AHCCCS shall be under no obligation to assist,
facilitate, or help the Contractor secure the mortgage or financing if a Contractor intends to obtain a mortgage or financing for the purchase of real property or construction of buildings on real property.  

15.27 
 Management of Federal Block Grant Funds and other Federal Grants      The Contractor shall be
authorized to expend:      

Substance Abuse Block Grant funds (SABG) for planning, implementing, and evaluating activities to prevent and treat substance use and related activities addressing HIV and tuberculosis services;    

Mental Health Block Grant funds (MHBG) for services for adults with Serious Mental Illness (SMI) and children with serious emotional disturbance (SED), Evidence Based Practices for First Episode Psychosis; and

Other federal grant funding as allocated by AHCCCS as directed for purposes set forth in the federal grant requirements.    
 The Contractor shall:      

Manage, record, and report Federal Grant funds in accordance with the practices, procedures, and standards in the State of Arizona Accounting Manual (SAAM), 2 CFR Part 200, and federal grant requirements.

Report financial information related to Federal Grants in conformance with the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    

Comply with all terms, conditions, and requirements of the SABG and MHBG Block Grants, including but not limited to:        

Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Patient Records (42 CFR Part 2);        

52  

SCOPE OF WORK   

Public Health Service Act (includes Title V and Title XIX).        

Develop and maintain fiscal controls in accordance with authorized activities of the Federal Block Grants and other Federal Grant funds, this Contract, and AMPM Policy  320-T,  the
MHBG and SABG FAQs on the AHCCCS website, State of Arizona Accounting Manual (SAAM), and 2 CFR Part 200.        

Report MHBG and SABG grant funds and services separately and provide information related to block grant expenditures to AHCCCS upon request.    

Submit Contractor and provider level expenditure data to AHCCCS consistent with the annual funding levels in the AHCCCS Allocation Schedule for certain allocations of the SABG including substance use treatment services,
crisis services, primary prevention services, specialty programs and services for pregnant women and women with dependent children and HIV Early Intervention Services and the MHBG including SED and SMI services and Evidenced Based Practices (EBP)
for First Episode Psychosis.        

Manage the Federal Block Grant funds during each fiscal year to make funds available for obligation and expenditure until the end of the fiscal year for which the funds were paid. When making transfers involving Federal
Block Grant funds, the Contractor shall comply with the requirements in accordance with the Federal Block Grant Funds Transfers Cash Management Improvement Act of 1990 and any rules or regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury
including, 31 CFR Part 205 and the State of Arizona Accounting Manual (SAAM).        

Not discriminate against  non-governmental  organizations on the basis of religion in the distribution of Block Grant funds.    

Not   expend Federal Block Grant funds for any of the following prohibited activities:        

Inpatient hospital services;        

Acute Care or physical health care services including payment of copays;        

Make cash payments to intended recipients of health services;    
      53  

SCOPE OF WORK   

Purchase or improve land; purchase, construct, or permanently improve any building or facility except for minor remodeling with written approval from AHCCCS;    

Purchase major medical equipment;        

To satisfy any requirement for the expenditure of  non-federal  funds as a condition for the receipt of federal funds;    

Provide financial assistance to any entity other than a public or  non-profit  private entity;    

Provide individuals with hypodermic needles or syringes for illegal drug use, unless the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service determines that a demonstration needle exchange program would be effective in
reducing drug use and the risk that the public will become infected with the etiologic agent for AIDS;        

Pay the salary of an individual through a grant or other extramural mechanism at a rate in excess of Level I of the Executive Salary Schedule for the award year; see  http://grants.nih.gov/grants/policy/salcap
summary.htm ;        

Purchase treatment services in penal or correctional institutions in the State of Arizona;        

Flex funds purchases;        

Comply with prevention funds management; and        

Comply with all terms, conditions, and requirements for any Federal Grant funding as outlined in AHCCCS allocation schedule and letters.    

16  
  PROVIDER AGREEMENT REIMBURSEMENT         

16.1 
 Physician Incentive Requirements        

16.2 
 Nursing Facility Reimbursement        

Exempt        

17  
  INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND DATA EXCHANGE REQUIREMENTS         

54  

SCOPE OF WORK   

17.4 
 Enrollment and Capitation Transaction Updates        

17.6 
 General Claims Processing Requirements        

17.9 
 Participation in Information Systems Work Groups/Committees:      The Contractor should execute a
contract with AzHEC; including support in the execution of the provider participation agreements. The Contractor is responsible for making quarterly payments to AzHEC and providing proof to AHCCCS upon payment. Proof of payment shall be due as
specified in  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables. They should identify Contractor priority order of connectivity for providers and assist AzHEC in determining the schedule of provider connectivity. The Contractor
should participate in quarterly HIE meetings with AzHEC and AHCCCS.   Each RBHA has collaboratively participated in a process of selecting
the prioritized providers for connectivity during the next two years. Given many providers operate in multiple locations throughout the state and the information they contribute may benefit all contracted RBHAs, the expectation is that the
Contractor will each contribute their expected allocation to support project completion.    The Contractor is responsible for providing
AHCCCS the connectivity progress of the providers on a quarterly basis. Information reported should include the providers connectivity status (planning, underway, operational, etc.), barriers encountered that are delaying connections, and other
key indicators of progress for the project overall. Additional information reported should include the providers who have achieved operational status with any HIE status, including but not limited to unidirectional connectivity, bidirectional
connectivity, alerts and notifications, portal access, direct secure email, etc. The report should also include a projection of which providers and their respective services are expected to be completed within the next quarter. The report shall be
due as specified in  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.  
      55  

SCOPE OF WORK   
   
  The Contractor should provide proposed connectivity schedules and regular updates to
providers and facilitate AzHEC education with providers.      

17.10 
 Claims and Encounter Submission and Processing Requirements        

Submitted encounters for services delivered to  Non-Title  XIX/XXI enrolled persons must be submitted in the same manner and timeframes as described in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual.

18  
  ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS         

18.2 
 AHCCCS Guidelines, Policies and Manuals        

18.4 
 Peer Involvement and Participation        

The Contractor shall have the following Organizational Staff        

Housing Administrator:        

Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

Acts as the interagency liaison with Arizona Department of Housing (ADOH); and        

Manages and oversees housing programs, including grants, special housing planning initiatives, and development and expansion of housing availability for members.    
      56  

SCOPE OF WORK   

Other SABG Requirements:      The Contractor must designate:  

A lead substance use treatment coordinator who will be responsible for ensuring Contractor compliance with all SABG requirements;        

A women s treatment coordinator;        

An opioid treatment coordinator; and        

An HIV early intervention services coordinator.        

18.8 
 Training Program Requirements        

18.9 
 Training Reporting Requirements        

The Contractor and their providers must ensure the following within 90 days of the staff person s hire date, as relevant to each staff person s job duties and responsibilities and annually as applicable for
training requirements applicable to Community Service Agencies. In addition, training requirements include behavioral health recipient benefit options such as: Medicare Modernization Act (MMA), Department of Economic Security/Rehabilitation Services
Administration (DES/RSA), and SABG.        

57  

SCOPE OF WORK   

The Contractor shall comply with the following:

Application for Housing Development Under the AZ Dept. of Health Services, or its successor;        

ADHS/DBHS T/RBHA Housing Project Proposal Outline Form (page 358), or its successor;        

ISA between AHCCCS and ADOH ISA for Housing Technical Assistance;        

ISA between AHCCCS and ADOH for State Housing Trust Fund;        

ISA between AHCCCS and ADOH for Administration of Housing Funds;        

Pima County IGA;        

Coconino County IGA;        

ISA between AHCCCS and  ADES-RSA;         

Substance Abuse Informational Materials;        

SABG/MHBG Joint Block Grant Planning Application;        

SABG/MHBG Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs);        

SYNAR Report        

As policies, guides, and other documents are transitioned to AHCCCS, publishing of AHCCCS final integrated policies and other guidance documents may be delayed. In the interim, should the Contractor require
clarification regarding contract provisions and associated policies, guides or manuals incorporated by reference, the Contractor may contact AHCCCS, DHCM for further instruction. To the extent there is a DBHS policy which provides directive and it
does not conflict with existing contract provisions, the Contractor should consult those documents until such time that AHCCCS provides updates. DBHS Policies, Guides and Manuals are available on the AHCCCS website for reference.    

For individuals who are  Non-Title  XIX/XXI eligible persons who are determined to have a Serious Mental Illness, AHCCCS has established a copayment to be charged to these members for covered services (A.R.S.
 36-3409).  The Contractor is required to comply with the following:      

Copayment requirements are not applicable to services funded by the Substance Abuse Block Grant (SABG) or Mental Health Block Grant (MHBG).    

Copayments are not assessed for crisis services or collected at the time crisis services are provided.        

Persons determined to have SMI must be informed prior to the provision of services of any fees associated with the services
  (R9-21-202(A)(8)),   and providers must document such notification to the person in his/her comprehensive clinical record.    

Copayments assessed for  Non-Title  XIX/XXI persons determined to have SMI are intended to be payments by the member for all covered behavioral health services, but copayments are
only collected at the time of the psychiatric assessment and psychiatric follow up appointments.    
      58  

SCOPE OF WORK   

Copayments are:        

A fixed dollar amount of $3;        

Applied to in network services; and        

Collected at the time services are rendered.        

The Contractor must establish methods to encourage a collaborative approach to resolve  non-payment  issues, which may include the following:    

Engage in informal discussions and avoid confrontational situations;        

Re-screen  the person for AHCCCS eligibility; and        

Present other payment options, such as payment plans or payment deferrals, and discuss additional payment options as requested by the person.    

Individuals receiving services through SABG, MHBG, and discretionary grants are not assessed copays. See also, AMPM Policy  320-T.     

18.22 
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture and Change in Ownership        

18.23 
 Separate Incorporation and Prohibition Against Direct Service Delivery        
 
      59  

SCOPE OF WORK   

19  
  MONITORING AND OPERATIONAL REVIEWS (OR)         

19.5 
 Monitoring and Independent Review of the Contractor        

20  
  SUBCONTRACTING REQUIREMENTS         

20.1 
 Subcontract Relationships and Delegation        

Prevention Subcontracts        

For prevention service delivery subcontracts, the Contractor shall:        

Require the subcontractor to comply with the Strategic Prevention Framework (SPF) Model.        

Require the subcontractor to specify the work to be performed; type, duration and scope of the prevention strategy to be delivered; and approximate number of participants to be served.    

Require the subcontractor to describe the evaluation methods to monitor performance and with the specific reporting requirements.        

Require the subcontractor to comply with SABG requirements.        

Not incorporate prevention requirements into subcontracts for other covered services.    
      60  

SCOPE OF WORK   

20.2 
 Hospital Subcontracts and Reimbursement        

Exempt        

20.3 
 Management Services Agreements        

20.5 
 AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions        

20.6 
 Subcontracting Reporting Requirements        
 
      61  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS       Exhibit-1,  Definitions       

Mental Health Block Grant (MHBG) 
    
 An annual formula grant that provides federal grant funds from The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) created pursuant to Division B, Title XXXII, and Section 3204 of the Children s Health
Act of 2000. It supports  Non-Title  XIX/XXI services for children with a serious emotional disturbance (SED), adults determined to have a SMI, and evidence-based practices for first episode psychosis.  

Non-Title  XIX/XXI Funding 
    
 Fixed,  non-capitated  funds, including but not limited to funds from MHBG, SABG, County, other funds and State appropriations (excluding state appropriations for state match to support Title
XIX and Title XXI programs), which are used to fund services to  Non-Title  XIX/XXI eligible persons and for medically necessary services not covered by Title XIX or Title XXI programs.  

Non-Title  XIX/XXI Member or 
  Non-Title  XIX/XXI Person  
    
 An individual who needs or may be at risk of needing covered health-related services, but does not meet federal and State requirements for Title XIX or Title XXI eligibility.  

Non-Title  XIX/XXI SED Member 
    
 A  Non-Title  XIX/XXI member who has met the criteria to be designated with Serious Emotional Disturbance (SED).  

Non-Title  XIX/XXI SMI Member 
    
 A  Non-Title  XIX/XXI member who has met the criteria to be designated as Seriously Mentally Ill.  

Substance Abuse Block Grant (SABG) 
    
 An annual formula grant that provides federal grant funds from The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) that supports primary prevention services and treatment services for persons with substance use
disorders. It is used to plan, implement   

      62  

EXHIBIT-1    
  DEFINITIONS       

and evaluate activities to prevent and treat substance use. Grant funds are also used to provide early intervention services for HIV and tuberculosis disease in high-risk substance users.  

63  

EXHIBITS       
    Exhibit-2,  Reserved   
   
     Exhibit-3,  Medicare
Requirement to Coordinate Care for Dual Eligible SMI Members       
     Exhibit-4,  Placeholder
      
     Exhibit-5,  Reserved   
   
     Exhibit-6,  Adult Service
Delivery System-Nine Guiding Principles       
     Exhibit-7,  Reserved   
   
     Exhibit-8,  Reserved   

64  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES       
    Exhibit-9,  Deliverables   
   
   All deliverables which are noted to be submitted via  SharePoint
are to be submitted to the SharePoint Contract Compliance Site at:    http://bhs-compliance.azahcccs.gov  . Should AHCCCS modify the submission process for deliverables, AHCCCS shall provide a letter of
instruction to the Contractor outlining changes to the deliverable submission process.      

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH GRIEVANCE AND APPEALS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Serious Mental Illness (SMI) Grievance, Appeal Member Grievances/Complaints and Provider Claims Dispute Report 
   
 30 days after quarter end 
   
 Grievance and Appeal System Requirements 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 444  
   
 Office Chief, BH Grievance and Appeals 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Notification of Unexpended Funds 
   
 April 15 th  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 N/A 
   
 Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 SABG/MHBG Provider Expenditure Report 
   
 October 15 th  and upon AHCCCS request 
   
 Finance 
   
 N/A 
   
 Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Proof of AzHEC Quarterly HIE Connectivity payment 
   
 10 days after payment 
   
   Participation in Information 
 Systems Work Groups/Committees  
   
 N/A 
   
 Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint   
      65  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Provider HIE Connectivity Quarterly Report 
   
 30 days after quarter end 
   
   Participation in Information 
 Systems Work Groups/Committees  
   
 N/A 
   
 Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Community Development Corporation or  Non-Profit  Entity Contract Services Management Plan 
   
 Upon Request 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Housing Related Support Services Plan 
   
 Upon Request 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Initial Housing Plan 
   
 60 days prior to Contract start date and upon AHCCCS request 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Internal Property Acquisition Maintenance and Inspection Plan 
   
 Upon Request 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Material Change to Provider Network (Grants) 
   
 Within 7 days of notification 
   
 System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint   
      66  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Real Property Transaction Notice 
   
 Within 15 days Transaction 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Comprehensive Regional Prevention Needs Assessment 
   
 April 15 th  
   
 Prevention 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Regional SABG Treatment Needs Assessment 
   
 April 15 th  
   
 System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Housing Needs Assessment 
   
 April 15 th  
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Housing Spending Plan 
   
 No later than 30 days from notification by AHCCCS that State funds have been allocated for housing development 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Prevention Program Description and Prevention Planned Allocation of Funds 
   
 July 1 st  
   
 Prevention 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 SABG/MHBG Block Grant Goal Reporting 
   
 November 1 st  
   
 System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint   
      67  

EXHIBIT-9    
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Timeframe   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Send To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 SABG Primary Prevention Report 
   
 October 15 th  
   
 Prevention 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 SABG Provider Directory 
   
 February 1 st  
   
 System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Housing Subsidy Program for Bridge Subsidy Program Tenants 
   
 15 th  day of the following month 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 HIV Activity Report 
   
 30 days after end of quarter 
   
 Prevention 
   
 N/A 
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Housing Inventory 
   
 15 days after quarter end 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 RBHA Supervisory Care Home Quarterly Census Report 
   
 30 days after quarter end 
   
 Housing 
   
   ACOM 
 Policy 448  
   
 Housing Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 SABG Priority Population Wait List Report 
   
 30 days after end of quarter 
   
 System of Care 
   
 AMPM  320-T  
   
 System of Care/Grants Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  
 
      68  

EXHIBITS       
    Exhibit-10,  Greater Arizona Zip Codes   
   
     Exhibit-11,  Capitation Rates
and Contractor Specific Requirements       

Capitation Rates: Exempt        

Contractor Specific Requirements  : Refer to Title XIX Contract YH17-0001        Exhibit-12,  Placeholder       
     Exhibit-13,  Reserved
      
     Exhibit-14,  Enrollee
Grievance and Appeal System Standards       
 
   Exhibit-15,  Provider Claim Dispute Standards   
   
    Endnotes   

69  

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 9
 d275632dex1021.htm
 EX-10.21

EX-10.21 

Exhibit 10.21       

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM  
  AHCCCS Contract Number: YH17-0001-02  
  CONTRACT COVER PAGE   

6. 
 PURPOSE: The purpose of this amendment is to amend the Contract for the period October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017 and to amend Sections, Scope of Work, and Exhibits.    

7. 
 THE ABOVE REFERENCED CONTRACT IS HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS:      Contract Sections Amended:  

Scope of Work        

Exhibit-1, Definitions        

Exhibit-3, Medicare Requirement to Coordinate Care for Dual Eligible SMI Members        

Exhibit-9, Deliverables        

Exhibit-11, Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements        

Exhibit-14, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards      Therefore, this Contract is hereby
 REMOVED IN ITS ENTIRETY , including but not limited to all terms, conditions, requirements, and pricing and is amended, restated and  REPLACED  with the documents attached hereto as of the Effective Date of this Amendment.  
 Refer to the individual Contract sections for specific changes.      
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO SIGN THEIR NAMES IN
AGREEMENT       

9.      SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE:  
   
   10.    SIGNATURE OF AHCCCS CONTRACTING OFFICER:   

TYPED NAME: 
   
 TYPED NAME:  
 
  SHAWN NAU  
   
  MEGGAN HARLEY   

TITLE: 
   
 TITLE:  
 
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
   
  ACTING CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER   

DATE: 
   
 DATE:  
 
 10/11/16 
   
 8/8/2016  
 
      1  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA      TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.  
  ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION OF CONTRACT       The Contractor shall not advertise or publish
information for commercial benefit concerning this contract without the prior written approval of the Contracting Officer.      

2.  
  APPLICABLE LAW       Arizona Law - The law of Arizona applies to this contract including,
where applicable, the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted in the State of Arizona.    Implied Contract Terms - Each provision of law and any
terms required by law to be in this contract are a part of this contract as if fully stated in it.      

3.  
  ARBITRATION       The parties to this contract agree to resolve all disputes arising out of
or relating to this contract through arbitration, after exhausting applicable administrative review, to the extent required by A.R.S.  12-1518 except as may be required by other applicable statutes.  

4.  
  ASSIGNMENT AND DELEGATION       The Contractor shall not assign any rights nor delegate all
of the duties under this contract. Delegation of less than all of the duties of this contract must conform to the requirements of Scope of Work, Subcontracting Requirements.      

5.  
  ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACT AND BANKRUPTCY       This contract is voidable and subject to
immediate cancellation by AHCCCS upon the Contractor becoming insolvent or filing proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization under the United States Code, or assigning rights or obligations under this contract without the prior written consent of
AHCCCS.      

6.  
  AUDITS AND INSPECTIONS       The Contractor shall comply with all provisions specified in
applicable A.R.S.  35-214 and  35-215 and AHCCCS rules and policies and procedures relating to the audit of the Contractor s records and the inspection of the Contractor s facilities. The Contractor shall fully cooperate with
AHCCCS staff and allow them reasonable access to the Contractor s staff, subcontractors, members, and records [42 CFR 438.6(g)].    At
any time during the term of this contract, and five (5) years thereafter unless a longer time is otherwise required by law, the Contractor s or any subcontractor s books and records shall be subject to audit by AHCCCS and, where
applicable, the Federal government, to the extent that the books and records relate to the performance of the contract or subcontracts [42 CFR 438.242(b)(3)].  
 AHCCCS, or its duly authorized agents, and the Federal government may evaluate through on-site inspection or other means, the quality,
appropriateness and timeliness of services performed under this contract.  
      2  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.  
  AUTHORITY       This contract is issued under the authority of the Contracting Officer who
signed this contract. Changes to the contract, including the addition of work or materials, the revision of payment terms, or the substitution of work or materials, directed by an unauthorized state employee or made unilaterally by the Contractor
are violations of the contract and of applicable law. Such changes, including unauthorized written contract amendments, shall be void and without effect, and the Contractor shall not be entitled to any claim under this contract based on those
changes.      
   AHCCCS may at any time, by written notice to the Contractor, make changes
within the general scope of this contract. If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, performance of any part of the work under this contract, the Contractor may assert its right to an adjustment in
compensation paid under this contract. The Contractor must assert its right to such adjustment within 30 days from the date of receipt of the change notice. Any dispute or disagreement caused by such notice shall constitute a dispute within the
meaning of Section, Contract Terms and Conditions, Disputes, and be administered accordingly.    Contract amendments are subject to approval
by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), and approval is withheld until all amendments are signed by the Contractor. When AHCCCS issues an Amendment to modify the Contract, the Contractor shall ensure contract amendments are signed
and submitted to AHCCCS by the date specified by AHCCCS. The provisions of such amendment will be deemed to have been accepted on the day following the date AHCCCS requires an executed amendment, even if the amendment has not been signed by the
Contractor, unless within that time the Contractor notifies AHCCCS in writing that it refuses to sign the amendment. If the Contractor provides such notification, AHCCCS will initiate termination proceedings.  

9.  
  CHOICE OF FORUM       The parties agree that jurisdiction over any action arising out of or
relating to this contract shall be brought or filed in a court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of Arizona.      

10.  
  COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS       The Contractor shall comply with
all applicable Federal and State laws and regulations including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (regarding education programs and activities); the Age Discrimination Act of 1975; the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (regarding education programs and activities), and the Americans with Disabilities Act; EEO provisions; Copeland Anti-Kickback Act; Davis-Bacon Act; Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards; Rights to Inventions Made Under
a Contract or Agreement; Clean Air Act and Federal Water Pollution Control Act; Byrd Anti-Lobbying Amendment. The Contractor shall maintain all applicable licenses and permits.  

11.  
  CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION       The Contractor shall
safeguard confidential information in accordance with Federal and State laws and regulations, including but not limited to, 42 CFR 431, Subpart F, A.R.S.  36-107,  36-2903 (for Acute),  36-2932 (for ALTCS),  41-1959 and
 46-135, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (Public Law 107-191 Statutes 1936), 45 CFR parts 160 and 164, and AHCCCS Rules.  
      3  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The Contractor shall establish and maintain procedures and controls that are acceptable to
AHCCCS for the purpose of assuring that no information contained in its records or obtained from AHCCCS or others carrying out its functions under the contract shall be used or disclosed by its agents, officers or employees, except as required to
efficiently perform duties under the contract. Except as required or permitted by law, the Contractor also agrees that any information pertaining to individual persons shall not be divulged other than to employees or officers of the Contractor as
needed for the performance of duties under the contract, unless otherwise agreed to, in writing, by AHCCCS.    The Contractor shall not,
without prior written approval from AHCCCS, either during or after the performance of the services required by this contract, use, other than for such performance, or disclose to any person other than AHCCCS personnel with a need to know, any
information, data, material, or exhibits created, developed, produced, or otherwise obtained during the course of the work required by this contract. This nondisclosure requirement shall also pertain to any information contained in reports,
documents, or other records furnished to the Contractor by AHCCCS.      

12.  
  CONFLICT OF INTEREST       The Contractor shall not undertake any work that represents a
potential conflict of interest, or which is not in the best interest of AHCCCS or the State without prior written approval by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall fully and completely disclose any situation that may present a conflict of interest. If the
Contractor is now performing or elects to perform during the term of this contract any services for any AHCCCS health plan, provider or Contractor or an entity owning or controlling same, the Contractor shall disclose this relationship prior to
accepting any assignment involving such party.      

13.  
  CONTINUATION OF PERFORMANCE THROUGH TERMINATION       The Contractor shall continue to
perform, in accordance with the requirements of the contract, up to the date of termination and as directed in the termination notice.      
   The Contract between AHCCCS and the Contractor shall include: 1) the Request
for Proposal (RFP) including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference as part of the RFP, 2) the proposal submitted by the Contractor in response to the RFP including any Best and Final Offers, and 3) any Contract amendments. In the
event of a conflict in language between the proposal (including any Best and Final Offers) and the RFP (including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference), the provisions and requirements set forth and/or referenced in the RFP
(including AHCCCS policies and procedures incorporated by reference) shall govern.    The Contract shall be construed according to the laws
of the State of Arizona. The State of Arizona is not obligated for the expenditures under the contract until funds have been encumbered.      

15.  
  CONTRACT INTERPRETATION AND AMENDMENT        No Parole Evidence  - This contract is
intended by the parties as a final and complete expression of their agreement. No course of prior dealings between the parties and no usage of the trade shall supplement or explain any term used in this contract.  
      4  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
   No Waiver  - Either party s failure to insist on strict performance of any term or
condition of the contract shall not be deemed a waiver of that term or condition even if the party accepting or acquiescing in the non-conforming performance knows of the nature of the performance and fails to object to it.  
  Written Contract Amendments  - The contract shall be modified only through a written contract amendment within the scope of the contract
signed by the procurement officer on behalf of the State and signed by a duly authorized representative of the Contractor.      

16.  
  COOPERATION WITH OTHER CONTRACTORS       AHCCCS may award other contracts for additional work
related to this contract and Contractor shall fully cooperate with such other contractors and AHCCCS employees or designated agents. The Contractor shall not commit or permit any act which will interfere with the performance of work by any other
Contractor or by AHCCCS employees.      

17.  
  COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES       The Contractor warrants that no person or agency has
been employed or retained to solicit or secure this contract upon an agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage or contingent fee. For violation of this warranty, AHCCCS shall have the right to annul this contract without
liability.      
   The Contractor shall certify that financial and encounter data
submitted to AHCCCS is complete, accurate and truthful. Certification of financial and encounter data must be submitted concurrently with the data. Certification may be provided by the Contractor CEO, CFO or an individual who is delegated authority
to sign for, and who reports directly to the CEO or CFO [42 CFR 438.604 et seq.].      
   Contract claims and disputes shall be adjudicated in accordance with State
Law, AHCCCS Rules and this contract.    Except as provided by 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6, the exclusive manner for the Contractor to
assert any dispute against AHCCCS shall be in accordance with the process outlined in 9 A.A.C. Chapter 34 and A.R.S.  36-2932. All disputes except as provided under 9 A.A.C. Chapter 22, Article 6 shall be filed in writing and be received by
AHCCCS no later than 60 days from the date of the disputed notice. All disputes shall state the factual and legal basis for the dispute. Pending the final resolution of any disputes involving this contract, the Contractor shall proceed with
performance of this contract in accordance with AHCCCS  instructions, unless AHCCCS specifically, in writing, requests termination or a temporary suspension of performance.  

20.  
  E-VERIFY REQUIREMENTS       In accordance with A.R.S  41-4401, the Contractor warrants
compliance with all Federal immigration laws and regulations relating to employees and warrants its compliance with Section A.R.S.  23-214, Subsection A.  
      5  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The effective date of this contract shall be the Offer and Acceptance
date referenced on page 1 of this contract.      

22.  
  ELIGIBILITY FOR STATE OR LOCAL PUBLIC BENEFITS; DOCUMENTATION AND VIOLATIONS       To the
extent permitted by Federal Law:    The Contractor shall comply with A.R.S  1-502. A.R.S  1-502 requires each person applying or
receiving a public benefit to provide documented proof which demonstrates a lawful presence in the United States.    The State shall reserve
the right to conduct unscheduled, periodic process and documentation audits to ensure Contractor compliance. All available Contract remedies, up to and including termination may be taken for failure to comply with A.R.S  1-502 in the delivery
of services under this Contract.      

23.  
  EMPLOYEES OF THE CONTRACTOR       All employees of the Contractor employed in the performance
of work under the Contract shall be considered employees of the Contractor at all times, and not employees of AHCCCS or the State. The Contractor shall comply with the Social Security Act, Workman s Compensation laws and Unemployment laws of
the State of Arizona and all State, local and Federal legislation relevant to the Contractor s business.      

24.  
  FEDERAL IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT       The Contractor shall comply with all Federal,
State and local immigration laws and regulations relating to the immigration status of their employees during the term of the contract. Further, the Contractor shall flow down this requirement to all subcontractors utilized during the term of the
contract. The State shall retain the right to perform random audits of Contractor and subcontractor records or to inspect papers of any employee thereof to ensure compliance. Should the State determine that the Contractor and/or any subcontractors
be found noncompliant, the State may pursue all remedies allowed by law, including, but not limited to; suspension of work, termination of the contract for default and suspension and/or debarment of the Contractor.  
   
   AHCCCS may, by written notice to the Contractor, immediately terminate this
contract if it determines that employment or a gratuity was offered or made by the Contractor or a representative of the Contractor to any officer or employee of the State for the purpose of influencing the outcome of the procurement or securing the
contract, an amendment to the contract, or favorable treatment concerning the contract, including the making of any determination or decision about contract performance. AHCCCS, in addition to any other rights or remedies, shall be entitled to
recover exemplary damages in the amount of three times the value of the gratuity offered by the Contractor.  
      6  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

26.  
  INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE       This solicitation and all attachments and amendments, the
Contractor s proposal, best and final offer accepted by ADHS/DBHS, and any approved subcontracts are hereby incorporated by reference into the contract.      
    Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Not Public Agency):   
 The parties to this contract agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be indemnified and held
harmless by the Contractor for the vicarious liability of the State as a result of entering into this contract. The Contractor agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the State from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs,
and expenses, including attorney s fees and costs, arising out of litigation against AHCCCS including, but not limited to, class action lawsuits challenging actions by the Contractor. The requirement for indemnification applies irrespective of
whether or not the Contractor is a party to the lawsuit. Each Contractor shall indemnify the State, on a pro rata basis based on population, attorney s fees and costs awarded against the State as well as the attorney s fees and costs
incurred by the State in defending the lawsuit. The Contractor shall also indemnify AHCCCS, on a pro rata basis based on population, the administrative expenses incurred by AHCCCS to address Contractor deficiencies arising out of the litigation. The
parties further agree that the State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards and commissions shall be responsible for its own negligence and/or willful misconduct. Each party to this contract is responsible for its own negligence and/or
willful misconduct.     Contractor/Vendor Indemnification (Public Agency):   
 Each party ( as indemnitor ) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other party ( as indemnitee ) from and
against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) (hereinafter collectively referred to as  claims ) arising out of bodily injury of any person (including death) or property
damage but only to the extent that such claims which result in vicarious/derivative liability to the indemnitee, are caused by the act, omission, negligence, misconduct, or other fault of the indemnitor, its officers, officials, agents, employees,
or volunteers.      

28.  
  INDEMNIFICATION - PATENT AND COPYRIGHT       To the extent permitted by applicable law the
Contractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the State against any liability including costs and expenses for infringement of any patent, trademark or copyright arising out of contract performance or use by the State of materials furnished
or work performed under this contract. The State shall reasonably notify the Contractor of any claim for which it may be liable under this paragraph.      
   The Contractor is required to maintain insurance, at a minimum, as specified
in Attachment E-1 Standard Professional Service Contracts. For policies for insurance for professional service contracts working with children or vulnerable adults, the policy may be endorsed to include coverage for sexual abuse and molestation.
 
      7  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
   ATTACHMENT E-1   
  STANDARD PROFESSIONAL SERVICE CONTRACT      INDEMNIFICATION
CLAUSE:     To the fullest extent permitted by law, Contractor shall defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless the State of Arizona, and its departments,
agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees (hereinafter referred to as  Indemnitee ) from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses (including court
costs, attorneys  fees, and costs of claim processing, investigation and litigation) (hereinafter referred to as  Claims ) for bodily injury or personal injury (including death), or loss or damage to tangible or intangible property
caused, or alleged to be caused, in whole or in part, by the negligent or willful acts or omissions of Contractor or any of its owners, officers, directors, agents, employees or subcontractors. This indemnity includes any claim or amount arising out
of or recovered under the Workers  Compensation Law or arising out of the failure of such Contractor to conform to any Federal, State or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or court decree. It is the specific intention of the
parties that the Indemnitee shall, in all instances, except for Claims arising solely from the negligent or willful acts or omissions of the Indemnitee, be indemnified by Contractor from and against any and all claims. It is agreed that Contractor
will be responsible for primary loss investigation, defense and judgment costs where this indemnification is applicable. In consideration of the award of this contract, the Contractor agrees to waive all rights of subrogation against the State of
Arizona, its officers, officials, agents and employees for losses arising from the work performed by the Contractor for the State of Arizona.     This
indemnity shall not apply if the Contractor or subcontractor(s) is/are an agency, board, commission or university of the State of Arizona.       

1.  
  INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:       Contractors shall procure and maintain until all of their
obligations have been discharged, including any warranty periods under this Contract, insurance against claims for injury to persons or damage to property arising from or in connection with the performance of the work hereunder by the Contractor,
its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors.    The insurance requirements herein are minimum requirements for this Contract and
in no way limit the indemnity covenants contained in this Contract. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the minimum limits contained herein are sufficient to protect the Contractor from liabilities that arise out of the performance of the
work under this contract by the Contractor, its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors, and the Contractor is free to purchase additional insurance.      

A. 
   MINIMUM SCOPE AND LIMITS OF INSURANCE :  Contractor shall provide coverage with limits of liability not less than those stated below.    

1. 
  Commercial General Liability (CGL)   Occurrence Form       Policy shall
include bodily injury, property damage, and broad form contractual liability coverage.      

a. 
 The policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees as
additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.    
      8  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

2.  
  Business Automobile Liability       Bodily Injury and Property Damage for any owned, hired,
and/or non-owned vehicles used in the performance of this Contract.      

a. 
 Policy shall be endorsed, as required by this written agreement, to include the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials, agents, and employees as
additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of the activities performed by or on behalf of the Contractor, involving automobiles owned, leased, hired, and/or non-owned by the Contractor.    

b. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

c. 
 Policy shall contain a severability of interest provision.        

3.  
  Worker s Compensation and Employers  Liability         

Workers  Compensation Statutory        

Employers  Liability        

a. 
 Policy shall contain a waiver of subrogation endorsement, as required by this written agreement, in favor of the State of Arizona, and its departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities, officers, officials,
agents, and employees for losses arising from work performed by or on behalf of the Contractor.        

b. 
 This requirement shall not apply to each Contractor or subcontractor that is exempt under A.R.S.  23-901, and when such Contractor or subcontractor executes the appropriate waiver form (Sole Proprietor or
Independent Contractor).        

4.  
  Professional Liability (Errors and Omissions Liability)         

a. 
 In the event that the Professional Liability insurance required by this Contract is written on a claims-made basis, Contractor warrants that any retroactive date under the policy shall precede the effective date of this
Contract; and either continuous coverage will be maintained or an extended discovery period will be exercised for a period of two years beginning at the time work under this Contract is completed.    

b. 
 The policy shall cover professional misconduct or negligent acts for those positions defined in the Scope of Work of this Contract.    
      9  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

B. 
   ADDITIONAL INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS :  The policies shall include, or be endorsed to include, as required by this written agreement, the following provisions:    

1. 
 The Contractor s policies shall stipulate that the insurance afforded the Contractor shall be primary and that any insurance carried by AHCCCS, its agents, officials, employees or the State of Arizona shall be
excess and not contributory insurance, as provided by A.R.S.  41-621 (E).        

2. 
 Insurance provided by the Contractor shall not limit the Contractor s liability assumed under the indemnification provisions of this Contract.    

C. 
   NOTICE OF CANCELLATION :  For each insurance policy required by the insurance provisions of this Contract, the Contractor must provide to the State of Arizona, within two (2) business days of receipt, a
notice if a policy is suspended, voided, or cancelled for any reason. Such notice shall be sent to AHCCCS Contracts Unit, Mail Drop 5700, Division of Business and Finance, 701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034.    

D. 
   ACCEPTABILITY OF INSURERS :  Contractor s insurance shall be placed with companies licensed in the State of Arizona or hold approved non-admitted status on the Arizona Department of Insurance List of
Qualified Unauthorized Insurers. Insurers shall have an  A.M. Best  rating of not less than A- VII. The State of Arizona in no way warrants that the above-required minimum insurer rating is sufficient to protect the Contractor from
potential insurer insolvency.        

E. 
   VERIFICATION OF COVERAGE :  Contractor shall furnish the State of Arizona with certificates of insurance (valid ACORD form or equivalent approved by the State of Arizona) as required by this Contract and as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. An authorized representative of the insurer shall sign the certificates .        All
certificates and endorsements, as required by this written agreement, are to be received and approved by the State of Arizona before work commences. Each insurance policy required by this Contract must be in effect at or prior to commencement of
work under this Contract. Failure to maintain the insurance policies as required by this Contract, or to provide evidence of renewal, is a material breach of Contract.  
 All certificates required by this Contract shall be sent directly to AHCCCS Contracts Unit, Mail Drop 5700, Division of Business and Finance,
701 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85034. All subcontractors are required to maintain insurance and to provide verification upon request. The AHCCCS project/contract number and project description shall be noted on the certificate of insurance. The
State of Arizona and AHCCCS reserves the right to require complete, certified copies of all insurance policies required by this Contract at any time .       

F. 
   SUBCONTRACTORS :  Contractors  certificate(s) shall include all subcontractors as insureds under its policies or Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring and/or verifying that all subcontractors
have valid and collectable insurance as evidenced by the certificates of insurance and endorsements for each subcontractor. All coverages for subcontractors shall be subject to the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions located on the AHCCCS website.
AHCCCS reserves the right to require, at any time throughout the life of this contract, proof from the Contractor that its subcontractors have the required coverage.    

G. 
   APPROVAL AND MODIFICATIONS :  AHCCCS, in consultation with State Risk, reserves the right to review or make modifications to the insurance limits, required coverages, or endorsements throughout the life of
this contract, as deemed necessary. Such action will not require a formal contract amendment but may be made by administrative action.      [END
OF ATTACHMENT E-1]  
      10  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   In order to receive payment under any resulting contract, the Contractor
shall have a current IRS W9 Form on file with the State of Arizona.      
   No funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS, or interest earned thereon, shall
be used for the purpose of influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any Federal or State agency, a member of the United States Congress or State Legislature, an officer or employee of a member of the United States Congress or
State Legislature in connection with awarding of any Federal or State contract, the making of any Federal or State grant, the making of any Federal or State loan, the entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation,
renewal, amendment or modification of any Federal or State contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement. The Contractor shall disclose if any funds paid to the Contractor by AHCCCS have been used or will be used to influence the persons and
entities indicated above and will assist AHCCCS in making such disclosures to CMS.      

32.  
  NO GUARANTEED QUANTITIES       AHCCCS does not guarantee the Contractor any minimum or
maximum quantity of services or goods to be provided under this contract.      
   In accordance with A.R.S.  41-1461 et seq. and Executive Order
2009-09, the Contractor shall provide equal employment opportunities for all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, disability or political affiliation. The Contractor shall comply with the Americans with
Disabilities Act.      

34.  
  NON-EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES       The rights and the remedies of AHCCCS under this contract are
not exclusive.      

35.  
  OFF-SHORE PERFORMANCE OF WORK PROHIBITED       Any services that are described in the
specifications or scope of work that directly serve the State of Arizona or its clients and involve access to secure or sensitive data or personal client data shall be performed within the defined territories of the United States. Unless
specifically stated otherwise in the specifications, this paragraph does not apply to indirect or  overhead  services, redundant back-up services or services that are incidental to the performance of the contract. This provision applies to
work performed by subcontractors at all tiers.      
   The parties to this contract shall be bound by all terms and
conditions contained herein. For interpreting such terms and conditions the following sources shall have precedence in descending order: The Constitution and laws of the United States and applicable Federal regulations; the terms of the CMS 1115
waiver for the State of Arizona; the Constitution and laws of Arizona, and applicable State Rules; the terms of this contract which consists of the RFP, the proposal of the successful Offeror, and any Best and Final Offer including any attachments,
executed amendments and modifications; and AHCCCS policies and procedures.  
      11  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

37.  
  OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION AND DATA       Materials, reports and other deliverables created
under this contract are the sole property of AHCCCS. The Contractor is not entitled to any rights to those materials and may not transfer any rights to anyone else. Except as necessary to carry out the requirements of this contract, as otherwise
allowed under this contract, or as required by law, the Contractor shall not use or release data, information or materials, reports, or deliverables derived from that data or information without the prior written consent of AHCCCS. Data, information
and reports collected or prepared by the Contractor in the course of performing its duties and obligations under this contract shall not be used by the Contractor for any independent project of the Contractor or publicized by the Contractor without
the prior written permission of AHCCCS. Subject to applicable state and Federal laws and regulations, AHCCCS shall have full and complete rights to reproduce, duplicate, disclose and otherwise use all such information.  
 At the termination of the contract, the Contractor shall make available all such data to AHCCCS within 30 days following termination of the
contract or such longer period as approved by AHCCCS, Office of the Director. For purposes of this subsection, the term  data  shall not include member medical records.  
 Except as otherwise provided in this section, if any copyrightable or patentable material is developed by the Contractor in the course of
performance of this contract, the Federal government, AHCCCS and the State of Arizona shall have a  royalty-free,  nonexclusive, and irrevocable right to reproduce, publish, or otherwise use, and to authorize
others to use, the work for state or Federal government purposes. The Contractor shall additionally be subject to the applicable provisions of 45 CFR Part 74.      

39.  
  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES       The Contractor under this contract is an independent
Contractor. Neither party to this contract shall be deemed to be the employee or agent of the other party to the contract.      
   AHCCCS shall be entitled to offset against any sums due the Contractor
any expenses or costs incurred by AHCCCS or damages assessed by AHCCCS concerning the Contractor s non-conforming performance or failure to perform the contract, including but not limited to expenses, costs and damages.  
   
   If AHCCCS, in good faith, has reason to believe that the Contractor
does not intend to perform or is unable to continue to perform this contract, the procurement officer may demand in writing that the Contractor give a written assurance of intent to perform. The demand shall be sent to the Contractor by certified
mail, return receipt required. Failure by the Contractor to provide written assurance within the number of days specified in the demand may, at the State s option, be the basis for terminating the contract.  

42.  
  RIGHT TO INSPECT PLANT OR PLACE OF BUSINESS       AHCCCS may, at reasonable times, inspect
the part of the plant or place of business of the Contractor or subcontractor that is related to the performance of this contract, in accordance with A.R.S.   41-2547.   
      12  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

The provisions of this contract are severable. Any term or condition
deemed illegal or invalid shall not affect any other term or condition of the contract.      

45.  
  SUSPENSION OR DEBARMENT       The Contractor shall not employ, consult, subcontract or enter
into any agreement for Title XIX services with any person or entity who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity or from participating in non-procurement activities under regulations issued under Executive Order
12549 [42 CFR 438.610(a)(b)] or under guidelines implementing Executive Order 12549. This prohibition extends to any entity which employs, consults, subcontracts with or otherwise reimburses for services any person substantially involved in the
management of another entity which is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity. The Contractor is obligated to screen all employees and contractors to determine whether any of them have been excluded from
participation in Federal health care programs. The Contractor can search the HHS-OIG website by the names of any individuals. The database can be accessed at http://www.oig.hhs.gov/fraud/exclusions.asp.  
 The Contractor shall not retain as a director, officer, partner or owner of 5% or more of the Contractor entity, any person, or affiliate of
such a person, who is debarred, suspended or otherwise excluded from Federal procurement activity.    AHCCCS may, by written notice to the
Contractor, immediately terminate this contract if it determines that the Contractor has been debarred, suspended or otherwise lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity.  

46.  
  TEMPORARY MANAGEMENT/OPERATION OF A CONTRACTOR        Temporary Management/Operation by
AHCCCS:  Pursuant to the Medicaid Managed Care Regulations, 42 CFR 438.700 et seq. and State Law A.R.S.  36-2903, AHCCCS is authorized to impose temporary management for a Contractor under certain conditions. Under Federal law, temporary
management may be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is continued egregious behavior by the Contractor, including but not limited to the following: substantial failure to provide medically necessary services the Contractor is required to
provide; imposition on enrollees premiums or charges that exceed those permitted by AHCCCS, discrimination among enrollees on the basis of health status or need for health care services; misrepresentation or falsification of information to AHCCCS or
CMS; misrepresentation or falsification of information furnished to an enrollee or provider; distribution of marketing materials that have not been approved by AHCCCS or that are false or misleading; or behavior contrary to any requirements of
Sections 1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Temporary management may also be imposed if AHCCCS determines that there is substantial risk to enrollees  health or that temporary management is necessary to ensure the health of enrollees
while the Contractor is correcting the deficiencies noted above or until there is an orderly transition or reorganization of the Contractor. Under Federal law, temporary management is mandatory if AHCCCS determines that the Contractor has repeatedly
failed to meet substantive requirements in Sections 1903(m) or 1932 of the Social Security Act. Pursuant to 42 CFR 438.706, AHCCCS shall not delay imposition of temporary management to provide a hearing before imposing this sanction.  
      13  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  If AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor, AHCCCS, through designees appointed
by the Director, shall be vested with full and exclusive power of management and control of the Contractor as necessary to ensure the uninterrupted care to persons and accomplish the orderly transition of persons to a new or existing Contractor, or
until the Contractor corrects the contract performance failure to the satisfaction of AHCCCS. AHCCCS shall have the power to employ any necessary assistants, to execute any instrument in the name of the Contractor, to commence, defend and conduct in
its name any action or proceeding in which the Contractor may be a party; such powers shall only apply with respect to activities occurring after AHCCCS undertakes direct operation of the Contractor in connection with this Section.  
 All reasonable expenses of AHCCCS related to the direct operation of the Contractor, including attorney fees, cost of preliminary or other
audits of the Contractor and expenses related to the management of any office or other assets of the Contractor, shall be paid by the Contractor or withheld from payment due from AHCCCS to the Contractor.  

47.  
  TERM OF CONTRACT AND OPTION TO RENEW       The  Term of Contract  shall commence on
the Contract Award Date, include the Contract Transition Period (the time period between the Contract Award Date to the Contract Performance Start Date) and end 36 months after the Contract Performance Start Date. Contract Performance Start Date
will begin on October 1, 2015, and shall continue for a period of three years thereafter, unless terminated, canceled or extended as otherwise provided herein. The total Contract term for this section will be for three years delivering services
to members, plus the Contract Transition Period. The contract cycle is October 1 through September 30 with an annual October 1 renewal. The State refers to the first three Contract periods during the Term of Contract as:  
 First Contract period: Starts on the Contract Award Date, includes the Contract Transition Period, and ends 12 months after Contract
Performance Start Date.    Second Contract period: Starts after the end of the first Contract period and ends 12 months later.  
 Third Contract period: Starts after the end of the second Contract period and ends twelve 12 months later.  
 The terms and conditions of any such contract extension shall remain the same as the original contract, as amended. Any contract extension
shall be through contract amendment, and shall be at the sole option of AHCCCS.    If the Contractor has been awarded a contract in more than
one GSA, each such contract will be considered separately renewable. AHCCCS may renew the Contractor s contract in one GSA, but not in another. In the event AHCCCS determines there are issues of noncompliance by the Contractor in one GSA,
AHCCCS may request an enrollment cap for the Contractor s contracts in all other GSAs. Further, AHCCCS may require the Contractor to renew all currently awarded GSAs, or may terminate the contract if the Contractor does not agree to renew all
currently awarded GSAs.  
      14  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  When the Contracting Officer issues an amendment to extend the contract, the provisions of
such extension will be deemed to have been accepted 30 days after the date of mailing by the Contracting Officer, unless a different time period is specified by AHCCCS, even if the extension amendment has not been signed by the Contractor, unless
within that time the Contractor notifies the Contracting Officer in writing that it refuses to sign the extension amendment. Failure of an existing Contractor to accept an amendment (or renew) may result in immediate suspension/termination of member
assignment. If the Contractor provides such notification, the Contracting Officer will initiate contract termination proceedings.    If the
Contractor chooses not to renew this contract, the Contractor may be liable for certain costs associated with the transition of its members to a different Contractor. The Contractor is required to provide 180 days advance written notice to the
Contracts and Purchasing Administrator of its intent not to renew the contract. If the Contractor provides the Contracts and Purchasing Administrator written notice of its intent not to renew this contract at least 180 days before its expiration,
this liability for transition costs may be waived by the Contracting Officer.    Contract extension periods shall, if authorized by the
State, begin after the  Term of Contract  section of these Contract Terms and Conditions. This Contract is subject to two additional successive periods of up to 24 months per extension period. The State refers to Contract periods four and
five during the Contract Extensions period as:    Fourth Contract period: Starts after the end of the third Contract period and is extended
for a period of time not to exceed 24 months.    Fifth Contract period: Starts after the end of the fourth Contract period and is extended
for a period of time not to exceed 24 months.      
   AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate this contract in whole or in part by
reason of force majeure, due to the failure of the Contractor to comply with any term or condition of the contract, including, but not limited to, circumstances which present risk to member health or safety, and as authorized by the Balanced Budget
Act of 1997 and 42 CFR 438.708. The term force majeure means an occurrence that is beyond the control of AHCCCS and occurs without its fault or negligence. Force majeure includes acts of God and other similar occurrences beyond the control of AHCCCS
which it is unable to prevent by exercising reasonable diligence.    If the Contractor is providing services under more than one contract
with AHCCCS, AHCCCS may deem unsatisfactory performance under one contract to be cause to require the Contractor to provide assurance of performance under any and all other contracts. In such situations, AHCCCS reserves the right to seek remedies
under both actual and anticipatory breaches of contract if adequate assurance of performance is not received. The Contracting Officer shall mail written notice of the termination and the reason(s) for it to the Contractor by certified mail, return
receipt requested. Pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and 42 CFR 438.708, AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor with a pre-termination hearing before termination of the contract.  
 Upon termination, all documents, data, and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be delivered
to immediately AHCCCS on demand.    AHCCCS may, upon termination of this contract, procure on terms and in the manner that it deems
appropriate, materials or services to replace those under this contract. The Contractor shall be liable for any excess costs incurred by AHCCCS in re-procuring the materials or services.  
      15  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

49.  
  TERMINATION - AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS       Funds are not presently available for performance
under this contract beyond the current fiscal year. No legal liability on the part of AHCCCS for any payment may arise under this contract until funds are made available for performance of this contract.  
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by Contractor, if, for any reason, there are not
sufficient appropriated and available monies for the purpose of maintaining this Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Contractor shall have no further obligation to AHCCCS.  

50.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONFLICT OF INTEREST       AHCCCS may cancel this contract without penalty or
further obligation if any person significantly involved in initiating, negotiating, securing, drafting or creating the contract on behalf of AHCCCS is, or becomes at any time while the contract or any extension of the contract is in effect, an
employee of, or a consultant to, any other party to this contract with respect to the subject matter of the contract. The cancellation shall be effective when the Contractor receives written notice of the cancellation unless the notice specifies a
later time.    If the Contractor is a political subdivision of the State, it may also cancel this contract as provided by A.R.S.
 38-511.      

51.  
  TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE       AHCCCS reserves the right to terminate the contract in
whole or in part at any time for the convenience of the State without penalty or recourse. The Contracting Officer shall give written notice by certified mail, of the termination at least 90 days before the effective date of the termination. Upon
receipt of written notice, the Contractor shall stop all work, as directed in the notice, notify all subcontractors of the effective date of the termination and minimize all further costs to the State. In the event of termination under this
paragraph, all documents, data and reports prepared by the Contractor under the contract shall become the property of and be delivered to AHCCCS immediately on demand. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive just and equitable compensation for
work in progress, work completed and materials accepted before the effective date of the termination.      

52.  
  TERMINATION UPON MUTUAL AGREEMENT       This Contract may be terminated by mutual written
agreement of the parties effective upon the date specified in the written agreement. If the parties cannot reach agreement regarding an effective date for termination, AHCCCS will determine the effective date.  

53.  
  THIRD PARTY ANTITRUST VIOLATIONS       The Contractor assigns to the State any claim for
overcharges resulting from antitrust violations to the extent that those violations concern materials or services supplied by third parties to the Contractor toward fulfillment of this contract.  
      16  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   Fixed-Price, stated as capitated per member per month, except as
otherwise provided.      

55.  
  WARRANTY OF SERVICES       The Contractor warrants that all services provided under this
contract will conform to the requirements stated herein. AHCCCS  acceptance of services provided by the Contractor shall not relieve the Contractor from its obligations under this warranty. In addition to its other remedies, AHCCCS may, at the
Contractor s expense, require prompt correction of any services failing to meet the Contractor s warranty herein. Services corrected by the Contractor shall be subject to all of the provisions of this contract in the manner and to the same
extent as the services originally furnished.  
      17  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
 
      18  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

21  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

22  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

23  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

24  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA   
 INTRODUCTION      
   The purpose of this contract is to delineate Contractor requirements to
administer behavioral health services for eligible children, adults and their families. In addition, pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2901 et seq., AHCCCS and the Contractor will oversee an integrated physical and behavioral health care delivery system
for eligible adults determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI).    The Contractor shall be responsible for the performance of all
contract requirements. The Contractor may delegate responsibility for services and related activities under this contract, but remains ultimately responsible for compliance with the terms of this contract, 42 CFR 438.230(a).  
 In the event that a provision of Federal or State law, regulation, or policy is repealed or modified during the term of this contract,
effective on the date the repeal or modification by its own terms takes effect:      

1.1.1 
 The provisions of this contract shall be deemed to have been amended to incorporate the repeal or modification; and        

1.1.2 
 The Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the contract as amended, unless AHCCCS and the Contractor otherwise stipulate in writing.    
 Arizona Laws 2015, Chapter 19, Section 9 (SB 1480), enacts that from and after June 30, 2016, the provision of behavioral health
services under the Division of Behavioral Health Services (DBHS) in the Department of Health Services is transferred to and shall be administered by the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS).  
 Integrating the delivery of behavioral and physical health care is a significant step forward in improving the overall health of members
determined to be SMI. Under this Contract, the Contractor is the single entity that is responsible for administrative and clinical integration of health care service delivery for members with SMI, which includes coordinating Medicare and Medicaid
benefits for members with SMI who are dual eligible. From a member perspective, this approach will improve individual health outcomes, enhance care coordination and increase member satisfaction. From a system perspective, it will increase
efficiency, reduce administrative burden and foster transparency and accountability.      

1.1.3 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring the delivery of medically necessary covered services to AHCCCS members enrolled in the Acute Care Program as follows:    

1.1.4 
 Behavioral health services to Medicaid eligible children and adults (excluding members who are: dually eligible 18 years of age and over, CRS Fully Integrated, CRS Partially Integrated   Behavioral Health, American
Indians enrolled with a TRBHA, and members enrolled in ALTCS E/PD,) enrolled in the AHCCCS Acute Care program, CMDP, ALTCS DDD, and members enrolled in the American Indian Health Program electing to receive behavioral health services from the
Contractor; excluding adults enrolled in the Acute Care program who are dual-eligible and have General Mental Health and/or Substance Abuse needs;        

1.1.5 
 Integrated behavioral and physical health services to Medicaid eligible adults with SMI, including coordination of Medicare benefits for SMI members who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid (dual eligible
members); and        

1.1.6 
 Crisis Services as outlined in the Contract Section on, Crisis Services.    
      25  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

1.1.7 
 To the following populations as identified on the chart below:        

Contractor   
    
    Responsibilities   

GMH/SA   
    
    (18 +Years)   
    
    SMI   
    
    (18+ Years)   
    
    Children (0-17) Years    
 
    Population   
    
    Non Dual  
  Behavioral Health   
    
    Dual- Behavioral  
  Health   
    
    Behavioral  
  Health   
    
    Physical  
  Health   
    
    Behavioral Health    

Acute  
    
  RBHA  
    
  Acute Plan  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA   
 
  ALTCS EPD  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan  
    
  ALTCS Plan   
 
  ALTCS DD  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA  
    
  RBHA  
    
  DD (Acute Plan Contractor)  
    
  RBHA   
 
  CRS(2)  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS   
 
  CRS and CMDP(3)  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CMDP  
    
  CRS   
 
  CRS and DD  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  CRS  
    
  DD (Acute Plan Contractor)  
    
  CRS   
 
  CMDP (0-17)  
    
  N/A  
    
  N/A  
    
  N/A  
    
  N/A  
    
  RBHA   
 
  KidsCare  
    
  RBHA  
    
  Acute Plan  
    
  RBHA  
    
  Acute Plan  
    
  RBHA   
 
  AIHP(1)  
    
  TRBHA  
    
    TRBHA  
  Integrated Acute   
    
  TRBHA  
    
  AIHP Acute Plan RBHA  
    
  TRBHA   

(1) 
 American Indian Members can always choose to receive services through IHS/638 facilities.    

(2) 
 This represents CRS members not enrolled with DD or CMDP.    

(3) 
 Responsibilities for the CRS members also enrolled in DD and CMDP remain the same with the exception of DD providing LTC services.    
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the provision of Title XIX/XXI services as set forth in this contract and for the provision of those services as set
forth in Contract YH17-0003. The Contractor shall ensure effective coordination of care for delivery of services to eligible members.      

1.2  
  System Values and Guiding Principles       The following values, guiding system principles
and goals are the foundation for the development of this Contract. Contractor shall administer and ensure delivery of services consistent with these values, principles and goals:  

1.2.1 
 Member and family member involvement at all system levels;        

1.2.2 
 Collaboration with the greater community;        

1.2.3 
 Effective innovation promoting evidence-based practices;        

1.2.4 
 Expectation for continuous quality improvement;        

1.2.11 
 The Adult Service Delivery System-Nine Guiding Principles in Exhibit-6; and        

1.2.12 
 The Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery as outlined in AMPM Policy 430.        

1.3  
  Integrated Health Care Service Delivery Principles for Persons with Serious Mental Illness     
 Coordinating and integrating primary and behavioral health care is expected to produce improved access to primary care services, increased
prevention, early identification, and intervention to reduce the incidence of serious physical illnesses, including chronic disease. Increasing and promoting the availability of integrated, holistic care for members with chronic behavioral and
physical health conditions will help members achieve better overall health and an improved quality of life. The principles below  
      26  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
describe AHCCCS  vision for integrated care service delivery. However, many of them apply to all populations for all services in all settings. For example, concepts such as recovery, member
input, family involvement, person-centered care, communication and commitment are examples that describe well-established expectations AHCCCS has in all of its behavioral health care service delivery contracts.  
 While these principles have served as the foundation for successful behavioral health service delivery, providing whole-health integrated care
services to individuals with SMI- primarily because of chronic, preventable, physical conditions-is a challenge that calls for a new approach that will improve health care outcomes in a cost-effective manner. To meet this challenge, the Contractor
must be creative and innovative in its oversight and management of the integrated service delivery system. AHCCCS expects the Contractor to embrace the principles below and demonstrate an unwavering commitment to treat each and every member with
dignity and respect as if that member were a relative or loved one seeking care.      

1.3.1 
 The Contractor shall comply with all terms, conditions and requirements in this Contract while embedding the following principles in the design and implementation of an integrated health care service delivery system:

1.3.2 
 Behavioral, physical, and peer support providers must share the same mission to place the member s whole-health needs above all else as the focal point of care.    

1.3.3 
 All aspects of the member experience from engagement, treatment planning, service delivery and customer service must be designed to promote recovery and wellness as communicated by the member.    

1.3.4 
 Member input must be incorporated into developing individualized treatment goals, wellness plans, and services.        

1.3.5 
 Peer and family voice must be embedded at all levels of the system.        

1.3.6 
 Recovery is personal, self-directed, and must be individualized to the member.        

1.3.7 
 Family member involvement, community integration and a safe affordable place to live are integral components of a member s recovery and must be as important as any other single medicine, procedure, therapy or
treatment.        

1.3.8 
 Providers of integrated care must operate as a team that functions as the single-point of whole-health treatment and care for all of a member s health care needs. Co-location or making referrals without
coordinating care through a team approach does not equate to integrated care.        

1.3.9 
 The team must involve the member as an equal partner by using appropriate levels of care management, comprehensive transitional care, care coordination, health promotion and use of technology as well as provide linkages
to community services and supports and individual and family support to help a member achieve his or her whole health goals.        

1.3.10 
 The Contractor s overarching system goals for individual SMI members and the SMI population are to improve whole health outcomes and reduce or eliminate health care disparities between SMI members and the general
population in a cost-effective manner.        

1.3.11 
 System goals shall be achieved using the following strategies:        

1.3.11.1 
 Use of health education and health promotion services;        

1.3.11.2 
 Increased use of primary care prevention strategies;        
 
      27  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

1.3.11.4 
 Focused, targeted, consultations for behavior health conditions;        

1.3.11.6 
 Enhanced discharge planning and follow-up care between provider visits;        

1.3.11.7 
 Ongoing outcome measurement and treatment plan modification;        

1.3.11.8 
 Care coordination through effective provider communication and management of treatment;        

1.3.11.10 
 Achievement of system goals shall result in the following outcomes;        

1.3.11.11 
 Reduced rates of unnecessary or inappropriate Emergency Room use;        

1.3.11.12 
 Reduced need for repeated hospitalization and re-hospitalization;        

1.3.11.13 
 Reduction or elimination of duplicative health care services and associated costs; and        

1.3.11.14 
 Improved member s experience of care and individual health outcomes.        

2  
  ELIGIBILITY         

2.1  
  Medicaid Eligible Populations       The Contractor shall:  

2.1.1 
 Be responsible for ensuring the delivery of covered services to Title XIX/XXI eligible children and adult populations except:        

2.1.1.1 
 Members enrolled in the Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) Fully-Integrated AHCCCS Contractor;        

2.1.1.2 
 Arizona Long Term Care System (Elderly and Physically Disabled) ALTCS-E/PD members; and        

2.1.1.3 
 Dual eligible adults receiving General Mental Health/Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) services transitioned to Acute Care Contractors for services.    

2.1.2 
 Not be responsible to provide physical health care services to the following Medicaid eligible SMI members:        

2.1.2.1 
 Members enrolled with Arizona Department of Economic Security/Division of Developmental Disabilities (ADES/DDD);        

2.1.2.2 
 American Indians who elect to receive physical health services from the American Indian Health Program (AHIP) or another AHCCCS Contractor; and    

28  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

2.2  
  Special Medicaid Eligibility-Members Awaiting Transplants         

2.2.1 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the following:        

2.2.1.1 
 SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract;        

2.2.1.2 
 For whom medical necessity for a transplant has been established; and        

2.2.2 
 These members may become eligible for and select one of two extended eligibility options as specified in A.R.S.    36-2907.10 and 36-2907.11. The extended eligibility is authorized only for those individuals
who have met all of the following conditions:        

2.2.2.1 
 The individual has been determined Title XIX ineligible due to excess income;        

2.2.2.2 
 The individual has been placed on a donor waiting list before eligibility expired; and        

2.2.2.3 
 The individual has entered into a contractual arrangement with the transplant facility to pay the amount of income that is in excess of the eligibility income standards (referred to as transplant share of cost).

2.2.3 
 The following options are available for extended eligibility:        

2.2.3.1 
 Option 1: Extended eligibility is for one 12 month period immediately following the loss of AHCCCS eligibility. The member is eligible for all AHCCCS covered services as long as they continue to be medically eligible
for a transplant. If determined medically ineligible for a transplant at any time during the period, eligibility will terminate at the end of the calendar month in which the determination is made.    

2.2.3.2 
 Option 2: As long as medical eligibility for a transplant, that is, status on a transplant waiting list, is maintained, at the time that the transplant is scheduled to be performed the transplant candidate will be
re-enrolled with the Contractor to receive all covered transplant services. Option 2-eligible individuals are not eligible for any non-transplant related health care services from AHCCCS.    

2.2.4 
 Submit all reports in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

2.4  
  Eligibility and Member Verification       The Contractor shall:  

2.4.1 
 Verify the Medicaid eligibility status for persons referred for covered health services.        

2.4.2 
 Coordinate with other involved contractors, for example, AHCCCS Acute Plans or ALTCS, service providers, subcontractors and eligible persons to share specific information regarding Medicaid eligibility.
   
      29  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

2.4.3 
 Notify AHCCCS of a Medicaid-eligible member s death, incarceration or relocation out-of-state that may affect a member s eligibility status.    

2.4.4 
 Screen persons requesting covered services for Medicaid and Medicare eligibility in conformance with the AHCCCS Policy on Eligibility Screening for AHCCCS Health Insurance, Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Coverage,
and the Limited Income Subsidy Program. A person who receives behavioral health services pursuant to A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 34 and who has not been determined eligible for Title XVIII (Medicare) and for the Medicare Part D prescription drug
benefit, Title XIX or Title XXI services shall comply with the eligibility determination process annually. A.R.S.  36-3408.        

2.4.5 
 The Contractor is not responsible for determining eligibility.        

2.5  
  Medicaid Eligibility Determination       The Contractor shall:  
 Accept a Medicaid eligibility determination for AHCCCS coverage groups as determined by one of the following agencies:  

2.5.1 
 Social Security Administration (SSA): SSA determines eligibility for the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) cash program. SSI cash recipients are automatically eligible for AHCCCS coverage.    

2.5.2 
 Arizona Department of Economic Security (ADES): ADES determines eligibility for caretaker relatives, children, pregnant women, Young Adult Transitional Insurance Program, and adults.    

2.5.3 
 Department of Child Safety: DCS determines eligibility for the Adoption Subsidy Program and Title IV-E Foster Care children.        

2.5.4 
 AHCCCS: AHCCCS determines eligibility for the SSI/Medical Assistance Only groups, (aged, disabled, and blind), the Arizona Long Term Care System (ALTCS), the Medicare Savings program, BCCTP, the Freedom to Work program,
the Title XXI KidsCare program and the State-Only Transplant program.        

3  
  ENROLLMENT AND DISENROLLMENT         

3.1  
  Enrollment and Disenrollment of Populations       The Contractor shall:  

3.1.1 
 Defer to AHCCCS, which has exclusive authority to enroll and disenroll Medicaid eligible members in accordance with the rules set forth in A.A.C., R9-22, Article 17 and R9-31, Articles 3 and 17.    

3.1.2 
 Comply with the requirements in the AHCCCS Policy on Enrollment, Disenrollment and Other Data Submission.        

3.1.3 
 American Indian members, Title XIX and XXI, on- or off-reservation, eligible to receive services, may choose to receive services at any time from an American Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health Service (IHS)
Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638 Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) [ARRA Section 5006(d), and SMD letter 10-001].i    
      30  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.1.4 
 American Indians determined to be SMI can choose to enroll as follows:        

3.1.4.1 
 In a RBHA to receive both physical health services and behavioral services;        

3.1.4.2 
 In an Acute Care Contractor for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA; or        

3.1.4.3 
 In AIHP for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA.        

3.1.5 
 American Indians enrolled in Medicaid and Medicare and receiving general mental health and substance abuse services, can choose to enroll as follows:    

3.1.5.1 
 In an Acute Care Contractor to receive both physical health services and behavioral services (adults 18 and over only);        

3.1.5.2 
 In an Acute Care Contractor for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA; or        

3.1.5.3 
 In AIHP for physical health services and receive behavioral health services from a TRBHA.        

3.1.6 
 Not end a member s Episode of Care (EOC) because of an adverse change in the member s health status or because of the member s utilization of medical services, diminished capacity, or uncooperative or
disruptive behavior.        

3.1.7 
 Accept AHCCCS  decision to disenroll a Medicaid eligible member from TXIX/XXI services when:        

3.1.7.1 
 The member becomes ineligible for Medicaid or CHIP;        

3.1.7.2 
 The member moves out of the Contractor s geographical service area; or        

3.1.7.3 
 There is a change in AHCCCS  enrollment policy.        

3.1.8 
 Honor the effective date of enrollment for a new Title XIX member as the day AHCCCS takes the enrollment action.        

3.1.9 
 Be responsible for payment of medically necessary covered services retroactive to the member s beginning date of eligibility, as reflected in PMMIS including services provided during prior period coverage; this can
include services prior to the Contract start date and in subsequent years of the Contract.        

3.1.10 
 Honor the effective date of enrollment for a Title XXI member as the first day of the month following notification to the Contractor. In the event that eligibility is determined on or after the 25 th  day of the month, eligibility will begin on the first day of the second month following the determination.        

3.1.11 
 The Contractor is responsible for notifying AHCCCS of a child s birth to an enrolled member.        

3.1.12 
 Notification must be received no later than one day from the date of birth. AHCCCS is available to receive notification 24 hours a day, seven days a week via the AHCCCS website.    

3.1.13 
 Failure of the Contractor to notify AHCCCS within the one day timeframe may result in sanctions. The Contractor shall ensure that newborns born to a member determined to be SMI and enrolled with the Contractor are not
enrolled with the Contractor for the delivery of health care services.    
      31  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.1.14 
 Babies born to mothers enrolled with the Contractor are auto-assigned to an Acute Care Contractor. Mothers of these newborns are sent a Choice Notice advising them of their right to choose a different Acute Care
Contractor for their child, which allows them 30 days to make a choice.        

3.1.15 
 The Contractor shall not impose enrollment fees, premiums, or similar charges on American Indians served by an American Indian Health Facility (I/T/U) - Indian Health Service (IHS) Facility, a Tribally-Operated 638
Health Program, Urban Indian Health Program) (ARRA Section 5006(d), SMD letter 10-001). ii         

3.1.16 
 AHCCCS does not use passive enrollment procedures, 42 CFR 438.6(d)(2). AHCCCS operates as a mandatory managed care program and choice of enrollment or auto-assignment is used pursuant to the terms of the Arizona
Medicaid Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver Special Terms and Conditions. iii         

3.1.17 
 AHCCCS members eligible under this contract will be enrolled as follows:        

3.1.17.1 
 TXIX eligible adults with an SMI determination will be enrolled to receive all medically necessary physical and behavioral health services through a RBHA unless they request and are approved to opt-out for cause from
the RBHA for physical health services.        

3.1.17.2 
 Members eligible for Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor, unless they refuse to participate in the CRS application process, refuse to receive CRS covered services
through the CRS Program, or opt out of the CRS Program. This includes members who are eligible for CRS who are determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI).        

3.1.17.3 
 Members eligible for ALTCS/EPD will be enrolled with a Contractor in their GSA and will be offered choice for Maricopa and Pima counties.    

3.2.1 
 Effective October 1, 2015, individuals with an SMI determination will have the option to opt-out of enrollment with the RBHA for physical health services and be transferred to an AHCCCS Acute Care Contractor to
receive physical health services, under the following conditions only:        

3.2.1.1 
 The member, member s guardian, or member s physician successfully dispute the member s diagnosis as SMI,        

3.2.1.3 
 Physician or provider course of care recommendation, or        

3.2.1.4 
 The member established that due to the enrollment and affiliation with the RBHA as a person with a SMI, and in contrast to persons enrolled with an Acute Care Contractor, there is demonstrable evidence to establish
actual harm or the potential for discriminatory or disparate treatment in:        

3.2.1.4.1 
 The access to, continuity or availability of acute care covered services,        
 
      32  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.2.2 
 In regards to above language, a member must either demonstrate that the discriminatory or disparate treatment has already occurred, or establish the plausible potential of such treatment. It is insufficient for a member
to establish actual harm or the potential for discriminatory or disparate treatment solely on the basis that they are enrolled in the RBHA.        

3.2.3 
 The Contractor shall take the following actions:        

3.2.3.1 
 Reduce to writing the member s assertions of the actual or perceived disparate treatment of individuals as a result of their enrollment in the integrated plan.    

3.2.3.2 
 Complete an SMI Member Request to Transfer from a RBHA to an AHCCCS Acute Care Contractor Form, as outlined in ACOM Policy 442.        

3.2.3.3 
 Confirm and document that the member is enrolled in SMI RBHA program.        

3.2.3.4 
 Provide documentation of efforts to investigate and resolve member s concern.        

3.2.3.5 
 Include any evidence provided by the member of actual or reasonable likelihood of discriminatory or disparate treatment.        

3.2.3.6 
 Recommend approval or denial of request, and forward completed packet to AHCCCS for approval or denial within seven calendar days of request.    
  AHCCCS shall:       

3.2.3.7 
 Review completed request packets received from the Contractor.        

3.2.3.8 
 Approve or deny the request in writing within 10 calendar days of request from the member.        

3.2.4 
 Provide notice that includes the reasons for the denial and appeal/hearing rights to the member for requests which are denied. In the event the member files an appeal:    

3.2.4.1 
 AHCCCS will forward a copy of the appeal to the Contractor.        

3.2.4.2 
 The Contractor will continue efforts to resolve the concerns identified in the appeal and ensure needed coordination activities take place with the relevant parties throughout the appeal process.    

3.2.4.3 
 AHCCCS will notify the Contractor of the date and time of the hearing and other relevant administrative proceedings.    
      33  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

3.2.4.4 
 The Contractor will provide AHCCCS with a summary, prior to the hearing and within a timeframe requested by AHCCCS, of all efforts taken to resolve the member s concerns.    

3.2.4.5 
 The Contractor will designate a representative to participate in the hearing and provide AHCCCS with information on how to contact the representative during the time of the hearing.    

3.2.4.6 
 AHCCCS will notify the RBHA of the outcome of the appeal.        

3.3  
  Prior Quarter Coverage       The Contractor acknowledges that:  

3.3.1 
 Pursuant to Federal Regulation, 42 CFR 435.915, AHCCCS is required to implement Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility which expands the time period during which AHCCCS pays for covered services for eligible individuals to
include services provided during any of the three months prior to the month the individual applied for AHCCCS, if the individual met AHCCCS eligibility requirements during that month.    

3.3.2 
 AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services received during the prior quarter.        

3.3.3 
 Upon verification or notification of Prior Quarter Coverage eligibility, providers will be required to bill AHCCCS for services provided during a prior quarter eligibility period.    

3.4  
  Prior Period Coverage       The Contractor acknowledges that:  

3.4.1 
 AHCCCS provides Prior Period Coverage for the period of time prior to the Title XIX member s enrollment during which the member is eligible for covered services.    

3.4.2 
 Prior Period Coverage refers to the time frame from the effective date of eligibility (usually the first day of the month of application) until the date the member is enrolled with the Contractor.    

3.4.3 
 The Contractor receives notification from AHCCCS of the member s enrollment.        

3.4.4 
 The Contractor is responsible for payment of all claims for medically necessary covered services provided to members during prior period coverage. This may include services provided prior to the Contract Year and in a
Geographic Service Area where the Contractor was not contracted at the time of service delivery.        

3.4.5 
 AHCCCS Fee-For-Service will be responsible for the payment of claims for prior period coverage for members who are found eligible for AHCCCS initially through hospital presumptive eligibility and later are enrolled with
the Contractor. Therefore, for those members, the Contractor is not responsible for Prior Period Coverage.        

3.5  
  Hospital Presumptive Eligibility       As required under the Affordable Care Act, AHCCCS has
established standards for the State s Hospital Presumptive Eligibility (HPE) program in accordance with federal requirements. Qualified hospitals that  
      34  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
elect to participate in the HPE Program will implement a process consistent with AHCCCS standards which determines applicants presumptively eligible for AHCCCS Medicaid covered
services. Persons determined presumptively eligible who have not submitted a full application to AHCCCS will qualify for Medicaid services from the date the hospital determines the individual to be presumptively eligible through the last day of
the month following the month in which the determination of presumptive eligibility was made by the qualified hospital. For persons who apply for presumptive eligibility and who also submit a full application to AHCCCS, coverage of
Medicaid services will begin on the date that the hospital determines the individual to be presumptively eligible and will continue through the date that AHCCCS issues a determination on that application. All persons determined
presumptively eligible for AHCCCS will be enrolled with AHCCCS Fee-For-Service for the duration of the HPE eligibility period. If a member made eligible via HPE is subsequently determined eligible for AHCCCS via the full application
process, Prior Period Coverage for the member will also be covered by AHCCCS Fee-For-Service, and the member will be enrolled with the Contractor only on a prospective basis.      

4  
  SCOPE OF SERVICES         
   The Contractor s ability to ensure the delivery of services requires a
complete and thorough understanding of the intricate, multi-layered service delivery system in order to create a system of care that addresses the member s needs. The type, amount, duration, scope of services and method of service delivery
depends on a wide variety of factors including:      

4.1.2 
 Covered services benefit package,        

The Contractor is required to comply with all terms in this Contract and all
applicable requirements in each document, guide and manual, however, particular attention to requirements for effective service delivery should be paid to the following:      

4.1.6 
 AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide,        

4.1.7 
 ADHS/DBHS Policy and Procedures Manual,        

4.1.8 
 AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM), and        

4.1.9 
 AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual (ACOM).        

4.2  
  General Requirements for the System of Care       Regardless of the type, amount, duration,
scope, service delivery method and population served, Contractor s service delivery system shall incorporate the following elements:      

4.2.1 
 Coordinate and provide access to quality health care services informed by evidence-based practice guidelines in a cost effective manner.    

4.2.2 
 Coordinate and provide access to quality health care services that are culturally and linguistically appropriate, maximize personal and family voice and choice, and incorporate a trauma-informed care approach.

4.2.3 
 Coordinate and provide access to preventive and health promotion services, including wellness services.    
      35  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.2.4 
 Coordinate and provide access to comprehensive care coordination and transitional care across settings; follow-up from inpatient to other settings; participation in discharge planning; and facilitating transfer from the
children s system to the adult system of health care.        

4.2.5 
 Coordinate and provide access to chronic disease management support, including self-management support.        

4.2.6 
 Coordinate and provide access to peer and family delivered support services.        

4.2.7 
 Develop service plans that maximize personal and family voice and choice.        

4.2.8 
 Coordinate and integrate clinical and non-clinical health-care related needs and services.        

4.2.9 
 Implement health information technology to link services, facilitate communication among treating professionals, and between the health team and individual and family caregivers.    

4.2.10 
 Deliver services by providers that are appropriately licensed or certified, operating within their scope of practice, and registered as an AHCCCS provider.    

4.2.11 
 Apply the same standard of care for all members, regardless of the member s eligibility category.        

4.2.12 
 Deliver services that are sufficient in amount, duration and scope to reasonably be expected to achieve the purpose for which the services are furnished.    

4.2.13 
 Not arbitrarily deny or reduce the amount, duration, or scope of a required service solely because of diagnosis, type of illness, or condition of the member, 42 CFR 438.210 (a)(3) (iii).    

4.2.14 
 Have the discretion to place appropriate limits on a service on the basis of criteria such as medical necessity or for utilization control, provided the services furnished can reasonably be expected to achieve their
purpose, 42 CFR 438.210(a)(3)(i) and (iii)) and 42 CFR 438.210(a) (4).        

4.2.15 
 Notify AHCCCS if, on the basis of moral or religious grounds, it elects to not provide or reimburse for a covered service. The Contractor may propose a solution to allow members  access to the services. AHCCCS
does not intend to offer the services on a Fee-For-Service basis to the Contractor s enrollees. If AHCCCS does not approve the Contractor s proposed solution, AHCCCS will disenroll members who are seeking these services from the
Contractor and assign them to another Contractor, 42 CFR 438.56. That proposal must:        

4.2.15.1 
 Be submitted to AHCCCS in writing prior to entering into a contract with AHCCCS or at least 60 days prior to the intended effective date of the change in the scope of services based on moral or religious grounds;

4.2.15.2 
 Place no financial or administrative burden on AHCCCS;        

4.2.15.3 
 Place no significant burden on members  access to the services;        

4.2.15.5 
 Acknowledge an adjustment to Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements, depending on the nature of the proposed solution.    
      36  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.2.16 
 If AHCCCS approves the Contractor s proposed solution for its members to access the services, the Contractor must notify members how to access these services when directed by AHCCCS. The notification and
policy must be consistent with the provisions of, 42 CFR 438.10, must be provided to newly assigned members within 12 days of enrollment, and must be provided to all current members at least 30 days prior to the effective date of the approved
policy, 42 CFR 438.102(a)(2).        

4.2.17 
 Require subcontracted providers to offer the services described in the Contract Section on, Health Education and Health Promotion Services.    

4.2.18 
 Require covered services to be medically necessary and cost effective and to be provided by or coordinated by a primary care provider except for annual well woman exams, behavioral health and children s dental
services, and consistent with the terms of the demonstration, covered services must be provided by or coordinated with a primary care provider.        

4.2.19 
 Provide covered services to members in accordance with all applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including those listed by reference in attachments and this Contract.    

4.2.20 
 Create and submit to AHCCCS according to instructions provided by AHCCCS, a System of Care Plan that contains both Children s and Adult System of Care Sections with the following:    

4.2.20.1 
 Action steps and measurable outcomes that are aligned with the goals and objectives in the statewide AHCCCS Annual System of Care Plan;    

4.2.20.2 
 Identifies and addresses regional needs and incorporates region-wide program specific goals and objectives; and        

4.2.20.3 
 Incorporates changes to the service delivery system based upon recommendations from the annual System of Care planning process that has Contractor, member, family member and other community stakeholder attendance and
input.        

4.2.21 
 Submit to AHCCCS for approval, case manager ratio plans based on national standards that will take into account member acuity, legal, and environmental needs.    

4.2.22 
 Implement Adult Clinical Teams consistent with Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration (SAMHSA) Best Practices.        

4.2.23 
 Ensure that its providers, acting within the lawful scope of their practice, are not prohibited or otherwise restricted from communicating freely with members regarding their health care, medical needs and treatment
options, even if needed services are not covered by the Contractor, 42 CFR 438.102:        

4.2.23.2 
 Information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options;        

4.2.23.3 
 The risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or non-treatment; and        

4.2.23.4 
 The member s right to participate in decisions regarding his or her behavioral health care, including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions, 42 CFR
438.100(b)(2)(iv).        

4.2.24 
 Deliver covered health services in accordance with the requirements of any other funding source.    
      37  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.3  
  Behavioral Health Covered Services       The Contractor shall ensure the delivery of
medically necessary and clinically appropriate covered behavioral health services to eligible members in conformance with the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide.      

4.4  
  Behavioral Health Service Delivery Approach       The Contractor shall:  

4.4.1 
 Provide each member with a behavioral health assessment in accordance with AMPM Policy 320-O.        

4.4.2 
 Develop and revise the member s individual service plan in conformance with AMPM Policy 320-O.        

4.4.3 
 Make referrals to service providers.        

4.4.4 
 Coordinate care as described in Contract Section on, Care Coordination.        

4.4.5 
 Develop and implement transition, discharge and aftercare plans for each person prior to discontinuation of covered services.        

4.4.6 
 Require subcontractors and providers to actively engage and involve family members in service planning and service delivery.        

4.4.7 
 Submit all deliverables related to Behavioral Health Service Delivery Approach in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.5  
  Behavioral Health Services for Adult Members       The Contractor shall:  

4.5.1 
 Ensure services are delivered to adults in conformance with Exhibit-6, Nine Guiding Principles for Recovery-Oriented Adult Behavioral Health Services and Systems.    

4.5.2 
 Utilize the American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM) Criteria (Third Edition, 2013) in substance use disorder assessments, service planning, and level of care placement. See also AMPM 320-O.    

4.5.3 
 Implement Supported Employment.        

4.5.4 
 The Contractor shall participate in Community Collaborative Care Teams with DES/DDD and submit deliverables related to members involved in Community Collaborative Care Teams in accordance with AMPM Policy 570 and
Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      38  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.6  
  Behavioral Health Services for Child Members       The Contractor shall ensure:  

4.6.1 
 Delivery of services to children in conformance with the following:        

4.6.1.1.1 
 Support and Rehabilitation Services for Children, Adolescents and Young Adults;        

4.6.1.1.2 
 Family and Youth Involvement in the Children s Behavioral Health System;        

4.6.1.1.3 
 The Unique Behavioral Health Service Needs of Children, Youth and Families Involved with Department of Child Safety (DCS) (formerly known as CPS);    

4.6.1.2 
 The Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery as outlined in AMPM Policy 430;        

4.6.2 
 The Contractor shall comply with established caseload ratios for case managers assigned to serve children identified as having high/complex needs.    

4.6.3 
 The Contractor shall utilize a network of generalist support and rehabilitation providers.        

4.6.4 
 The Contractor shall utilize Home Care Training to the Home Care Client (HCTC) as an alternative to more restrictive levels of care when clinically indicated.    

4.6.5 
 The Contractor shall implement AHCCCS  method for in-depth review of Child and Family Team (CFT) practice.        

4.6.6 
 The Contractor shall utilize acuity measure instruments as directed by AHCCCS.        

4.6.7 
 Implement service delivery models as directed by AHCCCS.        

4.6.8 
 Specific Requirements for Services for Behavioral Health Services for persons in legal custody of the Department of Child Safety (DCS) and adopted children:    

4.6.8.1 
 Upon notification by Department of Child Safety that a child has been taken into custody, the Contractor shall ensure that each child and family is referred for ongoing behavioral health services for a period of at
least six months unless services are refused by the guardian or the child is no longer in Department of Child Safety custody.        

4.6.8.2 
 A minimum of one monthly documented service is required. Services must be provided to:        

39  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.6.9 
 The Contractor shall report to AHCCCS information regarding members who are in Department of Child Safety custody and have not yet been engaged in behavioral health services. DCS will provide a monthly listing of
children placed in Department of Child Safety (DCS) custody. The Contractor shall compare the DCS report with the Contractor s own listing of DCS children receiving a rapid response service. For any identified members in Department of Child
Safety custody who have not been engaged in behavioral health services, the Contractor shall ensure that a rapid response service is delivered. The Contractor shall submit to AHCCCS a monthly Department of Child Safety Rapid Response Monthly
Reconciliation Report as outlined in ACOM Policy 449 and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.6.10 
 Member Advisory Council: To promote a collaborative effort to enhance the service delivery system for members in out-of-home placement and adoptive care, the Contractor shall establish a Member Advisory Council to
provide input and feedback on Policy and Programs focused on addressing the needs of members in out-of-home placement and adopted members. The Member Advisory Council shall meet at least quarterly and include a cross representation membership as
described in ACOM Policy 449. On an annual basis, the Contractor shall submit a Member Advisory Council Plan to DHCM as specified in in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, outlining the schedule of meetings, goals and objectives. See ACOM Policy 449 for
additional requirements.        

4.6.11 
 The Contractor shall designate key staff and streamline communication as delineated in Contract Section, Administrative requirements and ACOM Policy 449.    

4.6.12 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables regarding member s access to behavioral health services and provider requests to terminate as outlined in ACOM Policy 449 and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.

4.6.13 
 The Contractor shall participate in Community Collaborative Care Teams with DES/DDD and submit deliverables related to members involved in Community Collaborative Care Teams in accordance with AMPM Policy 570 and
Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.6.14 
 The Contractor must submit a quarterly narrative and data summary (Behavioral Health Utilization and Timeframes for CMDP Members deliverable) that specifically addresses successes and barriers associated with behavioral
health service delivery to CMDP members. Data elements should include utilization data as well as any identified trends related to CMDP members, including but not limited to quality of care, access, timeliness, and availability.    

4.6.15 
 The Contractor shall submit all deliverables regarding Behavioral Health Services for Child Members in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

4.7  
  Physical Health Care Covered Services       The Contractor shall:  

4.7.1 
 The Contractor, when medically necessary, shall ensure the delivery of the following physical health care services to SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services:    

4.7.2 
 Ambulatory Surgery includes surgical services for either emergency or scheduled surgeries when provided in an ambulatory or outpatient setting, such as a freestanding surgical center or a hospital-based outpatient
surgical setting.    
      40  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.3 
 Anti-hemophilic Agents and Related Services include services for the treatment of hemophilia Von Willebrand s disease, and Gaucher s Disease.    

4.7.4 
 Audiology includes medically necessary audiology services to evaluate hearing loss for all members, on both an inpatient and outpatient basis. Hearing aids are covered only for members, age 18 through 20 receiving Early
and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) services.        

4.7.5 
 Chiropractic Services includes chiropractic services to members age 18 through 20 in order to ameliorate the member s medical condition, subject to limitations specified in 42 CFR 410.21, for Qualified Medicare
Beneficiaries, regardless of age, if prescribed by the member s primary care provider (PCP) and approved by the Contractor.        

4.7.6 
 Dialysis includes medically necessary dialysis, hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, hemoperfusion, supplies, diagnostic testing and medication for all members when provided by Medicare-certified hospitals or
Medicare-certified end stage renal disease (ESRD) providers. Services may be provided on an outpatient basis or on an inpatient basis if the hospital admission is not solely to provide chronic dialysis services.    

4.7.7 
 Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) The Contractor shall provide comprehensive health care services through primary prevention, early intervention, diagnosis and medically necessary treatment
to correct or ameliorate defects and physical or mental illnesses discovered by the screenings for members under age 21. The Contractor shall ensure that these members receive required health screenings including a comprehensive history,
developmental and behavioral health screenings, comprehensive unclothed physical examination, appropriate vision testing, hearing testing, laboratory tests, dental screenings and immunizations in compliance with the AHCCCS EPSDT periodicity
schedule, and the AHCCCS dental periodicity schedule (Exhibit 430-1 and 430-1A in the AMPM), including appropriate oral health screening intended to identify oral pathology, including tooth decay and/or oral lesions, and the application of fluoride
varnish conducted by a physician, physician s assistant or nurse practitioner. The Contractor shall submit all applicable EPSDT reports as required by the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. EPSDT providers must document immunizations into the
Arizona State Immunization Information System (ASIIS) and enroll every year in the Vaccine for Children (VFC) program.        

4.7.8 
 Early Detection Health Risk Assessment, Screening, Treatment and Primary Prevention includes primary prevention health education and health care services through screening, diagnostic and medically necessary treatment
for members 21 years of age and older. These services include, but are not limited to, screening and treatment for hypertension; elevated cholesterol; colon cancer; sexually transmitted diseases; tuberculosis; HIV/AIDS; breast and cervical cancer;
and prostate cancer. Nutritional assessment and treatment are covered when medically necessary to meet the over and under nutritional needs of members who may have a chronic debilitating disease. Physical examinations, diagnostic work-ups and
medically necessary immunizations are also covered in accordance with A.A.C. R9-22-205.        

4.7.9 
 Well Exams: Well visits, such as, but not limited to, well woman exams, breast exams, and prostate exams are covered for members 21 years of age and older. For members under 21 years of age, AHCCCS continues to cover
medically necessary services under the EPSDT Program.    
      41  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.10 
 Emergency Services include emergency services specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual Policy and, at a minimum, as follows:        

4.7.10.1 
 Emergency services facilities adequately staffed by qualified medical professionals to provide pre-hospital, emergency care on a 24 hour a day, seven day a week basis, for an emergency medical condition as defined by
A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 22, Article 1;        

4.7.10.2 
 Emergency medical services are covered without prior authorization;        

4.7.10.3 
 All medical services necessary to rule out an emergency condition;        

4.7.11.1 
 Be financially responsible for all emergency medical services including triage, physician assessment and diagnostic tests, when members present in an emergency room setting;    

4.7.11.2 
 Reimburse ambulance transportation and/or other medically necessary transportation provided to a member. Refer to ACOM Policy 432;        

4.7.11.3 
 Cover the cost of ambulance transportation and/or other medically necessary transportation provided to a member who requires behavioral services after medical stabilization;    

4.7.11.4 
 Cover cost for medically necessary professional psychiatric consultations in either emergency room or inpatient settings; and        

4.7.11.5 
 Cover and pay for emergency services regardless of whether the provider that furnishes the service has a subcontract with the Contractor.    

4.7.12 
 The Contractor may not deny payment for treatment obtained under either of the following circumstances for TXIX/XXI members:        

4.7.12.1 
 A member had an emergency medical condition, including cases in which the absence of medical attention would not have resulted in the outcomes identified in the definition of emergency medical condition under, 42 CFR
438.114; or        

4.7.12.2 
 Contractor s representative, an employee or subcontracting provider, instructs the member to seek emergency medical services.        

4.7.13 
 The Contractor may not limit what constitutes an emergency medical condition as defined in, 42 CFR 438.114, on the basis of lists of diagnoses or symptoms.    

4.7.14 
   The Contractor may not refuse to cover emergency services based on the failure of the emergency room provider,
hospital, or fiscal agent to notify the Contractor of the member s screening and treatment within 10 calendar days of presentation for emergency services. Claims submission by the hospital within 10 calendar
    
      42  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

days of presentation for the emergency services constitutes notice to the Contractor. This notification requirement applies only to the provision of emergency services.    

4.7.15 
 The Contractor may not require notification of Emergency Department treat and release visits as a condition of payment unless the Contractor has prior approval from AHCCCS.    

4.7.16 
 The Contractor may not hold a member who has an emergency medical condition liable for payment of subsequent screening and treatment needed to diagnose the specific condition or stabilize the patient. The attending
emergency physician, or the provider actually treating the member, is responsible for determining when the member is sufficiently stabilized for transfer or discharge, and such determination is binding on the Contractor responsible for coverage and
payment. The Contractor shall comply with Medicaid Managed Care guidelines regarding the coordination of poststabilization care.        

4.7.17 
 Family Planning includes family planning services in accordance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual and consistent with the terms of the demonstration, for all members (male and female) who choose to delay or prevent
pregnancy. These include medical, surgical, pharmacological, laboratory services, and contraceptive devices. Information and counseling, which allow members to make informed decisions regarding family planning methods, shall also be included. If the
Contractor does not provide family planning services, it must subcontract for these services through another health care delivery system.        

4.7.18 
 Foot and Ankle Services for members age 18 through 20 includes foot and ankle care services for members age 18 through 20 to include bunionectomies, casting for the purpose of constructing or accommodating orthotics,
medically necessary orthopedic shoes that are an integral part of a brace, and medically necessary routine foot care for patients with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a nonprofessional person.    

4.7.19 
 Foot and Ankle Services for member age 21 and older includes foot and ankle care services to include wound care, treatment of pressure ulcers, fracture care, reconstructive surgeries, and limited bunionectomy services.
Medically necessary routine foot care services are only available for members with a severe systemic disease that prohibits care by a nonprofessional person as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

4.7.20 
 Pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2907, podiatry services performed by a podiatrist licensed pursuant to A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 7 are covered for members when ordered by a primary care physician or primary care
practitioner.        

4.7.21 
 Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) includes Assisted Living facility, alternative residential setting, or home and community based services as defined in A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 22, Article 2 and A.A.C.
Title, 9, Chapter 28, Article 2 that meet the provider standards described in A.A.C. Title, 9, Chapter 28, Article 5, and subject to the limitations set forth in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. These services are covered in lieu of a nursing
facility.        

4.7.22 
 Home Health Services includes services provided under the direction of a physician to prevent hospitalization or institutionalization and may include nursing, therapies, supplies and home health aide services provided
on a part-time or intermittent basis. The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) for home health care
services provided by an agency or organization, unless AHCCCS Provider Registration verifies compliance with the surety bond requirements specified in Sections 1861(o)(7) and 1903(i)(18) of the Social Security Act. iv     
      43  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.23 
 Hospice includes covered services for members that are certified by a physician as being terminally ill and having six months or less to live. Additional detail on covered hospice services is contained in AHCCCS Medical
Policy Manual.        

4.7.24 
 Hospital inpatient services include semi-private accommodations for routine care, intensive and coronary care, surgical care, obstetrics and newborn nurseries, and behavioral health emergency/crisis services. If the
member s medical condition requires isolation, private inpatient accommodations are covered. Nursing services, dietary services and ancillary services such as laboratory, radiology, pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, blood and blood
derivatives, etc. are also covered. Outpatient hospital services include any of the above services which may be appropriately provided on an outpatient or ambulatory basis such as laboratory, radiology, therapies and ambulatory surgery. Observation
services may be provided on an outpatient basis, if determined reasonable and necessary to decide whether the member should be admitted for inpatient care. Observation services include the use of a bed and periodic monitoring by hospital nursing
staff and other staff to evaluate, stabilize or treat medical conditions of a significant degree of instability and disability. Additional detail on limitations on hospital stays is contained in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

4.7.25 
 Immunizations include immunizations for adults age 21 years and older including but not limited to: medically necessary diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis vaccine (DTap), influenza, pneumococcus, rubella, measles and
hepatitis-B and others as medically indicated. Immunizations for members age 18 through twenty 20 include, but are not limited to: diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis vaccine (DTaP), inactivated polio vaccine (IPV), measles, mumps, rubella vaccine (MMR),
H. influenza, type B (HIB), hepatitis B (Hep B), hepatitis A (Hep A), Human Pappiloma virus (HPV) through age 20 for both males and females, pneumococcal conjugate (PCV) and varicella zoster virus (VZV) vaccine. Additional detail on current
immunization requirements is contained in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.        

4.7.26 
 Incontinence Briefs: In general, incontinence briefs (diapers) are not covered for members unless medically necessary to treat a medical condition. However, for AHCCCS members over three years of age and under 21 years
of age incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence pads, are also covered to prevent skin breakdown and to enable participation in social community, therapeutic, and educational activities under limited circumstances. In addition,
effective December 15, 2014 for members in the ALTCS Program who are 21 years of age and older, incontinence briefs, including pull-ups and incontinence pads are also covered in order to prevent skin breakdown as outlined in AMPM Policy 310-P.
See A.A.C. R9-22-212 and AMPM Chapters 300 and 400.        

4.7.27 
 Laboratory including laboratory services for diagnostic, screening and monitoring purposes are covered when ordered by the member s PCP, other attending physician or dentist, and provided by a CLIA (Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Act) approved free-standing laboratory or hospital laboratory, clinic, physician office or other health care facility laboratory. Upon written request, the Contractor may obtain laboratory test data on members from a
laboratory or hospital-based laboratory subject to the requirements specified in A.R.S.  36-2903(Q) and (R). The data shall be used exclusively for quality improvement activities and health care outcome studies required and approved by AHCCCS.
   
      44  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.28 
 Maternity includes pre-conception counseling, pregnancy identification, prenatal care, treatment of pregnancy related conditions, labor and delivery services, and postpartum care for members. Services may be provided by
physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, certified nurse midwives, or licensed midwives. Additional details for maternity services are contained in Scope of Work Section on, Maternity Care Provider Standards. The Contractor shall allow
women to receive up to 48 hours of inpatient hospital care after a routine vaginal delivery and up to 96 hours of inpatient care after a cesarean delivery. The attending health care provider, in consultation with the mother, may discharge the mother
prior to the minimum length of stay. The Contractor shall inform all pregnant members of voluntary prenatal HIV testing and the availability of medical counseling if the test is positive. The Contractor shall provide information in the member
handbook and annually in the member newsletter, to encourage pregnant women to be tested and instructions about where to be tested. Semi-annually, the Contractor shall report to ADHS, the number of pregnant women who have been identified as
HIV/AIDS-positive. This report is due no later than 15 days after the end of the second and fourth quarters of the Contract Year. Members who transition to a new Contractor or become enrolled during their third trimester must be allowed to complete
maternity care with their current AHCCCS registered provider, regardless of contractual status, to ensure continuity of care.        

4.7.29 
 Medical Foods includes foods subject to the limitations defined in the AMPM for members diagnosed with a metabolic condition included under the ADHS Newborn Screen Program and specified in the AMPM. The medical foods,
including metabolic formula and modified low protein foods, must be prescribed or ordered under the supervision of a physician.        

4.7.30 
 Medical Supplies, Durable Medical Equipment (DME), and Prosthetic Devices: includes services prescribed by the member s PCP, attending physician or practitioner, or by a dentist as described in the AHCCCS Medical
Policy Manual. Prosthetic devices must be medically necessary and meet criteria as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. For persons age 21 or older, AHCCCS will not pay for microprocessor controlled lower limbs and microprocessor
controlled joints for lower limbs. Medical equipment may be rented or purchased only if other sources are not available which provide the items at no cost. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase price of the item. Reasonable
repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit and include exclusions as stated in AMPM Chapter 300.    

4.7.31 
 Nursing Facility includes services in nursing facilities, including religious non-medical health care institutions for members who require short-term convalescent care not to exceed 90 days per Contract Year. In lieu of
a nursing facility, the member may be placed in an assisted living facility, an alternative residential setting, or receive home and community based services as defined in 4.7.22 above and the Scope of Work, Section on, Physical Health Care Covered
Services.        

4.7.32 
 Nursing facility services must be provided in a dually-certified Medicare/Medicaid nursing facility, which includes in the per-diem rate: nursing services; basic patient care equipment and sickroom supplies; dietary
services; administrative physician visits; non-customized DME; necessary maintenance and rehabilitation therapies; over-the-counter medications; social, recreational and spiritual activities; and administrative, operational medical direction
services. Additional detail on Nursing Facility Reimbursement is contained in the Scope of Work.    
      45  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.33 
 The Contractor shall notify the Assistant Director of the Division of Member Services, by Email, when a member has been residing in a nursing facility, alternative residential facility or receiving home and community
based services for 45 days. This will allow AHCCCS time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS application and to consider potential Fee-For-Service coverage, if the stay goes beyond the 90 day per contract year maximum. The notice should be sent
via e-mail to  HealthPlan45DayNotice@azahcccs.gov  and must include the following:        

4.7.34 
  Nutrition  includes nutritional assessments conducted as a part of the EPSDT screenings for members age 18 through 20, and to assist members 21 years of age and older whose health status may improve with over and
under nutritional intervention. Assessment of nutritional status on a periodic basis may be provided as determined necessary, and as a part of the health risk assessment and screening services provided by the member s PCP. Assessments may also
be provided by a registered dietitian when ordered by the member s PCP. Nutritional therapy on an enteral, parenteral or oral basis, when determined medically necessary to provide either complete daily dietary requirements or to supplement a
member s daily nutritional and caloric intake is covered according to criteria specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.        

4.7.35 
 Oral Health includes medically necessary dental services for members, age 18 through 20, including emergency dental services, dental screening and preventive services in accordance with the AHCCCS Dental Periodicity
Schedule, as well as therapeutic dental services, dentures, and pre-transplantation dental services.      The Contractor shall:

4.7.35.1 
 Monitor compliance with the AHCCCS Dental Periodicity Schedule for dental screening services;        

4.7.35.2 
 Ensure that members are notified in writing when dental screenings are due if the member has not been scheduled for a visit. If a dental screening is not received by the member, a second written notice must be sent.
Members age 18 through 20 may request dental services without referral and may choose a dental provider within the Contractor s provider network;        

4.7.35.3 
 For members 21 years of age and older, the Contractor shall cover medical and surgical services furnished by a dentist only to the extent such services may be performed under state law either by a physician or by a
dentist in conformance with A.A.C. R9-22-207. These services would be considered physician services if furnished by a physician; and        

4.7.35.4 
 Refer to the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual for additional detail on oral health dental services that are covered for pre-transplant candidates and for members with cancer of the jaw, neck or head.    
      46  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.36 
  Orthotics,  Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS members under the age of 21 as outlined in AMPM Policy 430. Orthotics are covered for AHCCCS members 21 years of age and older if all of the following apply:

4.7.36.1 
 The use of the orthotic is medically necessary as the preferred treatment option and consistent with Medicare guidelines;        

4.7.36.2 
 The orthotic is less expensive than all other treatment options or surgical procedures to treat the same diagnosed condition; and        

4.7.36.3 
 The orthotic is ordered by a physician or primary care practitioner.      Medical equipment may be
rented or purchased only if other sources, which provide the items at no cost, are not available. The total cost of the rental must not exceed the purchase price of the item. Reasonable repairs or adjustments of purchased equipment are covered for
all members to make the equipment serviceable and/or when the repair cost is less than renting or purchasing another unit. The component will be replaced if at the time authorization is sought documentation is provided to establish that the
component is not operating effectively.      

4.7.37 
  Physician  includes physician services for medical assessment, treatments and surgical services provided by licensed allopathic or osteopathic physicians.    

4.7.38 
  Poststabilization Care Services Coverage and Payment  includes services, related to an emergency medical condition, provided after the member s condition is sufficiently stabilized in order to maintain,
improve or resolve the member s condition so that the member could be safely discharged or transferred to another location, 42 CFR 438-114(a). Pursuant to A.A.C. R9-22-210 and [42 CFR 438.114; 42 CFR 422.113(c) and 42 CFR 422.133], the
following conditions apply for coverage and payment of poststabilization care services, except where otherwise stated in this Contract. Cover and pay for poststabilization care services without authorization, regardless of whether the provider that
delivers the service has a subcontract with the Contractor, as follows:        

4.7.38.1 
 Poststabilization care services were pre-approved by the Contractor; or        

4.7.38.2 
 Poststabilization care services were not pre-approved by the Contractor because the Contractor did not respond to the treating provider s request for pre-approval within one hour after the treating provider s
request or could not be contacted for pre-approval.        

4.7.39 
 In situations when the Contractor representative and the treating physician cannot reach agreement concerning the member s care and a Contractor physician is not available for consultation, the Contractor must give
the treating physician the opportunity to consult with a Contractor physician and the treating physician may continue with care of the patient until a Contractor physician is reached or one of the criteria in, 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3) is met.
   
      47  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.40 
 Pursuant to, 42 CFR 422.113(c)(3), the Contractor s financial responsibility for poststabilization care services that have not been pre-approved ends when:    

4.7.40.1 
 A Contractor physician with privileges at the treating hospital assumes responsibility for the member s care;        

4.7.40.2 
 A Contractor physician assumes responsibility for the member s care through transfer;        

4.7.40.3 
 A Contractor representative and the treating physician reach an agreement concerning the member s care; or        

4.7.41 
   Pregnancy Termination   ,  includes pregnancy termination coverage if the pregnant member suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life endangering physical
condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the member in danger of death unless the pregnancy is terminated, or the pregnancy is a result of rape or incest. The attending physician must
acknowledge that a pregnancy termination has been determined medically necessary by submitting the Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination. This certificate must be submitted to the Contractor s Medical Director and meet the
requirements specified in the AMPM and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The Certificate must certify that, in the physician s professional judgment, the criteria have been met.    

4.7.42 
  Prescription Medications,  includes medications ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist subject to limitations
related to prescription supply amounts, Contractor formularies and prior authorization requirements. An appropriate over-the-counter medication may be prescribed as defined in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual when it is determined to be a lower-cost
alternative to a prescription medication. Additional detail is contained in Scope of Work Section on, Medications. Additional detail for coverage of Medicare Part D prescription medications is contained in Scope of Work, Sections on, Medicare
Services and Cost Sharing and Medicare Part D. The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM Policy 310-V.        

4.7.43 
    340B Drug Pricing Program : All federally reimbursable drugs identified in the 340B Drug Pricing Program are required to be billed at the lesser of: 1) the actual acquisition cost of the drug or 2) the 340B
ceiling price. The Contractor shall ensure that these drugs be reimbursed at the lesser of the two amounts above plus a professional (dispensing) fee. See Laws 2016, Second Regular Session, Chapter 122, A.R.S.  36-2930.03, and A.A.C.
R9-22-710 (C) for further details. The 340B drug pricing program includes:         

Eligible Organizations and Covered
Entities   
    
    Effective Date    

Drugs dispensed by FQHC/RHC and FQHC Look-Alike 340B pharmacies 
    
 Already implemented  

Drugs dispensed by other 340B covered entities 
    
 Effective the later of January 1, 2017 or upon CMS approval  

Drugs administered by 340B entity providers (including drugs administered by physicians) 
    
 To Be Determined during CYE 17   

      48  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Drugs dispensed by licensed hospitals and outpatient facilities that are owned or operated by a licensed hospital 
    
 Excluded from 340B reimbursement mandate at this time  

Drugs administered by providers in licensed hospital and outpatient facilities that are owned or operated by a licensed hospital. 
    
 Excluded from 340B reimbursement mandate at this time  

4.7.43.1 
 The Contractor is required to comply with any changes to reimbursement methodology for 340B entities.        

4.7.43.2 
   Pharmaceutical Rebates:   The Contractor, including the Contractor s Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM), is prohibited from negotiating any rebates with drug manufacturers for preferred or other
pharmaceutical products when AHCCCS has a supplemental rebate contract for the product(s). A listing of products covered under supplemental rebate agreements will be available on the AHCCCS website under the Pharmacy Information section.

4.7.43.3 
 If the Contractor or its PBM has an existing rebate agreement with a manufacturer, all outpatient drug claims, including provider-administered drugs for which AHCCCS is obtaining supplemental rebates, must be exempt
from such rebate agreements. For pharmacy related encounter data information see the Contract Section on, Encounter Data Reporting.        

4.7.43.4 
   Medicare Part D  : AHCCCS covers federally reimbursable drugs ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed by or under the direction of a licensed pharmacist in
accordance with Arizona State Board of Pharmacy Rules and Regulations, subject to limitations related to prescription supply amounts, and the Contractor s prior authorization requirements if they are excluded from Medicare Part D coverage.
Medications that are covered by Part D, but are not on a specific Part D Health Plan s formulary are not considered excluded drugs and are not covered by AHCCCS. This applies to members who are enrolled in Medicare Part D or are eligible for
Medicare Part D. See AMPM Chapter 300, Section 310-V.        

4.7.44 
 Primary Care Provider (PCP) includes those medically necessary covered services provided by a physician, physician assistant or nurse practitioner selected by, or assigned to, the member. The PCP provides primary health
care and serves as a coordinator in referring the member for specialty medical services, 42 CFR 438.208(b). The PCP is responsible for maintaining the member s primary medical record, which contains documentation of all health risk assessments
and health care services of which they are aware whether or not they were provided by the PCP.        

4.7.45 
 Radiology and Medical Imaging includes medically necessary services ordered by the member s PCP, attending physician or dentist for diagnosis, prevention, treatment, or assessment of a medical condition.
   
      49  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.7.46 
 Rehabilitation Therapy includes occupational, physical and speech therapies prescribed by the member s PCP or attending physician for acute health condition and the member must have the potential for improvement
due to the rehabilitation. Occupational and Speech therapy is covered for all members receiving inpatient hospital or nursing facility services.        

4.7.47 
 Occupational Therapy and Speech therapy services provided on an outpatient basis are only covered for members age 18 through 20. Physical Therapy is covered for all members in both inpatient and outpatient settings.
Outpatient physical therapy under the age of 21 is subject to visit limits per contract year as described in the AMPM .          

4.7.48 
 Respiratory Therapy includes respiratory therapy services covered in inpatient and outpatient settings when prescribed by the member s PCP or attending physician, and is necessary to restore, maintain or improve
respiratory functioning.        

4.7.49 
 Transplantation of Organs and Tissue, and Related Immunosuppressant Drugs includes services covered subject to the limitations in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual for members diagnosed with specified medical conditions.
Services include: pre-transplant inpatient or outpatient evaluation; donor search; organ/tissue harvesting or procurement; preparation and transplantation services; and convalescent care. In addition, if a member receives a transplant covered by a
source other than AHCCCS, medically necessary non-experimental services are provided, within limitations, after the discharge from the physical health care hospitalization for the transplantation. AHCCCS maintains specialty contracts with
transplantation facility providers for the Contractor s use or the Contractor may select its own transplantation provider.        

4.7.50 
 Transportation includes emergency and non-emergency medically necessary transportation. Emergency transportation, including transportation initiated by an emergency response system such as 911, may be provided by
ground, air or water ambulance to manage a member s emergency medical condition at an emergency scene and to transport the member to the nearest appropriate medical facility. Non-emergency transportation shall be provided for members who are
unable to provide their own transportation for covered services. The Contractor shall ensure that members have coordinated, reliable, medically necessary transportation to ensure members arrive on-time for regularly scheduled appointments and are
picked up upon completion of the entire scheduled treatment.        

4.7.51 
  Treat and Refer : Interaction with an individual who has accessed 911 or a similar public emergency dispatch number, but whose illness or injury does not require ambulance transport to an emergency department
based on the clinical information available at that time. The interaction must include: (1) documentation of an appropriate clinical and/or social evaluation, (2) a treatment/referral plan for accessing social, behavioral, and/or
healthcare services that address the patient s immediate needs, and (3) evidence of efforts to follow-up with the patient to ascertain adherence with the treatment plan, and (4) documentation of efforts to assess customer satisfaction
with the treat and refer visit. Treat and Refer standing orders shall be consistent with medical necessity and consider patient preference when the clinical condition allows.    

4.7.52 
   Triage/Screening and Evaluation includes services provided by physical health care hospitals, IHS facilities,
tribally owned and/or operated 638 facility and after-hours settings to determine whether or not an emergency exists, to assess the severity of the member s medical condition and determine services necessary to
    
      50  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

alleviate or stabilize the emergent condition. Triage/screening services must be reasonable, cost effective and meet the criteria for severity of illness and intensity of service.

4.7.53 
 Vision Services/Ophthalmology/Optometry includes all medically necessary emergency eye care, vision examinations, prescriptive lenses and frames, and treatments for conditions of the eye for all members age 18 to
through 20. For members who are 21 years of age and older, the Contractor shall provide emergency care for eye conditions which meet the definition of an emergency medical condition, cataract removal, and medically necessary vision examinations and
prescriptive lenses and frames, if required following cataract removal and other eye conditions as described in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual. Members shall have full freedom to choose, within the Contractor s network, a practitioner in the
field of eye care, acting within the scope of their practice, to provide the examination, care or treatment for which the member is eligible. A practitioner in the field of eye care is defined to be either an ophthalmologist or an optometrist.

4.7.54 
 Submit all deliverables related to Physical Health Care Covered Services in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.8  
  Integrated Health Care Service Delivery for SMI Members       The Contractor shall
incorporate the following elements into its integrated health care service delivery system approach:      

4.8.1 
 A treatment team, which includes a psychiatrist or equivalent behavioral health medical professional and an assigned primary care physician with an identified single point of contact;    

4.8.2 
 Member and family voice and choice;        

4.8.6 
 Effective use of a comprehensive Care Management Program as described in, Contract Sections on, Care Management Program Goals, and Care Management Program General Requirements;    

4.8.7 
 Coordination of care as described in Contract Section on, Care Coordination;        

4.8.8 
 Health education and health promotion services described in the Contract Section on, Health Education and Health Promotion Services;    

4.8.9 
 Improved whole health outcomes of members;        

4.8.10 
 Utilize peer and family delivered support services;        

4.8.11 
 Make referrals to appropriate community and social support services; and        

4.8.12 
 Utilize health information technology to link services.        

4.8.13 
 Maximize the use of existing behavioral and physical health infrastructure including:        

4.8.13.2 
 Primary Care Providers currently serving SMI members,    
      51  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.9  
  Health Education and Health Promotion Services       The Contractor shall provide:  

4.9.1 
 Assistance and education for appropriate use of health care services;        

4.9.2 
 Assistance and education about health risk-reduction and healthy lifestyle choices including tobacco cessation;        

4.9.3 
 Screening for tobacco use with the Ask, Advise, and Refer model and refer to the Arizona Smokers Helpline utilizing the proactive referral process;    

4.9.4 
 Education to SMI members to access Contractor s Nurse call service;        

4.9.5 
 Assistance and education for self-care and management of health conditions, including wellness coaching;        

4.9.6 
 Assistance and education for EPSDT services for members including education and health promotion for dental/oral health services;        

4.9.7 
 Assistance and education about maternity care programs and services for pregnant women including family planning; and        

4.9.8 
 Assistance and education about self-help programs or other community resources that are designed to improve health and wellness.        

4.10  
  American Indian Member Services       The Contractor shall:  

4.10.1 
 Provide access to all applicable covered services to Medicaid eligible American Indians within the assigned Geographic Service Area of Greater Arizona, whether they live on or off the reservation.    

4.10.2 
 Cover costs of emergency services and medically necessary services for eligible American Indian members when members are referred off reservation and/or services are rendered at non-IHS or tribally owned or operated
facilities.        

4.10.3 
 Not be responsible for payment for medically necessary services provided to Medicaid eligible members at IHS or a tribally owned and operated facility; AHCCCS is responsible for these payments.    

4.10.4 
 Provide medically necessary covered services to eligible American Indians through agreements with tribes, IHS facilities, and other providers of services. Contractor may serve eligible American Indians on reservation
with agreement from the tribe.        

4.10.5 
 Develop and maintain a network of providers that can deliver culturally and linguistically appropriate services to American Indian members.    

4.10.6 
 Recognize that in addition to services provided through the Contractor, American Indian members through their enrollment choice can always receive services from an IHS or a 638 tribal facility.    
      52  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

4.11.2.1 
 Include all drugs listed on the AHCCCS Drug List for SMI members eligible to receive physical health services under this Contract;        

4.11.2.2 
 Provide coverage of all federally reimbursable medications based on medical necessity;        

4.11.2.3 
 The available medications on the Behavioral Health Drug List, for members eligible to receive behavioral health services under this Contract; and    

4.11.2.4 
 Medications to treat anxiety, depression and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).        

4.11.3 
 Provide generic and branded reimbursement guarantees, an aggressive Maximum Allowable Cost (MAC) pricing program, generic dispensing rate guarantee, and utilization methodologies to dispense the least costly, clinically
appropriate medication and report the rebates in conformance with requirements in the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.        

4.12.1 
 Includes medications ordered by a PCP, attending physician, dentist or other authorized prescriber and dispensed under the direction of a licensed pharmacist subject to limitations related to prescription supply
amounts, Contractor formularies and prior authorization requirements. An appropriate over-the-counter medication may be prescribed as defined in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual when it is determined to be a lower-cost alternative to a prescription
medication. Additional detail is contained in Scope of Work Section on Medications, Additional detail for coverage of Medicare Part D prescription medications is contained in Scope of Work Sections on, Medicare Services and Cost Sharing and Medicare
Part D. The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM Policy 310-V.        

4.13  
  Medication Management Services         

4.13.1 
 For members determined to have a SMI, the Contractor shall allow PCPs to treat members diagnosed with anxiety, depression and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). For purposes of medication management,
it is not required that the PCP be the member s assigned PCP. PCP s who treat members with these behavioral health conditions may provide medication management services including prescriptions, laboratory and other diagnostic tests
necessary for diagnosis, and treatment. The Contractor shall make available, on the Contractor s formulary, medications for the treatment of these disorders. The Contractor is responsible for these services both in the prospective and
prior period coverage timeframes.        

4.13.2 
    Tool Kits:  Clinical tool kits for the treatment of anxiety, depression, and ADHD are available in the
AMPM. Refer to AMPM Appendix E, Childhood and Adolescent Behavioral Health Tool Kits and Appendix F Behavioral Health Tool Kits. These tool kits are a resource only and may not apply to all patients and all clinical situations. The tool
kits are not intended to replace clinical judgment. The Contractor shall ensure that PCPs who have an interest or are     
      53  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

actively treating members with these disorders are aware of these resources and/or are utilizing other recognized, clinical tools/evidence-based guidelines. The Contractor shall develop a
monitoring process to ensure that PCPs utilize evidence-based guidelines/recognized clinical tools when prescribing medications to treat depression, anxiety, and ADHD.    

4.13.3 
  Step Therapy : The Contractor may implement step therapy for behavioral health medications used for treating anxiety, depression and ADHD disorders. The Contractor shall provide education and training for
providers regarding the concept of step therapy. If the T/RBHA/behavioral health provider provides documentation to the Contractor that step therapy has already been completed for the conditions of anxiety, depression or ADHD, or that step
therapy is medically contraindicated; the Contractor shall continue to provide the medication at the dosage at which the member has been stabilized by the behavioral health provider. In the event the PCP identifies a change in the member s
condition, the PCP may utilize step therapy until the member is stabilized for the condition of anxiety, depression or ADHD. The Contractor shall monitor PCPs to ensure that they prescribe medication at the dosage at which the member has been
stabilized.        
   The Contractor shall:  

4.14.1 
 Use laboratory testing sites that have either a Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) Certificate of Waiver or a Certificate of Registration along with a CLIA identification number.    

4.14.3 
 Cover laboratory services for diagnostic, screening and monitoring purposes when ordered by the member s PCP, other attending physician or dentist, and provided by a CLIA approved free-standing laboratory or
hospital laboratory, clinic, physician office or other health care facility laboratory.        

4.14.4 
 Require all clinical laboratories to provide verification of CLIA Licensure or Certificate of Waiver during the provider registration process. Failure to do so shall result in either a termination of an active provider
ID number or denial of initial registration.        

4.14.5 
 Apply the following requirements to all clinical laboratories:        

4.14.5.1 
 Pass-through billing or other similar activities with the intent to avoid the requirements in the Scope of Work, Laboratory Testing Services, is prohibited;    

4.14.5.2 
 Clinical laboratory providers who do not comply with the requirements in the Scope of Work, Laboratory Testing Services, may not be reimbursed;    

4.14.5.3 
 Laboratories with a Certificate of Waiver are limited to providing only the types of tests permitted under the terms of their waiver;    

4.14.5.4 
 Laboratories with a Certificate of Registration are allowed to perform a full range of laboratory tests;    
      54  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.14.5.5 
 Manage and oversee the administration of laboratory services through subcontracts with qualified services providers to deliver laboratory services;    

4.14.5.6 
 Obtain laboratory test data on Title XIX/XXI eligible members from a laboratory or hospital based laboratory subject to the requirements in A.R.S.  36-2903(Q) (1-6) and (R), upon written request; and

4.14.5.7 
 Use the data in Contract Section on, Laboratory Testing Services, exclusively for quality improvement activities and health care outcome studies required and approved by AHCCCS.    
   
   AHCCCS supports a coordinated system of entry into crisis
services that are community based, recovery-oriented, and member focused. The improvement of collaboration, data collection standards, and communication will enhance quality of care which leads to better health care outcomes while containing cost.
Expanding provider networks that are capable of providing a full array of crisis services that are geared toward the members is expected to maintain health and enhance member quality of life. The use of crisis service data for crisis service
delivery and coordination of care is critical to the effectiveness of the overall crisis delivery system.      

4.16  
  Crisis Services-General Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

4.16.1 
 Stabilize individuals as quickly as possible and assist them in returning to their baseline of functioning;        

4.16.2 
 Assess the individual s needs, identify the supports and services that are necessary to meet those needs, and connect the individual to appropriate services;    

4.16.3 
 Provide solution-focused and recovery-oriented interventions designed to avoid unnecessary hospitalization, incarceration, or placement in a more segregated setting;    

4.16.4 
 Utilize the engagement of peer and family support services in providing crisis services;        

4.16.5 
 Meet or exceed urgent and emergent response requirements in conformance with ACOM Policy 417;        

4.16.6 
 Not require prior authorization for crisis services;        

4.16.7 
 Have the discretion to require subcontracted providers that are not part of Contractor s crisis network to deliver crisis services or be involved in crisis response activities during regular business operating
hours;        

4.16.8 
 Coordinate with all clinics and case management agencies to resolve crisis situations for assigned members;        

4.16.9 
 Develop local county based stabilization services to prevent unnecessary transport outside of the community where the crisis is occurring;    

4.16.10 
 Develop a process where tribal liaisons and appropriate clinical staff coordinate crisis services on tribal lands with the crisis providers;    
      55  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.16.11 
 Participate in a data and information sharing system, connecting crisis providers and member physicians through a health information exchange.    

4.16.12 
 Analyze, track, and trend crisis service utilization data in order to improve crisis services. Maintain data and be able to report information that contains, but is not limited to:    

4.16.12.1 
 Telephone call volume and metrics, calls resolved by phone, calls made in follow up to a crisis to ensure stabilization, and call dispositions including triage to Nurse-On Call services, referral and dispatch of service
providers, community and collaborative partners, and health plan notification for acute dual eligible members.        

4.16.12.2 
 Mobile team dispositions to include response timeframes, transports to crisis stabilization units and other facilities, initiation of COE/COT process, and coordination with collaborative partners.    

4.16.12.3 
 Submit, in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables, a Crisis Call Report of the total volume of crisis calls received by local and toll free Crisis Line numbers.    

4.16.13 
 In conformance with the Scope of Work, Care Coordination and Collaboration, provide information about crisis services and develop and maintain collaborative relationships with community partners including:

4.16.14 
 Have active involvement with local police, fire departments, and first responders in the development of strategies for crisis service care coordination and strategies to assess and improve crisis response services;

4.16.15 
 Provide annual trainings to support and develop law enforcement agencies understanding of behavioral health emergencies and crises;        

4.16.16 
 Utilize and train tribal police to be able to assist in behavioral health crises responses on tribal land;        

4.16.17 
 Develop a collaborative process to ensure information sharing for timely access to Court Ordered Evaluation (COE) services; and        

4.16.18 
 Submit the deliverables related to Crisis Services reporting in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.16.19 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the full continuum of crisis services, including but not limited to, timely access to crisis services telephone response, mobile crisis teams and stabilization services. Crisis
services shall be community based, recovery-oriented, and member focused and shall work to stabilize individuals as quickly as possible and assist them in returning to their baseline of functioning.    
      56  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.16.20 
 AHCCCS will provide the Contractor a daily file with member data which shall be used to support crisis services care coordination for CRS members and for adult dual eligible members receiving general mental health and
substance abuse services through an Acute Care Contractor.        

4.16.21 
 For AHCCCS members who do not receive behavioral health services through the RBHA, but receive behavioral health through their Contractor of enrollment for physical health services, the RBHA Contractor shall notify the
Contractor of enrollment within 24 hours of a member engaging in crisis services so subsequent services can be initiated by the Contractor of enrollment. The Contractor of enrollment is as follows:    

4.16.21.1 
 Acute Care Contractor for a dual-eligible member with General Mental Health/Substance Abuse needs;        

4.16.21.2 
 CRS Contractor for a member enrolled with the CRS Contractor for behavioral health needs; and        

4.16.21.3 
 For AHCCCS members who receive behavioral health services through a RBHA, the Contractor shall develop policies and procedures to ensure timely communication with Crisis Services Vendors, the assigned RBHA (if the
Contractor is not the assigned RBHA), and the Contractor of enrollment for physical health services for members who have engaged crisis services. The Contractor shall ensure timely follow up and care coordination for members after receiving crisis
services, whether the member received services within, or outside the Contractor s GSA at the time services were provided, to ensure stabilization of the member and appropriate delivery of ongoing necessary treatment and services.

4.16.22 
 Notify the responsible health plan for acute dual eligible members within 24 hours of a member engaging in crisis services, so subsequent services can be initiated by the member s health plan. The member s
health plan is responsible for all other medically necessary services related to a crisis episode. The Contractor shall develop policies and procedures to ensure timely notification and communication with health plans for acute dual eligible members
who have engaged crisis services.        

4.17  
  Crisis Services-Telephone Response       The Contractor shall:  

4.17.1 
 Establish and maintain a 24 hours per day, seven days per week crisis response system.        

4.17.2 
 Establish and maintain a single toll-free crisis telephone number.        

4.17.3 
 Publicize its single toll-free crisis telephone number throughout Greater Arizona and include it prominently on Contractor s web site, the Member Handbook, member newsletters and as a listing in the resource
directory of local telephone books.        

4.17.4 
 Have a sufficient number of staff to manage the telephone crisis response line.        

4.17.5 
 Answer calls to the crisis response line within three telephone rings, with a call abandonment rate of less than 3%.    
      57  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.17.6 
 Include triage, referral and dispatch of service providers and patch capabilities to and from 911 and other crisis providers or crisis systems as applicable.    

4.17.7 
 Provide telephone support to callers to the crisis response line including a follow-up call within 72 hours to make sure the caller is stabilized.    

4.17.8 
 Offer interpretation or language translation services to persons who do not speak or understand English and for the deaf and hard of hearing.    

4.17.9 
 Provide Nurse On-Call services 24 hours per day, seven days per week to answer general healthcare questions from SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract and to provide them with general
health information and self-care instructions.        

4.18  
  Crisis Services-Mobile Crisis Teams       The Contractor shall establish and maintain mobile
crisis teams with the following capabilities:      

4.18.1 
 Ability to travel to the place where the individual is experiencing the crisis.        

4.18.2 
 Ability to assess and provide immediate crisis intervention.        

4.18.3 
 Provide mobile teams that have the capacity to serve specialty needs of population served including youth and children, hospital rapid response, and developmentally disabled.    

4.18.4 
 Reasonable efforts to stabilize acute psychiatric or behavioral symptoms, evaluate treatment needs, and develop plans to meet the individual s needs.    

4.18.5 
 When clinically indicated, transport the individual to a more appropriate facility for further care.        

4.18.6 
 Require mobile crisis teams to respond on site within the average of 90 minutes of receipt of the crisis call. Average of 90 minutes is calculated by utilizing the monthly average of all crisis call response times.

4.18.7 
 Develop incentives for those mobile team providers who respond to crisis calls within 45 minutes of the initial call.        

4.19  
  Crisis Services-Crisis Stabilization Settings       The Contractor shall establish and
maintain crisis stabilization settings with the following capabilities:      

4.19.1 
 Offer 24 hour substance use disorder/psychiatric crisis stabilization services including 23 hour crisis stabilization/observation capacity.    

4.19.2 
 Provide short-term crisis stabilization services (up to 72 hours) in an effort to successfully resolve the crisis and returning the individual to the community instead of transitioning to a higher level of care.

4.19.3 
 Provide a crisis assessment and stabilization service in settings consistent with requirements to have an adequate and sufficient provider network that includes any combination of the following:    

4.19.3.3 
 Have the discretion to include home-like settings such as apartments and single family homes where individuals experiencing a psychiatric crisis can stay to receive support and crisis respite services in the community
before returning home.    
      58  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.20  
  Pediatric Immunizations and the Vaccines for Children Program       Through the Vaccines for
Children (VFC) Program, the federal and state governments purchase, and make available to providers at no cost, vaccines for Medicaid eligible members under the age of 19. Any provider, licensed by the state to administer immunizations, may register
with Arizona Department of Health Services (ADHS) as a VFC provider and receive free vaccines.    For SMI members receiving physical health
care services, age 18 only, the Contractor shall:      

4.20.1 
 Not reimburse providers for the administration of the vaccines in excess of the maximum allowable amount set by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS), found in the AHCCCS fee schedule.    

4.20.2 
 Not utilize Medicaid funding to purchase vaccines for SMI members, age 18.        

4.20.3 
 Not utilize AHCCCS funding to purchase vaccines for members under the age of 19. If vaccines are not available through the VFC program, the Contractor shall contact the AHCCCS Division of Health Care Management,
Clinical Quality Management for guidance.        

4.20.4 
 Comply with all VFC requirements and monitor its providers to ensure that, a PCP for an SMI member, age 18 only, is registered with ADHS as a VFC provider.    

4.20.5 
 Develop and implement processes to ensure that vaccinations are available through a VFC enrolled provider or through the county Health Department when a provider chooses not to provide vaccinations. In all instances,
the antigens are to be provided through the VFC program.        

4.20.6 
 Develop and implement processes to pay the administration fee to the VFC provider who administers the vaccine regardless of the provider s contract status with the Contractor.    

4.20.7 
 Educate its provider network about immunization reporting requirements, the ASIIS Immunization registry, the use of the VFC program, and the availability of ASIIS software for providers to assist in meeting reporting
requirements.        

4.20.8 
 Monitor compliance with the following reporting requirements:        

4.20.8.2 
 Report immunizations at least monthly to the ADHS, ASIIS Immunization registry which can be accessed by providers to obtain complete, accurate immunization records.    

4.21  
  Medicaid School Based Claiming Program (MSBC)       Pursuant to an Intergovernmental
Agreement with the Department of Education, and a contract with a Third Party Administrator, AHCCCS pays participating school districts for specifically identified Medicaid services when provided to Medicaid eligible children who are included under
the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). The Medicaid services must be identified in the member s Individual Education Plan (IEP) as medically necessary for the child to obtain a public school education. See AMPM Chapter 700.
 
      59  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  Medicaid School Based Claiming (MSBC) services are provided in a school setting or other
approved setting specifically to allow children to receive a public school education. They do not replace medically necessary services provided outside the school setting or other MSBC services approved at an alternative setting. Currently, services
include audiology, therapies (occupational, physical and speech/language); behavioral health evaluation and counseling; nursing and attendant care (health aid services provided in the classroom); and specialized transportation to and from school on
days when the child receives an AHCCCS-covered MSBC service. The Contractor s evaluations and determinations of medical necessity shall be made independent of the fact that the child is receiving MSBC services. If a request is made for services
that also are covered under the MSB program for a child enrolled with the Contractor, the request shall be evaluated on the same basis as any request for a covered service.  
 For Medicaid eligible SMI members, ages 18 through 20 years of age, receiving physical health care services, the Contractor and its providers
shall:      

4.21.1 
 Coordinate with schools and school districts that provide MSBC services to members;        

4.21.3 
 Require persons who coordinate care for members to coordinate with the appropriate school staff working with these members;        

4.21.4 
 Transfer member medical information and progress toward treatment goals between the Contractor and the member s school or school district as appropriate;    

4.21.5 
 Designate a single point of contact to coordinate care and communicate with public school Transition Coordinators; and        

4.21.6 
 Evaluate all requests made for services covered under the MSBC program on the same basis as any request for a covered service.        
   AHCCCS has specified in its  Quality Assessment and
Performance Improvement Strategy  certain populations with special health care needs as defined by the State, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(1). v   
 Members with special health care needs are those members who have serious and chronic physical, developmental, or behavioral conditions
requiring medically necessary health and related services of a type or amount beyond that required by members generally. A member will be considered as having special health care needs if the medical condition simultaneously meets the following
criteria: vi       

4.22.1 
 Lasts or is expected to last one year or longer, and        

4.22.2 
 Requires ongoing care not generally provided by a primary care provider.      AHCCCS has determined
that the following populations meet this definition: vii       

4.22.3 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the Children s Rehabilitative Services (CRS) program        

4.22.4 
 Members who are recipients of services provided through the contracted Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (RBHAs), and        

4.22.7 
 Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who are elderly and/or have a physical disability, and        

4.22.8 
 Members enrolled in the ALTCS program who have a developmentally disability.    
      60  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  AHCCCS monitors quality and appropriateness of care/services for routine and special health
care needs members through Operational and Financial Reviews of Contractors and the review of required Contractor deliverables set forth in contract, program specific performance measures, and performance improvement projects. viii     The Contractor shall:  

4.22.9 
 Have mechanisms in place to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs as defined by the State, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(1).    

4.22.10 
 Have mechanisms in place to assess each member in order to identify any ongoing special conditions of the member which require a course of treatment or regular care monitoring, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(2).    

4.22.11 
 Utilize appropriate health care professionals in the assessment process.        

4.22.12 
 Share with other entities providing services to that member any results of its identification and assessment of that member s needs to prevent duplication of those activities, 42 CFR 438.208(b)(3).

4.22.13 
 Have procedures in place to allow members to directly access a specialist (for example through a standing referral or an approved number of visits as appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs, 42
CFR 438.208 (c) (4).        

4.23  
  Special Assistance for SMI Members       The Contractor shall:  

4.23.1 
 Require its staff, subcontractors, and service providers to identify all persons in need of special assistance to the AHCCCS Division of Health Care Advocacy and Advancement (DHCAA), Office of Human Rights, and ensure
consistentency with the requirements as outlined in AMPM Policy 320-R.        

4.23.2 
 Cooperate with the Human Rights Committee in meeting its obligations as outlined in AMPM Policy 320-R.        

4.23.3 
 Submit the deliverables related to Special Assistance Services reporting in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

4.24  
  Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Employment       The Contractor shall:  

4.24.1 
 Develop and manage a continuum of vocational employment and business development services to assist SMI members, including transition age youth to achieve their employment goals.    

4.24.2 
 Provide priority to those providers under contract with ADES/RSA when entering into subcontracts for vocational/employment services.    

4.24.3 
 Make all reasonable efforts to increase the number of providers who are mutually contracted with ADES/RSA.    
      61  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

4.25  
  Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Peer Support       The Contractor shall:  

4.25.1 
 Require subcontractors and providers to assign at least one Peer Support Specialist/Recovery Support Specialist on each adult recovery team to provide covered services, when appropriate.    

4.25.2 
 The Contractor shall submit a Psychiatric Rehabilitation Progress Report in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

5  
  CARE COORDINATION AND COLLABORATION         
   Care Coordination encompasses a variety of activities for
coordinating services and providers to assist a member in achieving his or her Recovery goals described in the Individual Recovery Plan. These activities, which can occur both at a clinical and system level, are performed by Treatment Team members
depending on a member s needs, goals, and functional status. Regardless of who performs care coordination, the care coordinator should have expertise in member self-management approaches, member advocacy and be capable of navigating complex
systems and communicating with a wide spectrum of professional and lay persons including family members, physicians, specialists and other health care professionals.  
 The Contractor shall conduct care coordination activities which at a minimum shall include, when appropriate, the following activities:  

5.1.1 
 Ensure that, in the process of coordinating care, each member s privacy is protected in accordance with the privacy requirements including, but not limited to, [45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and E], Arizona
statutes and regulations, and to the extent that they are applicable [42 CFR 438.208 (b)(2) and (b)(4) and 438.224] and the Scope of Work, Medical Records Section.    

5.1.2 
 Engage the member to participate in service planning. See also AMPM 320-O.        

5.1.3 
 Monitor adherence to treatment goals including medication adherence.        

5.1.4 
 Authorize the initial service package, continuing or additional services and suggest or create service alternatives when appropriate.    

5.1.5 
 Establish a process to ensure coordination of member care needs across the continuum based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs.    

5.1.6 
 Monitor individual health status and service utilization to determine use of evidence-based care and adherence to or variance from the Individual Recovery Plan.    

5.1.7 
 Monitor member services and placements to assess the continued appropriateness, medical necessity and cost effectiveness of the services.    

5.1.8 
 Identify and document the member s primary care and specialty care providers to make sure the information is current and accurate.    

5.1.9 
 Communicate among behavioral and physical health service providers regarding member progress and health status, test results, lab reports, medications and other health care information when necessary to promote optimal
outcomes and reduce risks, duplication of services or errors;        

5.1.10 
 Track the member s eligibility status for covered benefits and assist with eligibility applications or renewals.    
      62  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.1.11 
 Communicate with the member s assigned Care Manager, treatment team or other service providers to ensure management of care and services including addressing and resolving complex, difficult care situations.

5.1.12 
 Participate in discharge planning from hospitals, jail or other institutions and follow up with members after discharge.        

5.1.13 
 Ensure applicable services continue after discharge.        

5.1.14 
 Comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors or GSAs, participation in or discharge from CRS or CMDP, to or from an ALTCS and Acute Care Contractor and upon termination or
expiration of a contract.        

5.1.15 
 Recognize that the exiting Contractor shall be responsible for performing all transition activities at no cost.        

5.1.16 
 Track member transitions from one level of care to another, streamline care plans, and mitigate any disruption in care.        

5.1.17 
 Make referrals to providers, services or community resources.        

5.1.18 
 Verify that periodic re-assessment occurs at least annually or more frequently when the member s psychiatric and/or medical status changes.    

5.1.19 
 Communicate with family members and other system stakeholders that have contact with the member including, state agencies, other governmental agencies, tribal nations, schools, courts, law enforcement, and correctional
facilities.        

5.1.20 
 Identify gaps in services and report gaps to Contractor s network development manager.        

5.1.21 
 Verify that members discharged from Arizona State Hospital with diabetes are issued appropriate equipment and supplies they were trained to use while in the facility.    

5.1.22 
 Coordinate medical care for members who are inpatient at the Arizona State Hospital (AzSH) in accordance with ACOM Policy 432 and AMPM Policy 1020.    

5.1.1 
 The Contractor shall, in accordance with AMPM Policy 1020 requirements, provide high touch care management for members on Conditional Release from the Arizona State Hospital (AzSH) that includes but is not limited to
coordination with AzSH for discharge planning; participating in the development of conditional release plans; member outreach and engagement to ensure compliance with the approved conditional release plan; attendance in outpatient staffings at
least once per month; care coordination with the member s treatment team and providers of both physical and behavioral health services, and routine delivery of comprehensive status reporting to the Psychiatric Review Board (PSRB) and AzSH.
The Contractor shall submit deliverables as required to support an individual s conditional release into the community. The Contractor shall also identify a key clinical single point of contact at the Contractor leadership level for
collaboration with AzSH and the PSRB and remediation of identified concerns.       

5.1.2 
 Coordinate outreach activities to members not engaged, but who would benefit from services.        

5.1.3 
 When a Contractor receives members from another Contractor the Contractor shall:        

5.1.3.1 
 Ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative; and

5.1.3.2 
 When relinquishing members, timely notify the receiving Contractor regarding pertinent information related to any special needs of transitioning members.    
      63  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.1.4 
 A new Contractor who receives members from another Contractor as a result of a contract award shall ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the
member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.        

5.1.5 
 When a PCP has initiated medication management services for a member to treat a behavioral health disorder, and it is subsequently determined by the PCP that the member should be transferred to a RBHA or TRBHA
prescriber for evaluation and/or continued medication management services, the Contractor shall:        

5.1.5.1 
 Require and ensure that the PCP coordinates the transfer of care.        

5.1.5.2 
 Include this provision in all affected subcontracts; and        

5.1.5.3 
 Ensure that PCPs maintain continuity of care for these members.        

5.1.6 
 Establish policies and procedures for the transition of members to the RBHA or TRBHA for ongoing treatment. The policies and procedures must address, at a minimum, the following:    

5.1.6.1 
 Guidelines for when a transition of the member to the RBHA or TRBHA for ongoing treatment is indicated;        

5.1.6.2 
 Protocols for notifying the RBHA or TRBHA of the member s transfer, including reason for transfer, diagnostic information, and medication history;    

5.1.6.3 
 Protocols and guidelines for the transfer or sharing of medical records information and protocols for responding to RBHA or TRBHA requests for additional medical record information;    

5.1.6.4 
 Protocols for transition of prescription services, including but not limited to notification to the RBHA or TRBHA of the member s current medications and timeframes for dispensing and refilling medications during
the transition period. This coordination must ensure at a minimum, that the member does not run out of prescribed medications prior to the first appointment with a RBHA or TRBHA prescriber and that all relevant member medical information including
the reason for transfer is forwarded to the receiving RBHA or TRBHA prescriber prior to the member s first scheduled appointment with the RBHA or TRBHA prescriber; and    

5.1.6.5 
 Contractor monitoring activities to ensure that members are appropriately transitioned to the RBHA or TRBHA for care.    
      64  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.2  
  Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members       In an effort to improve care
coordination and control costs for dual eligible (Medicaid and Medicare enrolled) members with Serious Mental Illness (SMI), the contractor shall offer Medicaid services to eligible members with SMI as a Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) as
required in Exhibit-3.    The Contractor shall:      

5.2.1 
 Create a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) and if the member enrolls with the Contractor s D-SNP, be the sole organization that manages the provision of Medicare benefits to SMI dual
eligible members enrolled with the RBHA. The Contractor will contract with CMS to be a Medicare Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) or offer a D-SNP product through one of the equity partners in the organization. The Contractor may not delegate
or subcontract with another entity except as specified below, and in Exhibit-3 and the Scope of Work Sections on, Organizational Structure and Management Services Agreements.    

5.2.2 
 Meet all Medicare Advantage requirements to remain in compliance and continue operating as a D-SNP in order to provide Medicare services to eligible individuals in accordance with ACOM Policy 107 for Contractors that
currently have contracts, or will be pursuing contracts, with the CMS to operate as a Medicare Advantage Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP).        

5.2.3 
 Conduct marketing activities for Dual Eligible enrollees with the marketing effort focused on promoting enrollment in the Contractor s Medicare Dual Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) or a D-SNP product offered through one
of the equity partners in the organization. The State understands that the Medicare D-SNP is able to enroll any dual eligible member, but to increase alignment, encourages the Contractor to only market to individuals enrolled in its AHCCCS plan.
Marketing to dual eligible Contractor enrollees may include print advertisements, radio advertisements, billboards, bus advertising, and television.        

5.2.4 
 In the case of marketing materials for dual eligible members the process will be as follows:        

5.2.4.1 
 AHCCCS does not review for approval, dual marketing materials that have been approved by CMS and/or that do not include reference to AHCCCS benefits and/or service information. However, all dual marketing materials that
have not been approved by CMS and/or include reference to AHCCCS benefits and/or service information require submission to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

5.2.4.2 
 While AHCCCS may accept CMS approval of dual marketing materials as sufficient for distribution of materials, AHCCCS retains and reserves the right to review before or after the fact, materials that have received CMS
approval.        

5.2.4.3 
 The Contractor must adhere to the following regarding use of billboards which use the terms  Medicaid  or  AHCCCS :    

5.2.4.3.1 
 Limited to two in each urban county (Maricopa and Pima), and        

5.2.5 
 May delegate or subcontract the managed care functions with another entity for the provision of Medicare benefits when that entity is also responsible for performing those functions for the Contractor s Medicaid
line of business.    
      65  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.2.6 
 Establish an easily identifiable brand that is recognized by SMI dual eligible members and providers as an integrated service delivery health plan for both Medicare and Medicaid services.    

5.2.7 
 Sign a Medicare Advantage D SNP Health Plan Agreement (MIPPA) with AHCCCS to fulfill the requirement per CMS guidelines, that all D-SNPs are required to have an agreement with the State Medicaid Agency to operate as a
D-SNP. This agreement will outline specific D-SNP responsibilities related to care coordination, data sharing, and eligibility verification.        

5.2.8 
 Work with AHCCCS to improve the system for dual eligible which may include, but is not limited to:        

5.2.8.2 
 Department sponsored marketing, outreach, and education, and        

5.2.9 
 Provide choice of providers to Dual eligible members in the network and shall not be restricted to those that accept Medicare.        

5.2.10 
 Use all data, including Medicare A, B, and D data, in developing and implementing care coordination models. See Contract Section on, Medical Management, for care coordination requirements.    

5.2.11 
 The Contractor shall ensure the coordination of care for dual eligible members turning 18 years of age and for newly eligible dual members transitioning to an Acute Care Contractor for their behavioral health services.

5.3  
  Coordination with AHCCCS Contractors and Primary Care Providers       For members not
eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

5.3.2 
 Include the member s DDD Support Coordinator in all behavioral health planning meetings including, but not limited to, CFT, ACT, and Adult and Recovery Team meetings in order to coordinate and provide access to
comprehensive care coordination and transitional care across settings, (including out of state placements), follow-up from inpatient to other settings, participation in discharge planning, and facilitating transfer from the children s system to
the adult system of care.        

5.3.3 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that govern confidentiality, implementation and monitoring of coordination between subcontractors, AHCCCS physical health care contractors, behavioral health providers, and
other governmental agencies.        

5.3.4 
 Forward behavioral health records including copies or summaries of relevant information of each Title XIX/XXI member to the member s PCP as needed to support quality medical management and prevent duplication of
services.      The Contractor shall:      

5.3.5 
 Establish a process to ensure care coordination for pharmaceutical needs for members based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs.    
      66  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.3.6.1 
 Critical laboratory results as defined by the laboratory and required by specific medication(s); and        

5.3.6.2 
 Changes in the class of medications prescribed.        

5.3.7 
 Establish a process for the timely and the confidential communication of allowable medication information among prescribing clinicians;    

5.3.8 
 Must proactively facilitate and provide care coordination, in accordance with the AMPM Policy 310-V, for members who have both behavioral health and physical health care needs. The Contractor must meet with the Acute
Care Contractors to ensure that the member s medication(s) are transitioned in a timely and seamless manner.        

5.3.9 
 Use the AHCCCS required, standardized forms to transmit the information required in Contract Section on, Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members.    

5.3.10 
 Obtain proper consent and authorization in conformance with Contract Section on, Consent and Authorization.        

5.3.11 
 Have consultation services and materials available as follows:        

5.3.11.1 
 The Contractor will ensure consultation services are available to health plan PCPs and have materials available for the Acute Care Contractors and primary care providers describing how to access consultation services
and how to initiate a referral for ongoing behavioral health services.        

5.3.11.2 
 Behavioral health recipients currently being treated by the Contractor for depression, anxiety or attention deficit hyperactivity disorders may be referred to a PCP (which is not required to be the member s
assigned PCP) for ongoing care only after consultation with and acceptance by the member and the PCP.        

5.3.11.3 
 The Contractor must ensure the systematic review of the appropriateness of decisions to refer members to PCPs for ongoing care for depression, anxiety or attention deficit hyperactivity disorders. Upon request, the
Contractor shall ensure that PCPs are informed about the availability of resource information regarding the diagnosis and treatment of behavioral health disorders.    

5.3.12 
 Ensure that information and training is available to PCPs regarding behavioral health coordination of care processes.        

5.3.13 
 Meet, at least quarterly, with the AHCCCS Health Plans operating in Greater Arizona and AIHP to address systemic coordination of care issues including at a minimum, sharing information with Health Plans regarding
referral and consultation services and solving identified problems.        

5.3.14 
 Assign staff to facilitate the meetings described in Contract Section on, Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members, who have sufficient program and administrative knowledge and authority to identify and resolve
issues in a timely manner.    
      67  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.3.15 
 Have a Physical Health Plan and Provider Coordinator to address and resolve coordination of care issues at the lowest level.        

5.3.16 
 Forward the following information in writing to AHCCCS, DHCM, if the Contractor is unable to resolve issues with other AHCCCS Health Plans:    

5.3.17 
 Submit deliverables related to Coordination with AHCCCS Contractors and Primary Care Providers in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

5.4  
  Collaboration with System Stakeholders       The Contractor shall:  

5.4.1 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing collaborative protocols with each of:        

5.4.1.2 
 Arizona Department of Economic Security/Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD);        

5.4.2 
 Address in each collaborative protocol, at a minimum, the following:        

5.4.2.1 
 Procedures for each entity to coordinate the delivery of covered services to members served by both entities;        

5.4.2.4 
 Resources each entity commits for the care and support of members mutually served;        

5.4.2.5 
 Procedures to identify and address joint training needs; and        

5.4.2.6 
 Where applicable, procedures to have providers co-located at Department of Child Safety (DCS) offices, juvenile detention centers or other agency locations as directed by AHCCCS.    

5.4.3 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing collaborative protocols with local law enforcement and first responders, which, at a minimum, shall address:    

5.4.3.1 
 Continuity of covered services during a crisis;        

5.4.3.2 
 Information about the use and availability of Contractor s crisis response services;        
 
      68  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.4.3.4 
 Strengthening relationships between first responders and providers when support or assistance is needed in working with or engaging members; and    

5.4.3.5 
 Procedures to identify and address joint training needs.        

5.4.4 
 Complete all written protocols and agreements within 120 days of Contract Award Date.        

5.4.5 
 Review the written protocols on an annual basis with system partners and update as needed.        

5.4.6 
 Submit written protocols to AHCCCS upon request.        

5.4.7 
 Comply with the requirements of the Arizona Early Intervention Program (AzEIP). The AzEIP is implemented through the coordinated activities of the ADES, ADHS, Arizona State Schools for the Deaf and Blind (ASDB), AHCCCS,
and ADE. The AzEIP Program is governed by the Individuals with Disabilities Act (IDEA), Part C (P.L.105-17). AzEIP, through federal regulation, is stipulated as the payor of last resort to Medicaid, and is prohibited from supplanting another
entitlement program, including Medicaid.      Refer to AMPM Chapter 400, Exhibit 430-3. AHCCCS has developed an AzEIP Speech
Therapy Fee Schedule and rates incorporating one procedure code, along with related modifiers, settings, and group sizes. The Contractor shall utilize this methodology and these rates for payment for the speech therapy procedure when provided to an
AHCCCS member who is a child identified in the AHCCCS system as an AzEIP recipient.      

5.4.8 
 Meet, agree upon and reduce to writing Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs) specific to the following correctional entities:        

5.4.8.1 
 Arizona Administrative Office of the Courts for Juvenile and Adult Probation;        

5.4.8.2 
 The Arizona Department of Corrections for Juvenile and Adults; and        

5.4.9 
 At a minimum, shall include the following care coordination requirements.      The Contractor
shall:      

5.4.9.1 
 Partner with the justice system to communicate timely data necessary for coordination of care in conformance with all applicable administrative orders and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
requirements that permit the sharing of written, verbal and electronic information; and        

5.4.9.2 
 Utilize data sharing agreements and administrative orders that permit the sharing of written, verbal and electronic information at the time of admission into the facility and at the time of discharge. At a minimum, data
communicated shall comply with HIPAA requirements. The data will be shared without the permission of the member if the medications are used to treat substance use disorders and consist of:    

69  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.4.10 
 Offer customized training that is designed to strengthen staff s ability to effectively work with individuals in the correctional facility.    

5.4.11 
 Share information that assists the clinical team in developing treatment plans that incorporate community release conditions, as appropriate.    

5.4.12 
 Policies and procedures that identify specific time frames to have the team (i.e. Correctional Facility, RBHA, Provider and Jail Coordinator) convene to discuss services and resources needed for the individual to safely
transition into the community upon release for persons with an SMI diagnosis and those persons categorized as GMH and/or Substance Abuse who have the following complicated/high cost medical needs:    

5.4.13 
 Utilize strategies to optimize the use of services in connection with Mental Health Courts and Drug Courts.    
      70  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.5  
  Collaboration to Improve Health Care Service Delivery       The Contractor shall:  

5.5.1 
 At least every six months, meet with a broad spectrum of behavioral and physical health providers to gather input; discuss issues; identify challenges and barriers; problem-solve; share information and strategize ways
to improve or strengthen the health care service delivery.        

5.5.2 
 Invite AHCCCS to participate at these meetings.        

5.6  
  Collaboration with Peers and Family Members       The Contractor shall:  

5.6.1 
 At least every six months, meet with a broad spectrum of peers, family members, peer and family run organizations, advocacy organizations or any other persons that have an interest in participating in improving the
system. The purpose of these meetings is to gather input; discuss issues; identify challenges and barriers; problem-solve; share information and strategize ways to improve or strengthen the service delivery system.    

5.6.2 
 Invite AHCCCS to participate at these meetings.        

5.7  
  Collaboration with Tribal Nations       The Contractor shall:  

5.7.1 
 Consult with each Tribal Nation within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona to ensure availability of appropriate and accessible services.    

5.7.2 
 Coordinate eligibility and service delivery between the RBHA, IHS, and tribally owned and operated facilities authorized to provide services pursuant to P.L. 93-638, as amended.    

5.7.3 
 Participate at least annually in meetings or forums with the IHS and tribally owned and operated facilities and providers that serve American Indian members.    

5.7.4 
 Communicate and collaborate with the tribal, county and state service delivery and legal systems and with the Tribal and IHS Providers to coordinate the involuntary commitment process for American Indian members.

5.7.5 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS to reach an agreement with Indian Health Services and Phoenix Indian Medical Center to exchange health information, coordinate care and improve health care outcomes for American Indian members.

5.7.6 
 Develop collaborative relationships with IHS, Tribes, Tribal Organizations, Urban Indian Organizations (I/T/U) serving tribes in the geographical service areas assigned to the RBHA for the purposes of care coordination
which may include member data sharing.    
      71  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.7.7 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS and IHS in order to improve communication through the utilization of health information exchange in order to improve coordination of care and health outcomes for American Indian members.

5.7.8 
 Facilitate coordination of care to include face to face meeting with children in residential facilities located off tribal lands, ensuring the child has communication with the tribal community.    

5.7.9 
 Provide continuing education on a quarterly basis, training for para-professionals and behavioral health professionals working on tribal lands. RBHAs shall offer the courses through face to face or video conferencing
technology and provide Continuing Education Units (CEUs) for the completion of the courses electronically.        

5.7.10 
 Develop and provide in-service trainings for Indian health facilities, Indian Health Service, Tribally operated facility/program, and Urban Indian clinic (I/T/U) on utilization of services and behavioral health
resources available to American Indian Communities located within the Geographic Service Areas in Greater Arizona.        

5.7.11 
 Develop agreements with the tribes located within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona to provide, on a monthly basis, provision of mobile behavioral health and physical health services.

5.7.12 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS to implement changes provided from the quarterly Formal Tribal Consultation.        

5.7.13 
 Collaborate with tribes to build technological infrastructure, so that both telemedicine and telepsychiatry can occur on tribal lands which may include partnership with University of Arizona, Northern Arizona
University, Arizona State University or other educational entities with community investment dollars that provide telemedicine.        

5.7.14 
 Hold care coordination meetings on a monthly basis between the RBHA, IHS facilities, and tribally owned and operated facilities and the tribes located within their geographic services area to address issues related to
crisis and other service delivery issues.        

5.8  
  Coordination for Transitioning Members         

5.8.1 
 The Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors or GSAs, participation in or discharge from CRS or CMDP, to or from an ALTCS and Acute Care Contractor and upon
termination or expiration of a contract.        

5.8.2 
 The Contractor shall designate a person with appropriate training and experience to act as the Member Transition Coordinator. The individual appointed to this position must be a health care professional or an individual
who possesses the appropriate education and experience and is supported by a health care professional to effectively coordinate and oversee all transition issues, responsibilities, and activities. This staff person shall interact closely with the
transition staff of the receiving Contractor to ensure a safe, timely, and orderly transition. See ACOM Policy 402 for more information regarding the role and responsibilities of the Transition Coordinator.    
      72  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.8.3 
 When a Contractor receives members from another Contractor the Contractor shall:        

5.8.3.1 
 Ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative; and

5.8.3.2 
 When relinquishing members, timely notify the receiving Contractor regarding pertinent information related to any special needs of transitioning members.    

5.8.4 
 A new Contractor who receives members from another Contractor as a result of a contract award shall ensure a smooth transition for members by continuing previously approved prior authorizations for 30 days after the
member transition unless mutually agreed to by the member or member s representative.        

5.8.5 
 For individuals determined to have a Serious Mental Illness (SMI) who are transitioning from a health plan to a RBHA, there shall be a 14 day transition period in order to ensure effective coordination of care. The
Contractor shall comply with the AMPM and the ACOM standards for member transitions between Contractors as outlined above.        

5.8.6 
 For individuals outside of Maricopa County (i.e. Greater Arizona) who transition to the Contractor for their physical health from a health plan and who have an established relationship with a PCP refer to Contract
Section on, Primary Care Provider Standards.        

5.8.7 
 When SMI individuals transition to the Contractor for their physical health from an AHCCCS Contractor, members in active treatment (including but not limited to chemotherapy, pregnancy, drug regimens or a scheduled
procedure) with a non-participating/non-contracted provider shall be allowed to continue receiving treatment from the non-participating/non-contracted AHCCCS registered provider through the duration of their prescribed treatment.    

5.8.8 
 The Contractor shall ensure the coordination of care for dual eligible members turning 18 years of age and for newly eligible dual members transitioning to an acute Care Contractor for their behavioral health services.

5.8.9 
  Contract Termination : In the event that the contract or any portion thereof is terminated for any reason, or expires, the Contractor shall assist AHCCCS in the transition of its members to other
Contractors. In addition, AHCCCS reserves the right to extend the term of the contract on a month-to-month basis to assist in any transition of members. AHCCCS may discontinue enrollment of new members with the Contractor three months
prior to the contract termination date. The Contractor shall make provisions for continuing all management and administrative services until the transition of all members is completed and all other requirements of this contract are
satisfied. The Contractor shall submit a detailed plan to AHCCCS for approval regarding the transition of members in the event of contract expiration or termination. The name and title of the Contractor s transition coordinator shall
be included in the transition plan. The Contractor shall be responsible for providing all reports set forth in this contract and necessary for the transition process, and shall be responsible for the following, [42 CFR 438.610(c)(3); 42 CFR
434.6(a)(6)]:        

5.8.9.2 
 Paying all outstanding obligations for medical care rendered to members until AHCCCS is satisfied that the Contractor has paid all such obligations. The Contractor shall provide a monthly claims aging report
including IBNR amounts (due the 15 th  day of the month, for the prior month);    
      73  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

5.8.9.3 
 Providing Quarterly and Audited Financial Statements up to the date specified by AHCCCS. The financial statement requirement will not be absolved without an official release from AHCCCS;    

5.8.9.4 
 Continuing encounter reporting until all services rendered prior to contract termination have reached adjudicated status and data validation of the information has been completed, as communicated by a letter of release
from AHCCCS;        

5.8.9.5 
 Cooperating with reinsurance audit activities on prior contract years until release has been granted by AHCCCS;        

5.8.9.6 
 Cooperating with AHCCCS to complete and finalize any open reconciliations, until release has been granted by AHCCCS. AHCCCS will work to complete any pending reconciliations as timely as can be completed, allowing
for appropriate lag time for claims run-out and/or changes to be entered into the system;        

5.8.9.7 
 Submitting quarterly Quality Management and Medical Management reports as required by Scope of Work Sections on, Quality Management Reporting Requirements and, Medical Management Reporting Requirements, as appropriate
to provide AHCCCS with information on services rendered up to the date of contract termination. This will include Quality Of Care (QOC) concern reporting based on the date of service;    

5.8.9.8 
 Participating in and closing out Performance Measures and Performance Improvement Projects as requested by AHCCCS;        

5.8.9.9 
 Maintaining a Performance Bond in accordance with Scope of Work Section on, Financial Management, and the Paragraph on, Performance Bond or Bond Substitute. A formal request to release the performance bond, as well
as a balance sheet, must be submitted when appropriate;        

5.8.9.10 
 Indemnifying AHCCCS for any claim by any third party against the State or AHCCCS arising from the Contractor s performance of this contract and for which the Contractor would otherwise be liable under this
contract;        

5.8.9.11 
 Returning to AHCCCS, any funds advanced to the Contractor for coverage of members for periods after the date of termination. Funds must be returned to AHCCCS within 30 days of termination of the contract;

5.8.9.12 
 Providing a monthly accounting of Member Grievances and Claim Disputes and their disposition; and        

5.8.10 
 The above list is not exhaustive and additional information may be requested to ensure that all operational and reporting requirements have been met. Any dispute by the Contractor, with respect to termination or
suspension of this contract by AHCCCS, shall be exclusively governed by the provisions of, Terms and Conditions, Paragraph 19, Disputes.    
      74  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6  
  PROVIDER NETWORK         

6.1  
  Network Development       The Contractor shall develop and maintain a network of providers
that:      

6.1.1 
 Is sufficient in size, scope and types to deliver all medically necessary covered services and satisfy all service delivery requirements in this Contract, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(1).    

6.1.2 
 Delivers culturally and linguistically appropriate services in home and community-based settings for culturally and linguistically diverse populations.    

6.1.3 
 Ensures its membership has access at least equal to community norms. Services shall be as accessible to AHCCCS members in terms of timeliness, amount, duration and scope as those services are available to non-AHCCCS
persons within the same service area, 42 CFR 438.210 (a)(2).        

6.1.4 
 Ensures covered services are provided promptly and are reasonably accessible in terms of location and hours of operation.        

6.1.5 
 Places priority on allowing members, when appropriate, to reside or return to their own home and/or reside in the least restrictive environment.    

6.1.6 
 Is designed, established and maintained by utilizing, at a minimum, the following:        

6.1.6.1 
 Current and anticipated utilization of services;        

6.1.6.2 
 Cultural and linguistic needs of members considering the prevalent languages spoken, including sign language, by population, 42 CFR 432.10(c);    

6.1.6.3 
 The number of providers not accepting new referrals;        

6.1.6.4 
 Geographically convenient flow of patients among network providers to maximize member choice;        

6.1.6.7 
 Issues, concerns and requests brought forth by state agencies and other system stakeholders that have involvement with persons eligible for services under this Contract;    

75  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.1.11 
 Provides all covered services within a continuum of care including crisis services in conformance with the requirements in the Scope of Work, Crisis Services Sections.    

6.1.12 
 Includes peer and family support specialists.        

6.1.14 
 Includes providers that offer services to both children and adults for members moving from one system of care to another in order to maintain continuity of care without service disruptions or mandatory changes in
service providers for those members who wish to keep the same provider.        

6.1.15 
 Includes a sufficient number of locally established, Arizona-based, independent peer/consumer and family operated/run organizations to provide support services, advocacy and training.    

6.1.16 
 Includes specialty service providers to deliver services to children, adolescents and adults with developmental or cognitive disabilities; sexual offenders; sexual abuse victims; individuals with substance use
disorders; individuals in need of dialectical behavior therapy; transition aged youth ages 18 through 20 and infants and toddlers under the age of five years, 42 CFR 438.214(c).    

6.1.17 
 Provides services to members who typically receive care in border communities.        

6.1.18 
 Implements E-Prescribing within its provider network.        

6.1.19 
 Develops policies and procedures for telemedicine.        

6.1.20 
 Utilizes telemedicine to support an adequate provider network. Telemedicine shall not replace provider choice and/or member preference for physical delivery.    

6.1.21 
 Develops incentive plans to recruit and retain BHP s and BHMP s in the local community.        

6.1.22 
 Does not discriminate regarding participation in the AHCCCS program, reimbursement or indemnification against any provider based solely on the provider s type of licensure or certification, 42 CFR 438.12(a)(1).

6.1.23 
 Does not discriminate against particular providers that service high-need populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment, 42 CFR 438.214(c). This provision, however, does not prohibit the
Contractor from limiting provider participation, provided the needs of members are met. This provision also does not interfere with measures established by the Contractor to control costs consistent with its responsibilities under this Contract, 42
CFR 438.12(b)(1).        

6.1.24 
 Timely notifies providers in writing of the reason for its decision if the Contractor declines to include individual or groups of providers in its network, 42 CFR 438.12(a)(1). The Contractor may not include providers
excluded from participation in federal health care programs, under either Section 1128 or Section 1128A of the Social Security Act, 42 CFR 438.214(d).    
      76  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.1.25 
 Is committed to workforce development and support of the medical residency and dental student training programs in the State of Arizona. AHCCCS expects the Contractor to support these efforts. AHCCCS encourages plans to
contract with or otherwise support the many Graduate Medical Education (GME) Residency Training Programs currently operating in the State and to investigate opportunities for resident participation in Contractor medical management and committee
activities. In the event of a contract termination between the Contractor and a Graduate Medical Education Residency Training Program or training site, the Contractor may not remove members from that program in such a manner as to harm the stability
of the program. Further, the Contractor must attempt to contract with graduating residents and providers that are opening new practices in, or relocating to, Arizona, especially in rural or underserved areas.    

6.1.26 
 Develops a mobile crisis team network where 90% of all eligible members residing within the GSA will have geographical access to a contracted mobile crisis team within 60 minutes.    

6.1.27 
 Meets all Network Standards set forth in ACOM Policy 436. AHCCCS may impose sanctions for material deficiencies in the Contractor s provider network.    

6.1.28 
 Submit all deliverables related to Network Development in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

6.2  
  Network Development for Integrated Health Care Service Delivery       The Contractor shall
maximize the availability and access to community based primary care and specialty care providers.      

6.2.1 
 The Contractor shall reduce utilization of the following:        

6.2.1.1 
 Non-emergent utilization of emergency room services;        

6.2.1.4 
 Hospital based outpatient surgeries when lower cost surgery centers are available; and        

6.2.1.5 
 Hospitalization for preventable medical conditions.        

6.2.2 
 Has availability of non-emergent after-hours physician services or primary care services.        

6.2.3 
 Subcontracts with homeless clinics in Pima County at the AHCCCS FFS rate for Primary Care services. Subcontracts must stipulate that:    

6.2.3.1 
 Only those SMI members that request a homeless clinic as their PCP receive such assignment; and        

6.2.3.2 
 SMI members assigned to a homeless clinic may be referred to out-of network providers for needed specialty services.        

6.2.3.3 
 Assists homeless clinics with administrative issues such as obtaining prior authorization, and resolving claims issues.        

6.2.3.4 
 Attends meetings as necessary with homeless clinics to resolve administrative issues and perceived barriers to the homeless members receiving care.    
      77  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.2.4 
 Complies with the network requirements in Contract Section on, Primary Care Provider Standards.        

6.2.5 
 Complies with the network requirements in Contract Section on, Maternity Care Provider Standards.        

The Contractor shall:  

6.3.1 
 Monitor providers to demonstrate compliance with all network requirements in this Contract including, at a minimum, the following:        

6.3.1.1 
 Technical assistance and support to consumer-and family-run organizations;        

6.3.1.2 
 Distance traveled; location, time scheduled, and member s response to an offered appointment for services; and        

6.3.2 
 Eliminate barriers that prohibit or restrict advocacy for the following:        

6.3.2.2 
 Any information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options including the risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or non-treatment, 42 CFR 438.102(a)(1)(ii) and (iii); and

6.3.2.3 
 The member s right to participate in health care decisions including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions, 42 CFR 438.102(a)(1)(iv).    

6.3.3 
 Document in the member s medical record all communication related to the subject matter in Contract Section on, Network Management.    

6.3.4 
 Continually assess network sufficiency and capacity using multiple data sources to monitor appointment standards, Member Grievances, Appeals, quality data, quality improvement data, eligibility utilization of services,
penetration rates, member satisfaction surveys and demographic data requirements.        

6.3.5 
 When feasible, develop non-financial incentive programs to increase participation in its provider network.        

6.3.7 
 Submit a Quarterly Provider/Network Changes Due to Rates Report as described in ACOM Policy 415 and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      78  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.4  
  Out of Network Providers       The Contractor shall:  

6.4.1 
 Provide adequate, timely and medically necessary covered services through an out-of-network provider if Contractor s provider network is unable to provide adequate and timely services required under this Contract
and continue to provide services by an out of network provider until a network provider is available, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(4).        
 
 For SMI members eligible to receive physical health care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:  

6.4.3 
 Reimburse (non-contracted) providers for non-hospital, non-emergent in State services when directed out of network by the Contractor not less than the AHCCCS capped fee-for-service schedule for physical health services.

6.4.4 
 Permit the provider to become an in network provider at the Contractor s in network rates.        

6.4.5 
 Offer the provider a single case agreement if the provider is unwilling to become a network provider but is willing to continue providing physical health care services to the SMI member at the Contractor s in
network rates.        

6.5  
  Material Change to Provider Network         

6.5.1 
 The Contractor is responsible for evaluating all provider network changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and determining whether those changes are material changes to the Contractor s provider
network, 42 CFR 438.207 (c). All material changes to the provider network must be approved in advance by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. A material change to the provider network is defined as one that affects, or can
reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance and/or provider network standards as described in this contract including, but not limited to, any change that would cause or is likely to cause more than
5% of members in a GSA to change the location where services are received or rendered.       

6.5.2 
 The Contractor must submit the request for approval of a material change to the provider network with information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the
Contractor s plans for maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM Policy 439 and as specified in, Exhibit-9, Deliverables. AHCCCS will review and respond to the Contractor
within 30 days of the submission. A material change in the Contractor s provider network requires 30 days advance written notice from the Contractor to members and providers. In the event unforeseen circumstances prevent the Contractor
from providing 30 days advance written notice to members and providers, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS within one business day of identifying the material change to the provider network for AHCCCS determination of notification requirements.

6.5.3 
 For emergency situations, AHCCCS will expedite the approval process.        

6.5.4 
 The requirements regarding material changes to the provider network do not apply to the contract negotiation process between the Contractor and a provider.    

6.5.5 
 The Contractor shall notify DDD within 30 business days of the RBHA identifying a material change to its behavioral health provider network. Notice of behavioral health changes include, but are not limited to, provider
closure, provider moving location, and provider termination.    
      79  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

6.6  
  Provider Affiliation Transmission       The Contractor shall:  

6.6.1 
 Comply with the requirements to collect and submit information to AHCCCS in conformance with the specifications in the Provider Affiliation Transmission (PAT) User Manual.    

6.6.2 
 Validate its compliance with minimum network requirements against the network information provided in the PAT through the submission of a completed Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template (see ACOM Policy 436
for Template). The PAT and the Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template must be submitted as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

6.6.3 
 Be subject to corrective action, if required, when the provider affiliation transmission information is untimely, inaccurate or incomplete.    

7  
  PROVIDER REQUIREMENTS         

7.1  
  Provider General Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.1.1 
 Hold a Provider Forum no less than semi-annually. The forum must be chaired by the Contractor s Administrator/CEO or designee. The purpose of the forum is to improve communication between the Contractor and its
providers. The forum shall be open to all providers including dental providers. The Provider Forum shall not be the only venue for the Contractor to communicate and participate in the issues affecting the provider network. Provider Forum meeting
agendas and minutes must be made available to AHCCCS upon request.        

7.1.2 
 Report information discussed during these Forums to Executive Management within the organization.        

7.1.3 
 Conduct meetings with providers to address issues (or to provide general information, technical assistance, etc.) related to Federal and State requirements, changes in policy, reimbursement matters, prior authorization
and other matters as identified or requested by AHCCCS.        

7.2  
  Provider Registration Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.2.1 
 Require subcontracted providers to have a license, registration, certification or accreditation in conformance with the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide, or other state or federal law and regulations.

7.2.2 
 Require through verification and monitoring that subcontracted providers:        

7.2.2.1 
 Register with AHCCCS in conformance with the AHCCCS Covered Behavioral Health Services Guide;    
      80  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.2.2.2 
 Sign the Provider Participation Agreement;        

7.2.2.3 
 Obtain a unique National Provider Identifier (NPI); and        

7.2.2.4 
 For specific requirements on Provider Registration, refer to the AHCCCS website.        

7.3  
  Provider Manual Policy Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

7.3.1 
 Develop, distribute and maintain a Provider Manual consistent with the requirements in ACOM Policy 416.        

7.3.2 
 Add the Contractor s specific provider operational requirements and information into an electronic version of the Provider Manual.    

7.3.3 
 Add Contractor-specific policies that the Contractor requires in the Provider Manual.        

7.3.4 
 Complete and disseminate Provider Manual changes to all subcontracted providers as outlined in ACOM Policy 416.        

7.3.5 
 Modify practice in accordance with the new or revised Provider Manual policies by the effective date.        

7.3.6 
 Post an electronic version of the Provider Manual policies to the Contractor s web site and make hard copies available upon request.    

7.3.7 
 Maintain the Contractor Provider Manual to be consistent with federal and state laws that govern member rights when delivering services, including the protection and enforcement, at a minimum, of a person s right
to the following:        

7.3.7.2 
 Receive information on available treatment options and alternatives, presented in a manner appropriate to the member s condition and ability to understand, 42 CFR 100(b)(2)(iii);    

7.3.7.4 
 Be free from any form of restraint or seclusion used as a means of coercion, discipline, convenience, or retaliation, 42 CFR 100(b)(2)(v);    

7.3.7.5 
 Request and receive a copy of his or her medical records, and to request that they be amended or corrected, as specified in [45 CFR part 164] and applicable state law, 42 CFR 100(b)(2)(vi); and    

7.3.8 
 Consistent with the above Contract Section on, Provider Manual Policy Requirements, include the following policies:        

7.3.8.1 
   Quality Management, including annual Quality Management Plan, Quality Management Work Plan, Quality Management
Evaluation, EPSDT Narrative Plan, EPSDT Work Plan, EPSDT Work Plan     
      81  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Evaluation Dental Narrative Plan, Dental Work Plan, Dental Work Plan Evaluation, Maternity/Family Planning Services Care Plan, Maternity/Family Planning Services Work Plan and the
Maternity/Family Planning Services Work Plan Evaluation.        

7.3.8.2 
 A description of sanctions for noncompliance with provider subcontract requirements;        

7.3.8.3 
 Financial management, audit and reporting, and disclosure;        

7.3.8.4 
 Fraud, waste, and abuse and Corporate Compliance;        

7.3.8.5 
 Medical Management/Utilization Management, including annual Medical Management Plan, Medical Management work plan and evaluation of outcomes    

7.3.8.7 
 Responsibility for clinical oversight and point of contact;        

7.3.8.8 
 Inter-rater reliability to assure the consistent application of coverage criteria;        

7.3.8.9 
 Overview of the Contractor s Provider Service department and function;        

7.3.8.10 
 Emergency room utilization guidelines, including appropriate and inappropriate use of the emergency room;        

7.3.8.11 
 Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment (EPSDT) services in conformance with the scope of work Section on, Physical Health Care Covered Services, including a description of dental services coverage and
limitations and the other EPSDT requirements in the scope of work;        

7.3.8.12 
 Maternity services in conformance with Physical Health Care Covered Services, scope of work Section on, Maternity and the Section on, Maternity Care Provider Standards;    

7.3.8.13 
 Family Planning services in conformance with scope of work Sections, Maternity Care Provider Standards and, Family Planning;        

7.3.8.15 
 Physical and behavioral health coordination of care;        

7.3.8.16 
 Referrals to specialists and other providers that include, criteria, processes, responsible parties and meets the minimum requirements for the forwarding of member medical information;    

7.3.8.19 
 Appointment standards; and wait times for transportation for medical and behavioral health services.    
      82  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.3.9 
 SMI Member Transition policies on:        

7.3.9.1 
 Members with significant medical conditions such as, a high-risk pregnancy or pregnancy within the last trimester, the need for organ or tissue transplantation, chronic illness resulting in hospitalization or nursing
facility placement, etc.;        

7.3.9.2 
 Members who are receiving ongoing services such as dialysis, home health, chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy, or who are hospitalized at the time of transition;    

7.3.9.3 
 Members who frequently contact AHCCCS, State and local officials, the Governor s Office and/or the media;        

7.3.9.4 
 Members who have received prior authorization for services such as scheduled surgeries, post-surgical follow-up visits, out-of-area specialty services, or nursing home admission;    

7.3.9.5 
 Continue medically necessary prescriptions, Durable Medical Equipment (DME) and transportation ordered for the transitioning member by the relinquishing Contractor;    

7.3.9.6 
 Medical records of the transitioning member (the cost, if any, of reproducing and forwarding medical records shall be the responsibility of the relinquishing AHCCCS Contractor); and    

7.4  
  Provider Manual Policy Network Requirements       The Contractor shall, consistent with the
Scope of Work Provider Manual Policy Requirements Section, include the following Provider Network Policies and Procedures, 42 CFR 438.214:      

7.4.2 
 Communication with providers regarding contractual and program changes and requirements;        

7.4.3 
 Monitoring and maintaining providers  compliance with AHCCCS policies and rules, including Grievance and Appeal System requirements and ensuring member care is not compromised during the grievance/appeal process;

7.4.4 
 Evaluating the network for delivery of quality of covered services;        

7.4.5 
 Providing or arranging for medically necessary covered services should the network become temporarily insufficient;        

7.4.6 
 Monitoring the adequacy, accessibility and availability of the Provider Network to meet the needs of the members, including the provision of culturally and linguistically competent care to members with limited
proficiency in English;        

7.4.7 
 Monitoring network capacity to have sufficient qualified providers to serve all members and meet their specialized needs;        

7.4.8 
 Processing expedited and temporary credentials;    
      83  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.4.9 
 Recruiting, selecting, credentialing, re-credentialing and contracting with providers in a manner that incorporates quality management, quality of care concerns, utilization, office audits and provider profiling;

7.4.10 
 Ensure a process is in place to monitor provider credentialing issues during non-re-credentialing years;        

7.4.11 
 Providing training for its providers and maintaining records of such training;        

7.4.12 
 Tracking and trending provider inquiries/complaints/requests for information and taking systemic action as necessary and appropriate;    

7.4.13 
 Ensuring that provider calls are acknowledged within three business days of receipt, are resolved and the result communicated to the provider within 30 business days of receipt (includes referrals from AHCCCS);

7.4.14 
 Service accessibility, including monitoring appointment standards, appointment waiting times and service provision standards;        

7.4.15 
 Guidelines to establish reasonable geographic access to service for members;        

7.4.16 
 Collecting information on the cultural and linguistic needs of communities and that the Provider Network adequately addresses identified cultural and linguistic needs; and    

7.4.17 
 Provider capacity by provider type needed to deliver covered services.        

7.5  
  Specialty Service Providers       The Contractor shall:  

7.5.1 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS, which may at any time negotiate or contract on behalf of the Contractor and AHCCCS for specialized hospital and medical services such as transplant services, anti-hemophilic agents and
pharmaceutical related services. Existing Contractor resources will be considered in the development and execution of specialty contracts.        

7.5.2 
 Modify its service delivery network to accommodate the provisions of specialty contracts when required by AHCCCS. AHCCCS may waive this requirement in particular situations if such action is determined to be in the best
interest of the state.        

7.5.3 
 Not include in Capitation Rates and Contractor Specific Requirements development or risk sharing arrangement of any reimbursement exceeding that payable under the relevant AHCCCS specialty contract.    

7.5.4 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS during the term of specialty contracts if AHCCCS acts as an intermediary between the Contractor and specialty Contractors to enhance the cost effectiveness of service delivery and medical
management.        

7.5.5 
 Be responsible for adjudication of claims related to payments provided under specialty contracts. AHCCCS may provide technical assistance prior to the implementation of any specialty contracts.    

7.5.6 
 Be given at least 60 days advance written notice prior to the implementation of any specialty contract.    
      84  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.6  
  Primary Care Provider Standards       For SMI members eligible to receive physical health
care services, the Contractor shall:      

7.6.1 
 Have a sufficient number of PCPs in its Provider Network to meet the requirements of this Contract.        

7.6.2 
 Have Arizona licensed PCPs as allopathic or osteopathic physicians in its Provider Network that generally specialize in family practice, internal medicine, obstetrics, gynecology, or pediatrics; certified nurse
practitioners or certified nurse midwives; or physician s assistants, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(2).        

7.6.3 
 When determining assignments to a PCP:        

7.6.3.3 
 Adjust the size of a PCP s panel, as needed, for the PCP to meet AHCCCS  appointment and clinical performance standards; and    

7.6.3.4 
 Be informed by AHCCCS when a PCP has a panel of more than 1,800 AHCCCS members to assist in the assessment of the size of its panel.    

7.6.4 
 Monitor PCP assignments so that each member is assigned to an individual PCP and that the Contractor s data regarding PCP assignments is current.    

7.6.5 
 Assign members diagnosed with AIDS or as HIV positive to PCPs that comply with criteria and standards set forth in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

7.6.6 
 Educate and train providers serving EPSDT members to utilize AHCCCS-approved EPSDT Tracking Forms.        

7.6.7 
 Offer members freedom of choice within its network in selecting a PCP consistent with, 42 CFR 438.6(m) and 438.52(d) and this contract. Any American Indian who is enrolled with the Contractor and who is eligible to
receive services from a participating I/T/U provider may elect that I/T/U as his or her primary care provider, if that I/T/U participates in the network as a primary care provider and has capacity to provide the services per ARRA
Section 5006(d) and SMD letter 10-001). ix         

7.6.8 
 Members will have a choice of at least two primary care providers, and may request change of primary care provider at least at the times described in, 42 CFR 438.56(c). In addition, the Contractor shall offer contracts
to primary and specialist physicians who have established relationships with beneficiaries including specialists who may also serve as PCPs to encourage continuity of provider.    

7.6.9 
 Ensure individuals who transition to the Contractor for their physical health from a health plan and who have an established relationship with a PCP that does not participate in the Contractor s provider network,
the Contractor will provide, at a minimum, a 12-month transition period in which the individual may continue to seek care from their established PCP while the individual, the Contractor and/or case manager finds an alternative PCP within the
Contractor s provider network.        

7.6.10 
 Not restrict PCP choice unless the member has shown an inability to form a relationship with a PCP, as evidenced by frequent changes, or when there is a medically necessary reason.    

7.6.11 
 Inform the member in writing of his or her enrollment and PCP assignment within 12 business days of the Contractor s receipt of notification by AHCCCS. See ACOM Policy 404 for member information requirements.
   
      85  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.6.12 
 Include with the notification required in Contract Section on, Primary Care Provider Standards;        

7.6.12.3 
 Information required in the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Member Information Policy.        

7.6.13 
 Inform the member in writing of any PCP change.        

7.6.14 
 Allow members to make the initial PCP selection and any subsequent PCP changes verbally or in writing.        

7.6.15 
 Hold the PCP responsible, at a minimum, for the following activities:        

7.6.15.1 
 Supervision, coordination and provision of care to each assigned member; except for dental services provided to EPSDT members without a PCP referral;    

7.6.15.2 
 Initiation of referrals for medically necessary specialty care;        

7.6.15.3 
 Maintaining continuity of care for each assigned member;        

7.6.15.4 
 Maintaining the member s medical record, including documentation of all services provided to the member by the PCP, as well as any specialty or referral services;    

7.6.15.6 
 Providing clinical information regarding member s health and medications to the treating provider, including behavioral health providers, within 10 business days of a request from the provider;    

7.6.15.7 
 In lieu of developing a medical record when behavioral health information is received on a member not yet seen by the PCP, a separate file may be established to hold behavioral health information. The behavioral health
information must be added to the member medical record when the member becomes an established patient; and        

7.6.16 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to monitor PCP activities.        

7.6.17 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to notify and provide documentation to PCPs for specialty and referral services available to members by specialty physicians, and other health care professionals.

7.7  
  Maternity Care Provider Standards       For SMI members receiving physical health care
services under this Contract who are pregnant, the Contractor shall:      

7.7.1 
 Designate a maternity care provider for each pregnant member for the duration of her pregnancy and postpartum care to deliver maternity services in conformance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    
      86  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

7.7.2 
 Include the following maternity care providers in its provider network:        

7.7.2.1 
 Arizona licensed allopathic and/or osteopathic physicians that are Obstetricians or general practice/family practice providers to provide maternity care services;    

7.7.3 
 Offer pregnant members a choice or be assigned, a PCP that provides obstetrical care consistent with the freedom of choice requirements for selecting health care professionals so as not to compromise the member s
continuity of care.        

7.7.4 
 Allow members anticipated to have a low-risk delivery, the option to elect to receive labor and delivery services in their home from their maternity provider if this setting is included in the allowable settings for the
Contractor, and the Contractor has providers in its network that offer home labor and delivery services.        

7.7.5 
 Allow members anticipated to have a low-risk prenatal course and delivery the option to elect to receive prenatal care, labor and delivery and postpartum care by certified nurse midwives or licensed midwives.

7.7.6 
 For members receiving maternity services from a certified nurse midwife or a licensed midwife, assign a PCP to provide other health care and medical services. A certified nurse midwife may provide those primary care
services that he or she is willing to provide and that the member elects to receive from the certified nurse midwife. Members receiving care from a certified nurse midwife may also elect to receive some or all her primary care from the assigned PCP.
Licensed midwives may not provide any additional medical services as primary care that is not within their scope of practice.        

7.7.7 
 Require all physicians and certified nurse midwives who perform deliveries to have OB hospital privileges or a documented hospital coverage agreement for those practitioners performing deliveries in alternate settings.
Licensed midwives perform deliveries only in the member s home. Physicians, certified nurse practitioners and certified nurse midwives within the scope of their practice, may provide labor and delivery services in the member s home.

7.7.8 
 A normal newborn may be granted an extended stay in the hospital of birth when the mother s continued stay in the hospital is beyond the 48 or 96 hour stay. However, for payment purposes, inpatient limits will
apply to the extent consistent with EPSDT.        

7.7.9 
 Submit Maternity Care Deliverables in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

7.8  
  Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics         

7.8.1 
 The Contractor is encouraged to use Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics (FQHCs/RHCs) and FQHC Look-Alikes in Arizona to provide covered services. FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes are paid unique,
cost-based Prospective Payment System (PPS) rates for non-pharmacy ambulatory Medicaid-covered services. The PPS rate is an all-inclusive per visit rate. x     
      87  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The Contractor shall:  

7.8.2 
 Ensure compliance with the requirement of 42 USC 1396 b (m)(2)(A)(ix) which requires that the Contractor s payments, in aggregate, will not be less than the level and amount of payment which the Contractor would
make for the services if the services were furnished by a provider which is not a FQHC or RHC. xi         

7.8.3 
 For dates of service on and after April 1, 2015, the Contractor shall pay the unique PPS rates, or negotiate sub-capitated agreements comparable to the unique PPS rates, to FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for
PPS-eligible visits.        

7.8.4 
 Be aware that AHCCCS reserves the right to require the Contractor to pay FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes unique, cost based Prospective Payment System (PPS) rates for the majority, but not all, of non-pharmacy Medicaid
covered services or negotiate sub-capitated agreements comparable to the unique PPS rates for PPS eligible services.        

7.8.5 
 For services not eligible for PPS reimbursement, AHCCCS reserves the right to require the Contractor to negotiate rates of payment with FQHCs/RHCs and FQHC Look-Alikes for non-pharmacy services that are comparable to
the rates paid to providers that provide similar services.        

7.8.6 
 Be aware that AHCCCS reserves the right to review a Contractor s rates with an FQHC/RHC and FQHC Look-Alikes for reasonableness and to require adjustments when rates are found to be substantially less than those
being paid to other, non-FQHC/RHC/ FQHC Look-Alikes providers for comparable services, or not equal to or substantially less than the PPS rates.        

7.8.7 
 Submit member information, if required, for Title XIX and Title XXI members for each FQHC/RHC/FQHC Look-Alikes as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables and the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.
AHCCCS may perform periodic audits of the member information submitted.        

7.8.8 
 The Contractor should refer to the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors for further guidance. The FQHCs//RHCs/FQHC Look-Alikes registered with AHCCCS are listed on the AHCCCS website.    

7.8.9 
 See the Contract Section in Scope of Services, Prescription Medications for more information related to 340B Drug Pricing.        

8  
  MEDICAL MANAGEMENT         

8.1  
  General Requirements       AHCCCS will provide a new Contractor (including an Incumbent
Contractor new to a GSA) with three years of historical Acute Care Program encounter data for members enrolled with the Contractor. Contractors should use this data to assist with identifying members in need of medical management.  
 On a recurring basis (no less than quarterly based on adjudication date), AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor an electronic file of claims and
encounter data for members enrolled with the Contractor who have received services, during the member s enrollment period, from another contractor or through AHCCCS FFS for purposes of member care coordination.  
 The Contractor shall develop a plan outlining short-and long-term strategies for improving care coordination using the physical and behavioral
health care data available for members with behavioral  
      88  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
health needs. In addition, the Contractor shall develop an outcome measurement plan to track the progress of the strategies. The plan outlining the strategies for improving care coordination and
the outcome measurement must be reported in the annual Medical Management (MM) Plan, Evaluation and Work Plan submitted to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.  
 The Contractor shall maintain a written MM plan and Work Plan that addresses the monitoring of MM activities (AMPM Chapter 1000). The Plan,
Work Plan, and Evaluation must be submitted for review within timelines specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    The Contractor shall:  

8.1.1 
 Develop policies and implement processes to assess, plan, implement, evaluate and, as mandated, report Medical Management (MM) monitoring activities as specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM) Chapter 1000
and the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual (ACOM).        

8.1.2 
 Adhere to Federal regulations and AHCCCS requirements.        

8.1.3 
 Report Medical Management data and management activities through the MM Committee to analyze the data, make recommendations for action, monitor the effectiveness of actions and report these findings to the Committee.

8.1.4 
 The Contractor shall have in effect mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs, 42 CFR 438.240(b)(4).    

8.1.5 
 Develop an annual Medical Management (MM) Plan, evaluation, and work plan that includes:        

8.1.5.1 
 A description of a MM Unit within its Organizational structure that is separate and distinct from any other units or departments such as Quality Management;    

8.1.5.3 
 Pharmacy and Therapeutics (P T) subcommittee and other subcommittees under the MM Committee;        

8.1.5.4 
 A requirement that the Contractor s MM Committee and Pharmacy and Therapeutics (P T) subcommittee meet at least quarterly and are chaired by the Chief Medical Officer.    

8.1.6 
 The Contractor must identify and track members who utilize Emergency Department (ED) services inappropriately four or more times within a six month period. Interventions must be implemented to educate the member on
the appropriate use of the ED and divert members to the right care in the appropriate place of service. The Contractor shall submit a semi-annual report as specified in AMPM Policy 1020 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

8.1.7 
 The Contractor shall report Adult and Children s Emergency Department Wait Times in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      89  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.1.8 
 Assure that all staff members having contact with members or providers receive initial and ongoing training with regard to the appropriate identification and referral of quality of care/service concerns.

8.1.9 
 AHCCCS covers medically necessary transplantation services and related immunosuppressant medications in accordance with Federal and State law and regulations. The Contractor shall not make payments for organ transplants
not provided for in the State Plan except as otherwise required pursuant to, 42 USC 1396 (d)(r)(5) for persons receiving services under EPSDT. The Contractor must follow the written standards that provide for similarly situated individuals to be
treated alike and for any restriction on facilities or practitioners to be consistent with the accessibility of high quality care to enrollees per Sections (1903(i) and 1903(i)(1)) of the Social Security Act. Refer to the AMPM, Chapter 300, Exhibit
310-DD and the AHCCCS Reinsurance Manual. xii        Criminal Justice System
Reach-in Care Coordination : To facilitate the transition of members transitioning out of jails and prisons into communities, AHCCCS is engaged in a data exchange process that allows AHCCCS to suspend eligibility upon incarceration, rather than
terminate coverage. Upon the member s release, the member s AHCCCS eligibility is un-suspended allowing for immediate care coordination activities. To support this initiative the Contractor is required to participate in criminal justice
system  reach-in  care coordination efforts.       Effective October 1, 2016, the Contractor shall implement reach-in
care coordination for members who have been incarcerated in the adult correctional system for 30 days or longer, and have an anticipated release date. Reach-in care coordination activities shall begin upon knowledge of a member s anticipated
release date. The Contractor shall collaborate with criminal justice partners (e.g. Jails, Sheriff s Office, Correctional Health Services, Arizona Department of Corrections, including Community Supervision, Probation, Courts), to identify
justice-involved members in the adult criminal justice system with physical and/or behavioral health chronic and/or complex care needs prior to member s release. When behavioral health needs are identified, the Contractor shall also collaborate
with the member s behavioral health Contractor (if the member s care is not integrated). 
      90  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.1.10.1.1 
 Designation of a Justice System Liaison who will be responsible for the reach-in initiative and who;        

8.1.10.1.3 
 Is the single point of contact to communicate with justice systems and AHCCCS Acute Care Contractors, if appropriate, and        

8.1.10.1.4 
 Is the interagency liaison with the Arizona Department of Corrections (ADOC), County Jails, Sherriff s Office, Correctional Health Services, Arizona Office of the Courts (AOC) and Probation Departments.

8.1.10.1.5 
 Identification of the name(s) and contact information for all criminal justice system partner(s);        

8.1.10.1.6 
 Identification of the name(s) and contact information for AHCCCS Contractor partner(s) for purposes of coordinating care for both physical and behavioral health needs;    

8.1.10.1.7 
 Description of the process for coordination with Maricopa County jail, if appropriate, for identification of those members in probation status;    

8.1.10.1.8 
 Designation of parameters for identification of members requiring reach-in care coordination (e.g. definition of chronic and/or complex care needs) through agreement with reach-in partners;    

8.1.10.1.9 
 Description of the process and timeframes for communicating with reach-in partners;        

8.1.10.1.10 
 Description of the process and timeframes for initiating communication with reach-in members;        

8.1.10.1.11 
 Description of methodology for assessment of anticipated cost savings to include analysis of medical expense for these identified members prior to incarceration and subsequent to reach in activities and release.

8.1.10.2.1 
 Develop process for identification of members meeting the established parameters for reach-in care coordination (chronic and/or complex care needs). The Contractor must utilize the 834 file data provided to the
Contractor by AHCCCS to assist with identification of members. The Contractor may also use additional data if available for this purpose;        

8.1.10.2.2 
 Strategies for providing member education regarding care, services, resources, appointment information and health plan case management contact information;    
      91  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.1.10.2.3 
 Requirements for scheduling of initial appointments with appropriate provider(s) based on member needs; appointment to occur within seven days of member release;    

8.1.10.2.4 
 Strategies regarding ongoing follow up with the member after release from incarceration to assist with accessing and scheduling necessary services as identified in the member s care plan;    

8.1.10.2.5 
 Should re-incarceration occur, strategies to reengage member and maintain care coordination;        

8.1.11 
 Beginning CYE18, the Contractor shall report the Reach-In Plan to AHCCCS in the annual Medical Management Plan and report outcome summaries in the Medical Management Evaluation, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.
In addition, AHCCCS may run performance metrics such as emergency room utilization, inpatient utilization, reduction in recidivism and other access to care measures for the population to monitor care coordination activities and effectiveness.

8.1.12 
 The Contractor must notify AHCCCS upon becoming aware that a member may be an inmate of a public institution when the member s enrollment has not been suspended, and will receive a file from AHCCCS as specified in
Section on Capitation Adjustment.       Outreach to Service Members, Veterans and Families:  The Contractor shall partner
with community organizations which provide care and support for service members, veterans and families. Utilizing a collaborative approach, the Contractor shall identify members who may benefit from outreach regarding available programs and services
and shall develop and implement outreach activities which inform members and families of the benefits available and how to access those services. The Contractor shall train staff on the available community resources and appropriate actions to take
to ensure members are afforded the ability to be connected to these resources. The Contractor shall report its activities regarding these services in the annual Medical Management Plan and Work Plan, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. 

8.2  
  Utilization Data Analysis and Data Management       The Contractor shall:  

8.2.1 
 Develop a process to collect, monitor, analyze, evaluate and report utilization data consistent with the AMPM Chapter 1000.        

8.2.2 
 At a minimum, review and analyze the following data elements, interpret the variances, review outcomes and develop and/or approve interventions based on the findings:    

8.2.2.1 
 Under and over utilization of service and cost data;        

8.2.2.2 
 Avoidable hospital admissions and readmission rates and the Average Length of Stay (ALOS) for all psychiatric inpatient facilities for all members receiving behavioral health services;    
      92  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.2.2.3 
 Medical facilities for Medicaid eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services;        

8.2.2.6 
 Emergency Department (ED) utilization and crisis services use;        

8.2.2.7 
 Prior authorization/denial and notices of action;        

8.2.3 
 Ensure intervention strategies have measurable outcomes and are recorded in the MM Committee meeting minutes.        

8.3  
  Prior Authorization and Referral Management       The Contractor shall:  

8.3.2 
 Identify and communicate to providers and members those services that require authorization and the relevant clinical criteria required for authorization decisions, 42 CFR 438.10(f)(6)(vi).    

8.3.4 
 Specify timeframes for responding to requests for initial and continuous determinations for standard and expedited authorization requests, 42 CFR 438.210(d)(1 2).    

8.3.5 
 Criteria for decisions based on medical necessity is clear and based on valid and reliable clinical evidence or a consensus of providers in the particular field, 42 CFR 438.236(b)(1).    

8.3.7 
 Review all prior authorization requirements for services, items or medications annually. The review will be reported through the MM Committee and will include the rationale for changes made to prior authorization
requirements. A summary of the prior authorization requirement changes and the rationale for those changes must be included in the annual MM Evaluation submission.    

8.3.8 
 Have a process in place for authorization determinations when Contractor is not the primary payor.        

8.3.9 
 Comply with all decision timelines as outlined in the ACOM and the AMPM.  http://www.ahcccs.state.az.us .    
      93  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.4.1 
 The Contractor shall notify the requesting provider and give the member written notice of any decision by the Contractor to deny, reduce, suspend or terminate a service authorization request, or to authorize a service
in an amount, duration, or scope that is less than requested, 42 CFR 438.400(b). The notice shall meet the requirements of, 42 CFR 438.404, AHCCCS rules and ACOM Policy 414.    

The notice to the provider must also be in writing as specified in Exhibit-15, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards of this contract, 42 CFR 438.210(c). The Contractor must comply with all decision timelines
outlined in ACOM Policy 414.        

8.4.2 
 The Contractor shall ensure that its providers, acting within the lawful scope of their practice are not prohibited or otherwise restricted from advising or advocating, on behalf of a member who is his or her patient,
42 CFR 438.102:        

8.4.2.2 
 Any information the member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options;        

8.4.2.3 
 The risks, benefits, and consequences of treatment or non-treatment; and,        

8.4.2.4 
 The member s right to participate in decisions regarding his or her behavioral health care, including the right to refuse treatment, and to express preferences about future treatment decisions, 42 CFR
438.100(b)(2)(iv).        
   The Contractor shall:  

8.5.1 
 Ensure consistent application of review criteria that governs the utilization of services in institutional settings; provide a basis for consistent decisions for utilization management, coverage of services, and other
areas to which the guidelines apply.        

8.5.2 
 Contractors must have policies and procedures in place that govern the process for proactive discharge planning when members have been admitted into acute care facilities, Behavioral Health Inpatient Facilities (BHIFs),
Behavioral Health Residential Facilities (BHRFs), and Home Care Training to Home Care Client (HCTC) facilities. The intent of the discharge planning policy and procedure would be to increase the utilization management of inpatient admissions and
decrease readmissions within 30 days of discharge.        

8.5.3 
 In addition, 42 CFR 447.26 prohibits payment for Provider-Preventable Conditions that meet the definition of a Health Care-Acquired Condition (HCAC) or an Other Provider Preventable Condition (OPPC) (refer to AMPM
Chapter 1000). If an HCAC or OPPC is identified, the Contractor must report the occurrence to AHCCCS and conduct a quality of care investigation and in accordance with  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.

8.5.4 
 Require admission and continued stay authorizations for members in acute care facilities, Behavioral Health Inpatient Facilities (BHIFs), Behavioral Health Residential Facilities (BHRFs), and Home Care Training to Home
Care Client (HCTC) facilities are conducted by a physician or other qualified health care professional.    
      94  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.5.5 
 Under 42 C.F.R. 438.210(b)(3), qualified health care professionals, with appropriate clinical expertise in treating the enrollee s condition or disease, will render decisions to deny if the criteria for admission
or continued stay is not met.        

8.5.6 
 The Contractor shall notify the requesting provider and give the member written notice of any decision by the Contractor to deny, reduce, suspend or terminate a service authorization request, or to authorize a service
in an amount, duration, or scope that is less than requested, 42 CFR 438.400(b). The notice shall meet the requirements of 42 CFR 438.404, AHCCCS rules and ACOM Policy 414. The notice to the provider must also be in writing as specified in
Exhibit-14, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards of this contract [42 CFR 438.210(c)]. The Contractor must comply with all decision timelines outlined in ACOM Policy 414.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

8.6.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures for proactive discharge planning when members have been admitted into inpatient facilities even when the Contractor is not the primary payer. See Also AMPM 320-O.

8.7  
  Inter-rater Reliability       The Contractor shall:  

8.7.1 
 Develop and implement a process to ensure consistent application of review criteria in making medical necessity decisions which include prior authorization, concurrent review, and retrospective review.

8.7.2 
 Ensure that all staff involved in these processes receive inter-rater reliability training and are tested within 90 days of hire and annually thereafter.    

8.8  
  Retrospective Review       The Contractor shall:  

8.8.1 
 Develop and implement a policy and procedure describing services requiring retrospective review.        

8.8.2 
 Develop and implement guidelines to determine if a Provider-Preventable condition occurred and if the Health Care Acquired Condition (HCAC) or Other Provider-Preventable Condition (OPPC) was the result of a mistake or
error by a hospital or medical professional.        

8.8.3 
 Conduct a quality of care investigation and report the HCAC or OPPC occurrence to AHCCCS Clinical Quality Management quarterly, and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      95  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.9  
  Development and/or Adoption of Practice Guidelines       The Contractor shall:  

8.9.1 
 Adopt and disseminate to providers, members and potential members upon request, Clinical Practice Guidelines based on reliable clinical evidence or a consensus of providers in the particular field that consider member
needs, 42 CFR 438.236(c).        

8.9.2 
 Review Clinical Practice Guidelines annually in the MM/UM Committee and in conjunction with contracted providers to determine if the guidelines remain applicable and reflect the best practice standards, 42 CFR
438.236(b).        

8.9.3 
 Provide a basis for consistent decisions for utilization management, member education, coverage of services, and other areas to which the guidelines apply, 42 CFR 438.236(d).    

8.10  
  New Medical Technologies and New Uses of Existing Technologies       The Contractor shall:

8.10.1 
 Develop and implement policie and procedures for evaluation of new medical technologies and new uses of existing technologies on a case by case basis to allow for individual members  needs to be met.

8.10.2 
 Evaluate peer-reviewed medical literature that includes well designed investigations reproduced by non-affiliated authoritative sources with measurable results and with positive endorsements by national medical bodies
regarding scientific efficacy and rationale.        

8.11  
  Continuity and Care Coordination       The Contractor shall:  

8.11.1 
 Comply with all requirements in Contract Sections on, Care Coordination and Collaboration.        

8.11.2 
 Establish a process to ensure coordination of member care needs across the continuum based on early identification of health risk factors or special care needs.    

8.11.3 
 Ensure the provision of appropriate services in acute, home, chronic, and alternative care settings that meet the members  needs in the most cost effective manner available.    

8.11.4 
 Establish a process for timely and confidential communication of clinical information among providers.        

8.11.5 
 Address, document, refer, and/or follow up on each member s health status, changes in health status, health care needs, and health care services provided.    

8.11.6 
 Include the health risk assessment tool in the new member welcome packet.        

8.11.7 
 Implement procedures to deliver primary care to and coordinate health care service for members. These procedures must ensure that each member has an ongoing source of primary care appropriate to his or her needs and a
person or entity formally designated as primarily responsible for coordinating the health care services furnished to the enrollee. [42 CFR 438.208(b)(1)].        

8.11.8 
 Coordinate and implement any necessary clinical interventions or service plan revisions in the event a particular member is identified as an outlier.    
      96  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.11.9 
 Proactively provide care coordination for members who have multiple complaints regarding services or the AHCCCS Program. This includes, but is not limited to, members who do not meet the Contractor s criteria for
case management.        

8.11.10 
 Proactively provide care coordination for members who have both behavioral health and physical health needs. Meet regularly with the Acute Care, DES/DDD and CMDP Contractors to improve and address coordination of care
issues. Meetings shall occur at least every other month or more frequently if needed to develop process, implement interventions, and discuss outcomes. Care coordination meetings and staffings shall occur at least monthly or more often as necessary
to affect change.        

8.11.12 
 Identify High Need/High Cost members for each Acute Care Contractor in each RBHA Geographic Service Area in accordance with the standardized criteria developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup:    

8.11.12.1 
 Plan interventions for addressing appropriate and timely care for these identified members;        

8.11.12.2 
 Report outcome summaries utilizing the standardized template developed by the AHCCCS/Contractor workgroup as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables;    

8.11.12.3 
 Short-and long-term strategies for improving care coordination using the physical and behavioral health care data available for members with behavioral health needs;    

8.11.12.4 
 Documentation of collaboration and meetings with AIHP and AHCCCS Health Plans in their assigned GSA at least semi-monthly to identify and jointly manage shared members that would benefit from intervention and care
coordination to improve health outcomes;        

8.11.12.5 
 Documentation of the High Need High Cost Report to AHCCCS every six months regarding criteria to identify members, count of members and outcomes;    

8.11.12.6 
 Proposed interventions to improve health care outcomes, such as developing care management strategies to work with acute care providers to coordinate care;    

8.11.12.7 
 Identification of a minimum of one measurable short and long term goal designed to determine the impact of applied interventions such as reduced emergency room visits (all cause, inpatient admissions (all cause), and
readmission rates (all cause). and        

8.11.12.8 
 Identify and track members who utilize Emergency Department (ED) services inappropriately four or more times within a six month period. Interventions must be implemented to educate the member on the appropriate use
of the ED and divert members to the right care in the appropriate place of service. The Contractor shall submit a semi-annual report as specified in AMPM Policy 1020 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      97  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

8.12.1 
 Develop and implement a program that focuses on members with high risk and/or chronic conditions that include a concerted intervention plan, including interventions targeting chronic behavioral and physical health
conditions such as, but not limited to, depression, bi-polar disorder, schizophrenia, cardiac disease, chronic heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diabetes mellitus and asthma.    

8.12.2 
 Ensure the goal of the program is to employ strategies such as health coaching and wellness to facilitate behavioral change to address underlying health risks and to increase member self-management as well as improve
practice patterns of providers, thereby improving healthcare outcomes for members.        

8.12.3 
 Develop methodologies to evaluate the effectiveness of programs including education specifically related to the identified member s ability to self-manage disease and measurable outcomes.    

8.12.4 
 Report results and provide for analysis of the program through the MM Committee.        
   Care Management is essential to successfully improving
healthcare outcomes for a specifically defined segment of Title XIX eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract. Care Management is designed to cover a wide spectrum of episodic and chronic health care conditions
for members in the top tier of high need/high cost members with an emphasis on proactive health promotion, health education, and disease management including consultation to a member s Treatment Team and direct engagement with members; and
self-management resulting in improved physical and behavioral health outcomes. These activities are performed by the Contractor s Care Managers. Care Management is an administrative function of the Contractor and not a billable service nor can
Care Managers bill for covered behavioral health services including the day-to-day duties of case management. See also AMPM Policy 1020.  
 The primary goals of the Contractor s Care Management program are as follows:  

8.13.1 
 Identify the top tier of high need/high cost members with serious mental illness in a fully integrated health care program (estimated at 20%);    

8.13.2 
 Effectively transition members from one level of care to another;        

8.13.3 
 Streamline, monitor and adjust members  care plans based on progress and outcomes;        

8.13.4 
 Reduce hospital admissions and unnecessary emergency department and crisis service use; and        

8.13.5 
 Provide members with the proper tools to self-manage care in order to safely live work and integrate into the community.        

8.13.6 
 Submit reports in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

8.14  
  Care Management Program-General Requirements       For SMI members receiving physical health
care services under this Contract, the Contractor shall:      

8.14.1 
 Establish and maintain a Care Management Program (CMP).        

8.14.2 
 Have the following capability for the top tier of high need/ high cost SMI members:    
      98  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.14.2.1 
 On an ongoing basis, utilize tools and strategies to stratify all SMI members into a case registry, which at a minimum, shall include:    

8.14.2.2 
 Diagnostic classification methods that assign primary and secondary chronic co-morbid conditions;        

8.14.2.3 
 Predictive models that rely on administrative data to identify those members at a high risk for over utilization of behavioral health and physical health services, adverse events, and high costs;    

8.14.2.4 
 Incorporation of health risk assessment into predictive modeling in order to tier members into categories of need to design appropriate levels of clinical intervention, especially for those members with the most
potential for improved health-related outcome and more cost effective treatment;        

8.14.2.5 
 Criteria for identifying the top tier of high cost, high need members for enrollment into the Care Management Program; and        

8.14.2.6 
 Criteria for disenrolling members from the Care Management Program.        

8.14.3 
 Assign and monitor Care Management caseloads based upon national standards and consistent with a member s acuity and complexity of need for Care Management.    

8.14.4 
 Allocate Care Management resources to members consistent with acuity, and evidence-based outcome expectations.        

8.14.5 
 Provide technical assistance to Care Managers including case review, continuous education, training and supervision.        

8.14.6 
 Communicate Care Management activities with the Contractor s Medical Management, Quality Management and Provider Network departments.    

8.14.7 
 Have Care Managers who, at a minimum, shall be required to complete a comprehensive case analysis review of each member enrolled in Contractor s Care Management Program on a quarterly basis. The case analysis
review shall include, at a minimum:        

8.14.7.3 
 Review of administrative data such as claims/encounters; and        

8.14.8 
 Care Managers shall establish and maintain a Care Management Plan for each member enrolled in Contractor s Care Management Program. The Care Management Plan, at a minimum, shall:    

8.14.8.1 
 Describe the clinical interventions recommended to the treatment team;        

8.14.8.2 
 Identify coordination gaps, strategies to improve care coordination with the member s service providers;    
      99  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.14.8.3 
 Require strategies to monitor referrals and follow-up for specialty care and routine health care services including medication monitoring; and    

8.14.8.4 
 Align with the member s Individual Recovery Plan, but is neither a part of nor a substitute for that Plan.        
   The Contractor shall implement processes to assess, plan,
implement, evaluate, and as mandated, report Medical Management (MM) monitoring activities as specified in the AMPM Chapter 1000 Section K, Drug Utilization Review. The Contractor shall evaluate MM activities, as specified in the AMPM Chapter 1000,
including but not limited to:      

8.15.1 
 Developing and implementing a process for ongoing review of the prescribing, dispensing, and use of medications to assure efficacious, clinically appropriate, safe, and cost-effective drug therapy to improve health
status and quality of care.        

8.15.2 
 Ensuring coverage decisions are based on scientific evidence, standards of practice, peer-reviewed medical literature, outcomes research data, or practice guidelines, 42 CFR 438.236(d).    

8.15.3 
 Performing pattern analyses that evaluate clinical appropriateness, over and underutilization, therapeutic duplications, contraindications, drug interactions, incorrect duration of drug treatment, clinical abuse or
misuse, use of generic products, and mail order medications, 42 CFR 438.204(b)(3).        

8.15.4 
 Providing education to prescribers on drug therapy problems based on utilization patterns with the aim of improving safety, prescribing practices, and therapeutic outcomes.    

8.15.5 
 Engaging in activities to monitor controlled and non-controlled medication use as outlined in AMPM Policy 310-FF to ensure members receive clinically appropriate prescriptions. The Contractor is required to report to
AHCCCS, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, a Pharmacy and/or Prescriber - Member Assignment Report which includes the number of members which on the date of the report are restricted to using a specific Pharmacy or Prescriber/Providers due to
excessive use of prescriptive medications (narcotics and non-narcotics); and        

8.15.6 
 Pharmacy management including the evaluation, reporting, analysis and interventions based on the data and reported through the Contractors Medical Management Committee.    

8.16  
  Pre-Admission Screening and Resident Review (PASRR) Requirements       The Contractor shall:

8.16.1 
 Administer the PASRR Level II evaluations and meet required time frames for assessment and submission to AHCCCS.        

8.16.2 
 Determine the appropriateness of admitting persons with mental illness to Medicaid-certified nursing facilities, to determine if the level of care provided by the nursing facility is needed and whether specialized
services for persons with mental impairments are required.        

8.16.3 
 Subcontract for these services if necessary, and demonstrate that a licensed physician who is Board-certified or Board-eligible in psychiatry conducts PASRR Level II evaluations in conformance with, 42 CFR Part 483,
Subpart C and as outlined in AMPM Policy 1220-C.        

8.16.4 
 Submit a PASRR packet that includes an invoice to the AHCCCS.    
      100  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

8.17  
  Engaging Members through Technology:       The Contractor shall engage its membership through
web based applications. The Contractor shall identify populations who can benefit from web based applications used to assist members with self-management of health care needs such as, chronic conditions, pregnancy, or other health related
topics the Contractor considers to be most beneficial to members. The Contractor shall submit an executive summary to AHCCCS, DHCM, Medical Management Unit by December 1, 2016 to include at a minimum:  

8.17.1 
 Criteria for identifying at least 10% of the Contractor s members who can benefit from web based applications,        

8.17.3 
 Description of web applications in development or being utilized to engage members,        

8.17.4 
 Strategies used to engage the identified members in the use of the web applications, and        

8.18  
  Medical Management Reporting Requirements         

8.18.1 
 The Contractor shall submit all deliverables related to Medical Management in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

9  
  APPOINTMENT AND REFERRAL REQUIREMENTS         

9.1  
  Appointments for Behavioral Health Services       The Contractor shall:  

9.1.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures to actively monitor and track provider compliance with appointment availability standards and timeliness of appointments for members as required in ACOM Policy 417 [42 CFR
438.206] and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

9.1.2 
 The Contractor shall ensure that providers offer a range of appointment availability, per appointment timeliness standards, for intakes and ongoing services based upon the clinical need of the member. The exclusive
use of same-day only appointment scheduling and/or open access is prohibited within the contractor s network.        

9.1.3 
 For Behavioral Health Provider Appointments the Contractor shall be able to provide:        

9.1.3.1 
 Immediate Need appointments within 24 hours of the referral or request, including, at a minimum, the requirement to respond to hospital referrals for Title XIX/XXI members, and members with SMI.    

101  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.1.3.2.2 
 The first behavioral health service following the initial assessment within the timeframe indicated by the behavioral health condition, but no later than 23 days after the initial assessment.    

9.1.3.2.3 
 All subsequent behavioral health services within the timeframe indicated by the behavioral health condition, but no later than 45 days from identification of need.    

9.1.4 
 For Behavioral Health Appointments for persons in legal custody of the Department of Child Safety (DCS) and adopted children in accordance with A.R.S.  8-512-01:    

9.1.4.1 
 Rapid Response when a child enters out-of-home placement        

9.1.4.1.1 
 Within the timeframe indicated by the behavioral health condition, but no later than 72 hours after notification by DCS that a child has been or will be removed from their home.    

9.1.4.2.1 
 Within seven calendar days after referral or request for behavioral health services.        

9.1.4.3.1 
 Within timeframes indicated, by clinical need, but no later than 21 calendar days after the initial evaluation.        

9.1.4.3.2 
 Subsequent Behavioral Health Services within the timeframes according to the needs of the person, but no longer than 21 calendar days from the identification of need.    

9.1.5 
 Pursuant to A.R.S.  8-201.01, for children in the foster care system, if an initial behavioral health appointment is not provided within 21 days of the initial assessment the member may access services directly
from any AHCCCS registered provider regardless of whether the provider is contracted with the Contractor. If the provider is not contracted with the Contractor, the provider must submit the claim to the Contractor and the Contractor shall reimburse
the provider at the lesser of 130% of the AHCCCS system s negotiated rate or the provider s standard rate.        

9.1.6 
 For Referrals for Psychotropic Medications:        

9.1.6.1 
 Assess the urgency of the need immediately.        

9.1.7 
 For   Psychotropic Medications   the Contractor shall provide:            

9.1.7.1 
 An appointment, if clinically indicated, with a Behavioral Health Medical Professional within a timeframe that ensures the member a) does not run out of needed medications; or b) does not decline in his/her behavioral
health condition prior to starting medication, but no later than 30 days from the identification of need.        

9.1.8 
 For wait time in the office, the Contractor shall actively monitor and ensure that a member s waiting time for a scheduled appointment at the PCP s or specialist s office is no more than 45 minutes,
except when the provider is unavailable due to an emergency.    
      102  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.1.9 
 If the Contractor s network is unable to provide medically necessary services required under contract, the Contractor must adequately and timely cover these services through an out of network provider until a
network provider is contracted. The Contractor shall ensure coordination with respect to authorization and payment issues in these circumstances, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(4) and (5). For Members who are inpatient or in a residential treatment facility who
are discharge-ready and require covered, post discharge behavioral health services, the Contractor shall have policies and procedures in place which ensure the member remain in that setting until the service is available or until such time the
Contractor can ensure appropriate, intensive outpatient services/case management/peer services are available to the member while waiting for the desired service.        

9.1.10 
 For referrals from a PCP or Health Plan Behavioral Health Coordinator for a member to receive a psychiatric evaluation or medication management, appointments with a behavioral health medical professional, will be
provided according to the needs of the member, and within the appointment standards described above, with appropriate interventions to prevent a member from experiencing a lapse in medically necessary psychotropic medications.    

9.1.11 
 For CMDP enrolled members, the Contractor shall ensure that a behavioral health screening is conducted within 72 hours of removal from the member s home, as outlined in ACOM Policy.    

9.1.12 
 Monitor subcontractor compliance with appointment standards and require corrective action when the standards are not met, 42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iv)(v) and (vi).    

9.1.13 
 Require all disputes to be resolved promptly and intervene and resolve disputes regarding the need for emergency or routine appointments between the subcontractor and the referral source that cannot be resolved
informally.        

9.1.14 
 Provide transportation to all Medicaid eligible members for covered services including SMI members receiving physical health care services so that the member arrives no sooner than one hour before the appointment, and
does not have to wait for more than one hour after the conclusion of the appointment for return transportation.        

9.1.15 
 Develop and implement a quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards for all subcontracted transportation providers and require corrective action if standards are not met.

9.1.16 
 Accept and respond to emergency referrals of Title XIX/XXI eligible members with SMI 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Emergency referrals do not require prior authorization. Emergency referrals include those initiated
for Title XIX/XXI eligible with SMI members admitted to a hospital or treated in the emergency room.        

9.1.18 
 Require that transportation services be pre-arranged for members with recurring and on-going behavioral and physical health care needs, including, but not limited to, dialysis, radiation, chemotherapy, etc.

9.1.19 
 Have written policies and procedures about educating its provider network regarding appointment time requirements. The Contractor must develop a corrective action plan (CAP) when appointment standards are not met. In
addition, the Contractor must develop a corrective action plan in conjunction with the provider when appropriate, 42 CFR 438.206(c)(1)(iv),(v) and (vi). Appointment standards shall be included in the Provider Manual. The Contractor is encouraged to
include the standards in the provider subcontracts.    
      103  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.1.20 
 Respond to all requests for services and schedule emergency and routine appointments consistent with the appointment standards in this Contract.    

9.1.21 
 On a quarterly basis conduct review of the availability of the providers in sufficient quantity to ensure results are meaningful and representative of the Contractor s network.    

9.1.22 
 For medically necessary non-emergent transportation, the Contractor shall schedule transportation so that the member arrives on time for the appointment, but no sooner than one hour before the appointment; nor have to
wait more than one hour after the conclusion of the treatment for transportation home; nor be picked up prior to the completion of treatment. Also see Contract Section on, Special Health Care Needs. The Contractor must develop and implement a
quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards above for all subcontracted transportation vendors/brokers and require corrective action if standards are not met.    

9.2  
  Additional Appointment Requirements for SMI Members       For SMI members eligible to receive
physical health care services, the Contractor shall:      

9.2.1 
 Monitor appointment availability utilizing the methodology found in the AHCCCS Contractor Operations Manual Appointment Availability Monitoring and Reporting Policy. For purposes of this Section,  urgent  is
defined as an acute, but not necessarily life-threatening disorder, which, if not attended to, could endanger the member s health. The Contractor shall have procedures in place that ensure the following standards are met.    

9.2.2 
 Establish and implement procedures as indicated by the member s condition not to exceed the following standards:        

9.2.3 
 For Primary Care Provider Appointments:        

9.2.3.1 
 Immediate Need: the same day of request or within 24 hours of the member s phone call or other notification;        

9.2.4 
 For Specialty Provider Appointments:        

9.2.5 
 For Dental Provider Appointments: to SMI members under age 21.        

104  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.2.6 
 For Maternity Care Provider Appointments for initial prenatal care for pregnant SMI members:        

9.2.6.2 
 Second trimester: within seven days of request;        

9.2.6.3 
 Third trimester: within three days of request; and        

9.2.6.4 
 High risk pregnancies: within three days of a maternity care provider s identification of high risk or immediately if an emergency exists.    

9.2.7 
 Utilize the results from appointment standards monitoring to assure adequate appointment availability in order to reduce unnecessary emergency department or crisis services utilization.    

9.2.8 
 Consider utilizing non-emergency facilities to address member non-emergency care issues occurring after regular office hours or on weekends.    

9.2.9 
 Develop and distribute written policies and procedures for network providers regarding appointment time standards and requirements.        

9.2.10 
 Establish processes to monitor and reduce the appointment  no show  rate by provider and service type. As best practices are identified, AHCCCS may require implementation by the Contractor.    

9.2.11 
 Submit reports in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

9.3  
  Referral Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

9.3.1 
 Establish written criteria and procedures for accepting and acting upon referrals, including emergency referrals.        

9.3.2 
 Include in the written criteria the definition of a referral as any oral, written, faxed or electronic request for services made by the member or member s legal guardian, family member, an AHCCCS acute Contractor,
PCP, hospital, court, Tribe, IHS, school, or other state or community agency.        

9.3.3 
 Respond to all requests for services and schedule emergency and routine appointments consistent with the appointment standards in this Contract.    

9.3.4 
 Record, track and trend all referrals, including the date of the scheduled appointment, the date of the referral for services, date and location of initial scheduled appointment, final disposition of referral, and the
reason why the member declined the offered appointment.        

9.3.5 
 Have a process to refer any member who requests information or is about to lose AHCCCS eligibility or other benefits to options for low-cost or no-cost health care services.    

9.3.6 
 Ensure that training and education are available to PCPs regarding behavioral health referrals and consultation procedures.    
      105  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.4  
  Disposition of Referrals       The Contractor shall, when appropriate:  

9.4.1 
 Communicate the final disposition of each referral from PCPs, AHCCCS Health Plans, Department of Education/School Districts and state social service agencies to the referral source and Health Plan Behavioral Health
Coordinator within 30 days of the member receiving an initial assessment. If a member declines behavioral health services, the final disposition must be communicated to the referral source and health plan behavioral health coordinator within 30 days
of the referral, when applicable. The final disposition shall include, at a minimum:        

9.4.1.1 
 The date the member received an initial assessment;        

9.4.1.2 
 The name and contact information of the provider accepting primary responsibility for the member s behavioral health care; or        

9.4.1.3 
 Indicate that a follow-up to the referral was conducted but no services were delivered and the reason why no services were delivered including members who failed to present for an appointment.    

9.4.2 
 Document the reason for non-delivery of services to demonstrate that the Contractor or provider either attempted to contact the member on at least three occasions and was unable to locate the member or contacted the
member and the member declined services.        
   The Contractor shall:  

9.5.1 
 Distribute provider directories and any available periodic updates to AHCCCS Health Plans for distribution to the PCPs, if a Contractor does not maintain a centralized referral and intake system as the sole mechanism
for receiving behavioral health referrals.        

9.5.2 
 For additional Provider Directory requirements see the Contract Section on, Communications.        

9.6  
  Referral for a Second Opinion       The Contractor shall:  

9.6.1 
 Upon a member s request, provide for a second opinion from a qualified health care professional within the network, or arrange for a member to obtain one outside the network at no cost to the member, 42 CFR
438.206(b)(3). For purposes of this paragraph, a qualified health care professional is a provider who meets the qualifications to be an AHCCCS registered provider of covered health care services, and who is a physician, a physician assistant, a
nurse practitioner, a psychologist, or an independent Master s level therapist.        

9.7  
  Additional Referral Requirements for SMI Members       For SMI members receiving physical
health care services, the Contractor shall:      

9.7.1 
 Establish and implement written procedures for referrals to specialists or other services, to include, at a minimum, the following:        

9.7.1.1 
 Use of referral forms clearly identifying the Contractor;        

9.7.1.2 
 Referrals to specialty physician services shall be from a PCP, except as follows:        

9.7.1.2.1 
 Women shall have direct access to in-network OB/GYN providers, including physicians, physician assistants and nurse practitioners within the scope of their practice, without a referral for preventive and routine
services, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(2).    
      106  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

9.7.2 
 For members with special health care needs determined to need a specialized course of treatment or regular care monitoring, the Contractor must have procedures in place to allow members to directly access a specialist
(for example through a standing referral or an approved number of visits) as appropriate for the member s condition and identified needs, 42 CFR 438.208(c)(4). For members transitioning, see the Contract Section on, Coordination for
Transitioning Members.        

9.7.3 
 Specialty physicians shall not begin a course of treatment for a medical condition other than that for which the member was referred, unless approved by the member s PCP.    

9.7.4 
 A process for the member s PCP to receive all specialist and consulting reports and a process for the PCP to follow-up on all referrals including CRS, Dental and EPSDT referrals for behavioral health services.

9.7.5 
 A process to refer any member who requests information or is about to lose AHCCCS eligibility or other benefits to options for low-cost or no-cost health care services.    

9.7.6 
 Comply with all applicable physician referral requirements and conditions defined in Sections 1903(s) and 1877 of the Social Security Act and corresponding regulations which include, but are not limited to, [42 CFR Part
411, Part 424, Part 435 and Part 455]. Sections 1903(s) and 1877 of the Act prohibits physicians from making referrals for designated health services to health care entities with which the physician or a member of the physician s family has a
financial relationship. Designated health services include, at a minimum:        

9.7.6.7 
 Parenteral and enteral nutrients, equipment and supplies,        

9.7.6.8 
 Prosthetics, orthotics and prosthetic devices and supplies,        

9.7.7 
 Have a process for referral to Medicare Managed Care Plan.    
      107  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

The Contractor shall:  
 Have an ongoing quality management program for the provision of services to members that include the requirements listed in AMPM Chapter 400, 900 and the
following:      

10.1.1 
 Ensure the protection and confidentiality of medical records and any other personal health and enrollment information that identifies a particular member or subset of members in accordance with Federal and State privacy
requirements.        

10.1.2 
 The Contractor must employ sufficient, qualified local staff and utilize appropriate resources to achieve contractual compliance. The Contractor s resource allocation must be adequate to achieve quality outcomes.
Staffing adequacy will be evaluated based on outcomes and compliance with contractual and AHCCCS policy requirements.        

10.1.3 
 The Contractor shall have local staff available 24 hours per day, seven days per week to work with AHCCCS and/or other State agencies, such as Arizona Department of Health Services/Office of Licensure, on urgent issue
resolutions. Urgent issue resolutions include Immediate Jeopardies (IJ), fires, or other public emergency situations. These staff shall have access to information necessary to identify members who may be at risk and their current health/service
status, the ability to initiate new placements/services, and have the ability to perform status checks at affected facilities and perform ongoing monitoring, if necessary. The Contractor shall supply AHCCCS, Clinical Quality Management (CQM) with
the contact information for these staff, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. At a minimum the contact information shall include a current 24/7 telephone number. CQM must be notified and provided back up contact information when the primary
contact person will be unavailable.        

10.1.4 
 QM/PI positions performing work functions related to the contract must have a direct reporting relationship to the local Chief Medical Officer (CMO) and the local Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The local CMO and CEO
shall have the ability to direct, implement and prioritize interventions resulting from quality management and quality improvement activities and investigations. Contractor staff, including administrative services subcontractors  staff, that
performs functions under this contract related to QM and QI shall have the work directed and prioritized by the Contractor s local CEO and CMO.        

10.1.5 
 Implement, monitor, evaluate and comply with applicable requirements in the ACOM and the AMPM Chapter 1000.        

10.1.6 
 Provide quality care and services to eligible members, regardless of payer source or eligibility category.        

10.1.7 
 Establish a Quality Management/Quality Improvement unit within its organizational structure that is separate and distinct from any other units or departments such as Medical Management and Case/Care Management.

10.1.8 
 Establish a Quality Management (QM) Committee, a Peer Review Committee, a Children s QM subcommittee and other subcommittees under QM Committee as required or as a need is identified.    

10.1.9 
 Require its QM Committee, Peer Review Committee and subcommittees to meet at least quarterly and be chaired by the local Chief Medical Officer.    
      108  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.1.11 
 Integrate quality management processes in all areas of the Contractor s organization, with ultimate responsibility for quality management/quality improvement residing within the QM unit.    

10.1.12 
 Demonstrate improvement in the quality of care provided to members through established quality management and performance improvement processes.    

10.1.13 
 Federal Regulation prohibits payment for Provider-Preventable Conditions that meet the definition of a Health Care-Acquired Condition (HCAC) or an Other Provider Preventable Condition (OPPC) and that meet the
following criteria: xiii         

10.1.13.2 
 Has been found by the State, based upon a review of medical literature by qualified professionals, to be reasonably preventable through the application of procedures supported by evidence-based guidelines;

10.1.15 
 Regularly, and as requested, disseminate subcontractor and provider quality improvement information including performance measures, dashboard indicators and member outcomes to AHCCCS and key stakeholders, including
members and family members.        

10.1.16 
 Develop and maintain mechanisms to solicit feedback and recommendations from key stakeholders, subcontractors, members, and family members to monitor service quality and to develop strategies to improve member outcomes
and quality improvement activities related to the quality of care and system performance.        

10.1.17 
 Participate in community initiatives including applicable activities of the Medicare Quality Improvement Organization (QIO).        

10.1.18 
 Maintain the confidentiality of a member s medical record in conformance with Contract Section on, Medical Records.        

10.1.19 
   Comply with requirements to assure member rights and responsibilities in conformance with the ADHS/DBHS Policy
and Procedures Manual policies on Title XIX/XXI Notice and Appeal Requirements; Special Assistance for Persons Determined to have a Serious Mental Illness; Notice and Appeal Requirements (SMI and NON-SMI); Member Grievance Resolution Process, or
their successor documents; and the AHCCCS policy on Notice Requirements and Appeal     
      109  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Process for Title XIX and Title XXI Eligible Persons and the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, 42 CFR 438.100(a)(2); and comply with any other applicable federal and State laws (such as Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, etc.) including other laws regarding privacy and confidentiality, 42 CFR 438.100(d).        

10.1.20 
 Require its QM Committee to proactively and regularly review member Grievance, and Appeal data to identify outlier members who have filed multiple complaints, grievances or appeals regarding services or against the
Contractor or who contact governmental entities for assistance, including AHCCCS for the purposes of assigning a care coordinator to assist the member in navigating the health care system.    

10.1.21 
 The Contractor shall have policies and procedures to describe the implementation of comprehensive and coordinated delivery of integrated services including administrative and clinical integration of health care service
delivery. Integration strategies and activities shall focus on improving individual health outcomes, enhancing care coordination and increasing member satisfaction.    

10.1.22 
 The Contractor shall develop an Integrated Health Care Report as outlined in AMPM Policy 910 and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

10.2.1 
 Demonstrate that its providers are credentialed and reviewed through the Contractor s Credentialing Committee that is chaired by the Contractor s local Medical Director, 42 CFR 438.214. The Contractor should
refer to the AMPM Chapter 900 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables for reporting requirements.        

10.2.2 
 Comply with uniform provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credential verification as follows:    

10.2.2.1 
 Document provisional credentialing, initial credentialing, re-credentialing and organizational credential verification of providers who have signed contracts or participation agreements with the Contractor or have seen
25 or more of the Contractor s members, 42 CFR 438.206(b)(1-2);        

10.2.2.2 
 Not discriminate against particular providers that serve high-risk populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment; and    

10.2.3 
    Credential Verification Organization Contract:  The Arizona Association of Health Plans (AzAHP) has
established a contract with a Credential Verification Organization (CVO) that is responsible for receiving completed applications, attestations and primary source verification documents. The CVO is also responsible for conducting annual entity site
visits to ensure compliance with AHCCCS requirements. The AHCCCS Contractor must utilize the contracted CVO as part of its credentialing and recredentialing process regardless of membership in the AzAHP. This requirement eases the administrative
burden for providers that contract with AHCCCS Contractors which often results in duplicative submission of information used for credentialing purposes. The Contractor shall follow the AHCCCS recredentialing timelines for providers that  
     
      110  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

submit their credentialing data and forms to the AzAHP CVO. The Contractor is responsible for completing the credentialing process. The Contractor shall continue to include utilization,
performance, complaint, and quality of care information, as specified in the AMPM, to complete the credentialing or recredentialing files that are brought to the Credentialing Committee for a decision. In addition, the Contractor must also meet the
AMPM requirements for provisional/temporary credentialing.        

10.2.4 
  Credentialing Timelines:  The Contractor is required to process credentialing applications in a timely manner. To assess the timeliness of provisional and initial credentialing a Contractor shall calculate and
report to AHCCCS as outlined in AMPM Policy 950. The Contractor must report the credentialing information with regard to all credentialing applications as specified in  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.  

10.2.5 
 The Contractor shall ensure that they have in place a process to monitor, at a minimum, on an annual basis, occurrences which may have jeopardized the validity of the credentialing process.    

10.3  
  Incident, Accident and Death Reports       The Contractor shall:  

10.3.1 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that require individual and organizational providers to report to the Contractor and other proper authorities incident, accident and death (IAD) reports of abuse, neglect,
injury, alleged human rights violation, exploitation and death in conformance with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual, Chapter 900.        

10.3.2 
 Incident, accident and death (IAD) reports must be submitted in accordance with requirements established by AHCCCS and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

10.4  
  Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations       The Contractor shall:  

10.4.1 
 Establish mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care provided to members, including members with special health care needs, 42 CFR 438.420(b)(4).    

10.4.2 
 Develop a process that requires the provider to report incidents of healthcare acquired conditions, abuse neglect, exploitation, injuries, high profile cases and unexpected death to the Contractor.    

10.4.3 
 Develop a process to report incidents of healthcare acquired conditions, abuse, neglect, exploitation, injuries, high profile cases and unexpected death to AHCCCS Quality Management and in accordance with Exhibit-9,
Deliverables.        

10.4.4 
 Develop and implement policies and procedures that analyze quality of care issues through identifying the issue, initial assessment of the severity of the issue, and prioritization of action(s) needed to resolve
immediate care needs when appropriate.        

10.4.5 
 Establish a process to ensure that staff, having contact with members or providers, are trained on how to refer suspected quality of care issues to quality management. This training must be provided during new employee
orientation and annually thereafter.    
      111  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.4.6 
 Establish mechanisms to track and trend member and provider issues, which includes, but is not limited to, investigation and analysis of quality of care issues, abuse, neglect, exploitation, high profile, human rights
violations and unexpected deaths. The resolution process must include:        

10.4.6.1 
 Acknowledgement letter to the originator of the concern;        

10.4.6.2 
 Documentation of all steps utilized during the investigation and resolution process;        

10.4.6.3 
 Follow-up with the member to assist in ensuring immediate health care needs are met;        

10.4.6.4 
 Closure/resolution letter that provides sufficient detail to ensure that the member has an understanding of the resolution of their issue, any responsibilities they have in ensuring all covered, medically necessary care
needs are met, and a Contractor contact name/telephone number to call for assistance or to express any unresolved concerns;        

10.4.6.5 
 Documentation of implemented corrective action plan(s) or action(s) taken to resolve the concern; and        

10.4.6.6 
 Analysis of the effectiveness of the interventions taken.        

10.4.7 
 Implement mechanisms to assess the quality and appropriateness of care furnished to members with special health care needs.        
   The Contractor shall comply with AHCCCS quality management
requirements to improve performance for all AHCCCS performance measures. Descriptions of the AHCCCS Clinical Quality Performance Measures and links to the CMS and the measure host sites can be found on the AHCCCS website. The EPSDT Participation
performance measure description utilizes the methodology established in CMS  Form 416  which can also be found on the AHCCCS website.  
 The Contractor shall:      

10.5.1 
 Comply with national performance measures and levels identified and developed by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) or those that are developed in consultation with AHCCCS and/or other relevant
stakeholders, and any resulting changes when current established performance measures are finalized and implemented, 42 CFR 438.24(c).        

10.5.2 
 Implement Performance improvement programs including performance measures and performance improvement projects as directed by AHCCCS, 42 CFR 438.240(a)(2).    

10.5.3 
 Design a quality management program to achieve, through ongoing measurements and intervention, significant improvement, sustained over time, in the areas of clinical care and non-clinical care that are expected to have
a favorable effect on health outcomes and member satisfaction, 42 CFR 438.240(a)(2), (b)(2) and (c).        

10.5.4 
 Improve performance for all established performance measures.        

10.5.5 
 Ensure that performance measures are analyzed and reported separately, by line of business Acute, DDD, (Acute, SMI populations, DDD and CMDP), In addition, Contractors should evaluate performance based on sub-categories
of populations when requested to do such.    
      112  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.5.6 
 Collect data from medical records, electronic records or through approved processes such as those utilizing a health information exchange and provide these data with supporting documentation, as instructed by AHCCCS,
for each hybrid measure. The number of records that each Contractor collects will be based on HEDIS, External Quality Review Organization (EQRO), or other sampling guidelines and may be affected by the Contractor s previous performance rate for
the measure being collected.        

10.5.7 
 Comply with and implement the hybrid methodology data collection as directed by AHCCCS.        

10.5.8 
 Implement a process for internal monitoring of Performance Measure rates, using a standard methodology established or approved by AHCCCS, for each required Performance Measure. AHCCCS-reported rates are the official
rates utilized for determination of Contractor compliance with performance requirements. Contractor calculated and/or reported rates will be used strictly for monitoring Contractor actions and not be used for official reporting or for consideration
in corrective action purposes.        

10.5.9 
 Have a mechanism for its QM Committee to report Contractor s performance on an ongoing basis to its CEO/COO and other key staff.    

10.5.10 
 Meet and sustain specified Minimum Performance Standards (MPS) in the table below for each population/eligibility category according to the following:    

10.5.10.1 
 Minimum Performance Standard: A Minimum Performance Standard is the minimal expected level of performance by the Contractor. If a Contractor does not achieve this standard, the Contractor will be required to submit a
corrective action plan and may be subject to a sanction of up to $100,000 dollars for each deficient measure.        

10.5.11 
 Show demonstrable and sustained improvement toward meeting AHCCCS Performance Standards. AHCCCS may impose sanctions on Contractors that do not show statistically significant improvement in a measure rate as calculated
by AHCCCS. Sanctions may also be imposed for statistically significant declines of rates even if they meet or exceed the MPS, for any rate that does not meet the AHCCCS MPS, or a rate that has a significant impact to the aggregate rate for the
State. AHCCCS may require the Contractor to demonstrate that they are allocating increased administrative resources to improving rates for a particular measure or service area. AHCCCS also may require a corrective action plan for measures that are
below the MPS or that show a statistically significant decrease in its rate even if it meets or exceeds the MPS.        

10.5.12 
 An evidence-based corrective action plan that outlines the problem, planned actions for improvement, responsible staff and associated timelines as well as a place holder for evaluation of activities must be received by
AHCCCS within 30 days of receipt of notification of the deficiency from AHCCCS. This plan must be approved by AHCCCS prior to implementation. AHCCCS may conduct one or more follow-up desktop or on-site reviews to verify compliance with a corrective
action plan.        

10.5.13 
 AHCCCS may also require the Contractor to conduct a chart audit for validation of any performance measure that falls below the minimum performance standard. The Contractor must meet, and ensure that each subcontractor
meets, AHCCCS Minimum Performance Standards, 42 CFR 438.240(b)(1), (2), and (d)(1).    
      113  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  GMH/SA Performance Measures:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 7 Days  
    
 85%  
 
   Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 30 Days  
    
 95%  
 
   Mental Health Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Use of Multiple Concurrent Antipsychotics in Children and Adolescents  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Use of Opioids From Multiple Providers at High Dosage in Persons Without Cancer  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
   GMH/SA Performance Measures with Reserve Status*:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 7 Days  
    
 75%  
 
   Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 23 Days  
    
 90%  

* 
 Performance measures remain important to AHCCCS and as such will continue to be monitored by AHCCCS. Should Contractor performance results for Performance Measures in Reserve Status decline, the Contractor may be
subject to corrective action. AHCCCS may require individual Contractors to implement improvement actions for Performance Measures with Reserve Status in order to ensure quality of care to AHCCCS members. Measures deemed in Reserve Status will be
reported out when appropriate.      Integrated Performance Measures:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Inpatient Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   ED Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Hospital Readmission  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 7 Days  
    
 85%  
 
   Follow-Up After Hospitalization for Mental Health, 30 Days  
    
 95%  
 
   Adults  Access to Preventive/ Ambulatory Health Services  
    
 75%  
 
   Breast Cancer Screening (BCS)  
    
 50%  
 
   Cervical Cancer Screening (CCS)  
    
 64%  
 
   Chlamydia Screening in Women (CHL)  
    
 63%  
 
   Colorectal Screening  
    
 65%  
 
   CDC - HbA1c Testing  
    
 77%  
 
   CDC - HbA1c Poor Control ( 9.0%)  
    
 43%  
 
   CDC - Eye Exam  
    
 49%  
 
   Timeliness of Prenatal Care: Prenatal Care Visit in the First Trimester or Within 42 Days of
Enrollment (PPC)  
    
 80%  
 
   Timeliness of Prenatal Care: Postpartum Care Rate (PPC)  
    
 64%  
 
   Mental Health Utilization  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Use of Opioids From Multiple Providers at High Dosage in Persons Without Cancer  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
      114  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  Integrated Performance Measures in Reserve Status*:  

Measure   
    
  Minimum Performance Standard   

Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 7 Days  
    
 75%  
 
   Access to Behavioral Health Professional Services, 23 Days  
    
 90%  
 
   Diabetes Admissions, Short-Term Complications
 (PQI-01)   
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Flu Shots for Adults, Ages 18 and Older (FVA)  
    
 50%  
 
   Annual Monitoring for Patients on Persistent Medications: Combo Rate  
    
 75%  
 
   Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) or Asthma in Older Adults Admission Rate
(PQI-05)  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Asthma in Younger Adults Admissions (PQI-15)  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   Heart Failure Admission Rate (PQI-08)  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  
 
   EPSDT Participation, members aged 18 to 21  
    
 68%  
 
   Diabetes Screening for People with Schizophrenia or Bipolar Disorder Who Are Using Antipsychotic
Medication  
    
 Baseline Measurement Year  

* 
 Performance measures remain important to AHCCCS and as such will continue to be monitored by AHCCCS. Should Contractor performance results for Performance Measures in Reserve Status decline, the Contractor may be
subject to corrective action. AHCCCS may require individual Contractors to implement improvement actions for Performance Measures with Reserve Status in order to ensure quality of care to AHCCCS members. Measures deemed in Reserve Status will be
reported out when appropriate.        

10.5.14 
 Have its performance evaluated quarterly and annually with rates for measures that include only members less than 21 years of age reported and evaluated separately for Title XIX and Title XXI eligibility groups.

10.5.15 
 Have its compliance with performance measures validated by the AHCCCS and/or an External Quality Review Organization (EQRO).        

10.5.16 
 Take affirmative steps to increase EPSDT participation rates as measured utilizing methodologies developed by CMS, including the EPSDT Dental Participation Rate.    

115  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.5.18 
 The Contractor must participate in the delivery and/or results review of member surveys as requested by AHCCCS and as outlined in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Surveys may include Home and Community Based Member Experience
surveys, HEDIS Experience of Care (Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems CAHPS) surveys, and/or any other method determined by AHCCCS.        

While not included as an official performance measure, survey findings or performance rates for survey questions may result in the Contractor being required to develop a Corrective Action Plan (CAP) to improve any areas
of concern noted by AHCCCS.        

Failure to effectively develop or implement AHCCCS-approved CAPs and drive improvement may result in additional regulatory action.        

10.5.19 
 Contractor Performance is evaluated annually using the AHCCCS-reported rate for each measure. AHCCCS rates are considered the official measurement for each Performance Measure. AHCCCS calculated rates by Contractor for
each measure will be compared with the MPS specified in the contract in effective during the measurement period. For instance, Performance Standards in the CYE 2015 contract apply to results calculated by AHCCCS for the CYE 2015 measurement period.
AHCCCS will utilize methodologies that are reflective of the requirements for the measurement period. For instance, CYE 2014 performance measure data will be based on the published 2014 CMS Core Sets and 2014 HEDIS technical specifications.

Contractors are responsible for monitoring and reporting to AHCCCS CQM the status of, and any discrepancies identified in encounters received by AHCCCS including paid, denied and pended for purposes of Performance
Measure monitoring prior to the AHCCCS Performance Measure rate calculations being conducted.        

10.5.20 
 AHCCCS will measure and report the Contractor s EPSDT Participation rate and Dental Participation (Preventive Dental) rate, utilizing the CMS 416 methodology. The EPSDT participation rate is the number of children
younger than 21 years that receive medical screens in compliance with the State s Periodicity Schedule, compared to the number of children expected to receive medical screens per the State s Periodicity Schedule. The Preventive Dental
Participation rate is the number of children aged one through 20 who have a preventive dental visit, compared to the number of children who has at least 90-days continuous enrollment during the Contract Year (measurement period).    

10.5.21 
 The Contractor is responsible for applying the correct CMS-416 methodology as developed and maintained by CMS for its internal monitoring of performance measure results. AHCCCS uses the national CMS 416 methodology to
generate the EPSDT Participation and Dental Participation rates through a CMS-validated process. The rates are generated one time a year and reported to CMS within specified timeframes. Aggregate rates as well as Contractor-specific rates are
included in this process.    
      116  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.5.22 
 The Contractor must monitor rates for postpartum visits and low/very low birth weight deliveries and implement interventions as necessary to improve or sustain these rates. The Contractor must implement processes to
monitor and evaluate cesarean section and elective inductions rates prior to 39 weeks gestation to ensure medical necessity, and implement interventions to decrease the incidence of occurrence.    

10.6  
  Performance Improvement Projects         

10.6.1 
 Implement an ongoing program of performance improvement projects (PIP) that focus on clinical and non-clinical areas as specified in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual and that involve the following:    

10.6.1.1 
 Measurement of performance using objective quality indicators;        

10.6.1.2 
 Implementation of system interventions to achieve improvement in quality;        

10.6.1.3 
 Evaluation of the effectiveness of the interventions; and        

10.6.2 
 Comply with PIPs mandated by AHCCCS, but may self-select additional projects based on opportunities for improvement identified by internal data and information.    

10.6.3 
 Self-select additional projects based on opportunities for improvement identified by internal data and information.        

10.6.4 
 Report the status and results of each project to AHCCCS as requested using the PIP Reporting Template included in the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual.    

10.6.5 
 Complete each PIP in a reasonable time period or as specified by AHCCCS in order to use the information on the success of performance improvement projects in the aggregate to produce new information on quality of care
every year, 42 CFR 438.240(d)(2).        
   The Contractor shall:  

10.7.1 
 Submit data for standardized Performance Measures and Performance Improvement Projects as required by the AHCCCS within specified timelines and according to procedures for collecting and reporting the data in
conformance with Section 10.        

10.7.2 
 Submit data that is valid, reliable and collected using qualified staff and in the format and according to instructions from AHCCCS by the due date specified.    

10.7.3 
 The Contractor must ensure that data collected by multiple parties/people for Performance Measures and/or PIP reporting is comparable and that an inter-rater reliability process was used to ensure consistent data
collection.        

10.7.4 
 The Contractor is responsible for collecting valid and reliable data and using qualified staff and personnel to collect the data.    
      117  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.7.5 
 Data collected for Performance Measures and/or PIPs must be returned by the Contractor in a format specified by AHCCCS, and by the due date specified.    

10.7.6 
 Any extension for additional time to collect and report data must be made in writing in advance of the initial due date and is subject to approval by AHCCCS.    

10.7.7 
 Failure to follow the data collection and reporting instructions that accompany the data request may result in sanctions imposed on the Contractor.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

10.8.1 
 As requested by AHCCCS, participate in member satisfaction surveys in accordance with Statewide Consumer Survey protocol [42 CFR 438.6(h)].    

10.8.2 
 Use findings from the Member Satisfaction Survey in designing quality improvement activities.        

10.8.3 
 Participate in additional surveys in conformance with Contract Section on, Surveys, including surveys mandated by AHCCCS.        

10.8.4 
 Perform surveys at AHCCCS  request. The contractor may provide the survey tool or require the Contractor to develop the survey tool which shall be approved in advance by AHCCCS, and in accordance with Exhibit-9,
Deliverables.        

10.8.5 
 AHCCCS or the Contractor may conduct surveys of a representative sample of the Contractor s membership and providers. The results of the surveys will become public information and available to all interested
parties on the AHCCCS website. The Contractor may be required to participate in workgroups and efforts that are initiated as a result of the survey results.        
   The Contractor shall:  

10.9.1 
 Develop and submit a subcontractor performance monitoring plan as a component of annual QM plan, to include, at a minimum, the following quality management functions:    

10.9.1.2 
 Incident, accident, death (IAD) report timely completion and submission;        

10.9.1.6 
 Temporary, provisional, initial and re-credentialing processes and requirements.        

10.9.2 
 Conduct an annual Operational Review audit of subcontracted provider services and service sites, and assess each provider s performance on satisfying established quality management and performance measures
standards.    
      118  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

10.9.3 
 Develop and implement a corrective action plan when provider monitoring activities reveal poor performance as follows:        

10.9.3.1 
 When performance falls below the minimum performance level, or        

10.9.3.2 
 Shows a statistically significant decline from previous period performance.        

10.10  
  Quality Management Reporting Requirements         

10.10.1 
 The Contractor shall conduct an annual case review of the behavioral health care provided to its members, and submit an analysis of the findings to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. To meet this
requirement, the Contractor may independently perform the review or subcontract with a Professional External Review Organization approved by AHCCCS. The case review must be conducted by licensed Behavioral Health Professionals. If applicable, the
Contractor shall have oversight responsibility to assure that the subcontractor performs the review as required and the results are accurate. The Contractor shall ensure reviews are conducted on a sample of member records for both children and
adults and by population served including general mental health, seriously mental ill, members enrolled in the Division of Developmental Disabilities and those enrolled in the Children s Medical and Dental Program based on a sampling
methodology approved by AHCCCS.        

10.10.1.1 
 The Contractor shall submit a proposed sampling methodology and case file review tool with instructions to AHCCCS for review and approval no later than 60 days prior to implementation. At a minimum, the case review
should assess the following indicators or aspects of care:        

10.10.1.1.1 
 Treatment goals are jointly established with the member, member s family, and other involved parties;        

10.10.1.1.2 
 Individuals requiring specialty providers are referred for and receive specialty services;        

10.10.1.1.3 
 There is evidence that behavioral health care has been coordinated with the member s PCP;        

10.10.1.1.4 
 For persons with multi-agency involvement, treatment recommendations are collaboratively developed and implemented;        

10.10.1.2 
 The Contractor shall monitor and provide feedback on all corrective action plans written as a result of the findings in the case file review to ensure improved performance.    

10.10.2 
 The Contractor shall follow local, state and federal regulations and requirements related to seclusion and restraint. Reports regarding incidents of seclusion and restraint shall be submitted to AHCCCS, OHR and HRC as
outlined in AMPM 960 and as specified Exhibit-9, Deliverables. (A.R.S.  41-3804).        

10.10.3 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to Quality Management in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      119  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

All informational materials, prepared by the Contractor, shall be
approved by AHCCCS prior to distribution to members. Refer to ACOM Policy 404 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables for further information and requirements.  
 The Contractor shall:      

11.1.1 
 Be accessible by phone during normal business hours and require subcontracted providers to be accessible by phone for general member information during normal business hours.    

11.1.2 
 Establish and maintain one toll-free phone number with options for a caller to connect to appropriate services and departments and inform members of its existence and availability, 42 CFR 438.10(b)(3). At a minimum,
when appropriate, members calling the toll-free number should be connected to the following:        

11.1.2.1 
 Nurse On Call consultations for SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract; and        

11.1.2.2 
 Free resources for members or potential members to obtain information about accessing services, using a Grievance and Appeal System process or any other information related to covered services or the health care service
delivery system, 42 CFR 438.10(c)(4) and 438.10(c)(5)(i) and (ii).        

11.1.3 
 Require vital materials to be provided to members. See Contract Section on, Translation Services.        

11.1.4 
 Provide Title XIX/XXI members with written notice in conformance with Contract Section on, Material Change to Business Operations.        

11.1.5 
 Require all information that is prepared for distribution to members and potential members to be written using an easily understood language and format, and as further described in ACOM Policy 404, 42 CFR 438.10(b)(1).
Regardless of the format chosen by the Contractor, the member information must be printed in a type, style and size which can be easily read by members with varying degrees of visual impairment or limited reading proficiency, 42 CFR 438.10(d).

11.1.6 
 Notify members and potential members of the availability and method for access to materials in alternative formats and provide such materials to accommodate members with special needs, for example, members or potential
members who are visually impaired or have limited reading proficiency, 42 CFR 438.10(d)(1)(i) and (ii); 42 CFR 438.10(d)(2).        

11.1.7 
 Comply with all translation requirements for all member informational materials in Contract Section on, Translation Services.        

11.1.8 
 Notify members that oral interpretation and language assistance services including services for the hearing impaired are available in conformance with Contract Sections on, Cultural Competency, Translation Services, 42
CFR 438.10(c)(5)(i).    
      120  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.1.9 
 Provide a Provider Directory to each member/representative or household, which at a minimum, includes those items listed in ACOM Policy 404, and is provided as follows:    

11.1.9.1 
 For members enrolled with another AHCCCS Health Plan for physical health care services, within 12 business days of the member receiving the initial behavioral health covered service; and    

11.1.10 
 The Contractor has the option of providing the Provider Directory in hard copy format or providing written notification of how the Provider Directory information is available on the Contractor s website, via
electronic mail, or via postal mailing as described in ACOM Policy 404.        

11.1.11 
 Upon request, assist AHCCCS in the dissemination of information prepared by AHCCCS, or other governmental agency, to its members and pay for the cost to disseminate and communicate information.    

11.1.12 
 Make available easy access of information by members, family members, providers, stakeholders, and the general public in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).    

11.1.13 
 Comply with AHCCCS policy or policies for member information, communications, Health Promotion outreach, websites and Social Networking and monitor subcontractor compliance with the policies.    
   
   The Contractor shall provide translation services as follows:  

11.2.1 
 Translate all member informational materials when a language other than English is spoken by 3,000 individuals or 10%, whichever is less, of members in a geographic area who also have Limited English Proficiency (LEP).

11.2.2 
 Translate all vital materials when a language other than English is spoken by 1,000 or 5%, whichever is less, of members in the assigned geographical service area in Greater Arizona who also have LEP, 42 CFR
438.10(c)(3).        

Vital materials must include, but are not limited to the following:        

11.2.2.6 
 Communications requiring a response from the member;        

11.2.2.7 
 Grievance, appeal and request for State fair hearing information; and        

11.2.2.8 
 Written notices informing members of their right to interpretation and translation services.        

11.2.3 
 Oral interpretation services must be available and at no cost to all members and potential members regardless of the prevalence of the language. The Contractor must notify all members and potential members of their
right to access oral interpretation services and how to access them. Refer to ACOM Policy 404, 42 CFR 438.10(c)(4) and (5).    
      121  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

11.3.2 
 Review and update the Member Handbook at least once a year. The Handbook must be submitted to AHCCCS, Division of Health Care management for approval as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

11.3.3 
 Provide the Contractor s Member Handbook to each member as follows:        

11.3.3.1 
 For Title XIX/XXI members enrolled with an AHCCCS Health Plan, within 12 business days of the member receiving the initial behavioral health covered service; and    

11.3.4 
 Require network providers to have Contractor s Member Handbooks available and easily accessible to members at all provider locations.    

11.3.5 
 Provide, upon request, a copy of the Contractor s Member Handbook to known peer and family advocacy organizations and other human service organizations within the Contractor s assigned geographical service
area.        

11.3.7 
 For SMI members receiving physical health care services under this Contract, comply with Contract Section on, Member Handbooks, and include within a designated Section in the Member Handbook the Acute Member Handbook
Requirements outlined in ACOM Policy 404, Attachment C.        

11.3.8 
 Inform members of the right to request an updated Member Handbook at no cost on an annual basis in a separate written communication or as part of other written communication, such as in a member newsletter.

11.3.9 
 Include information in the Member Handbook and other printed documents to educate members about the availability and accessibility of covered services and that behavioral health conditions may be treated by the
member s Primary Care Provider (PCP) which includes anxiety, depression and ADHD.        
     
   The Contractor shall:  

11.4.1 
 Develop and distribute, at a minimum, two member newsletters during the Contract year.    
      122  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.4.2 
 At least annually, and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables, include the following information in the newsletter that is culturally sensitive, appropriate and relevant.    
 The following types of information are to be contained in the newsletter:  

11.4.2.1 
 Educational information on chronic illnesses and ways to self-manage care;        

11.4.2.2 
 Reminders of flu shots and other illness prevention measures and screenings at appropriate times;        

11.4.2.4 
 Tobacco cessation information and referral to the Arizona Smoker s Helpline (ASH Line);        

11.4.2.6 
 Information on the availability of community resources applicable to the population in the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    

11.4.2.7 
 Updates to Contractor s Programs or Business Operations and other information as required by AHCCCS;        

11.4.2.8 
 Information on Contractor s efforts to integrate behavioral and physical health care services and to improve overall member outcomes;    

11.4.2.9 
 The importance of and opportunities to participate in primary and preventive care;        

The Contractor shall:  

11.5.1 
 Conduct activities aimed at changing or maintaining people s behavior for the benefit of individuals and society as a whole. It may include the use of health communication, health education, promotions, incentives,
the use of traditional and new media, and participation or sponsorship of community events. These may be funded through the contractor s non-Medicaid administrative funds, grant funds, or other sources as authorized by the
Division.       

11.5.2 
 Designate a Health Promotion point of contact who is responsible for implementation and oversight of all health promotion activities.    

11.5.3 
 Develop and submit an annual Health Promotion Plan, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables which includes but is not limited to:        

11.5.3.1 
 A listing of all Health Promotion activities, including sponsorships,    
      123  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.5.3.2 
 A listing of incentive items to be utilized during the contract year, including picture of item, purpose, target population, cost (value of incentive items shall not exceed $15.00), and source,    

11.5.3.3 
 Strategies to engage and inform persons of the availability and accessibility of services as well as strategies to influence behavior change towards healthy lifestyles,    

11.5.3.4 
 Strategies to collect, analyze, track, and trend data to evaluate the effectiveness of health promotion activities, utilizing penetration rates and other quality management performance measures, and    

11.5.3.5 
 Identification of the Health Promotion point of contact.        

11.5.4 
 Submit for pre-approval the Health Promotion items referenced below, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables:        

11.5.4.1.1 
 Including the event name, date, location, address, healthcare related goal of event or sponsorship and dollar amount of the participation.    

11.5.5.1 
 The Contractor may distribute health promotion materials developed based on information from a recognized organization without prior AHCCCS approval. For a list of approved recognized organizations see ACOM Policy 404,
Attachment A.        

11.5.7.1 
 Press releases that do not include Contractor-specific information related to the AHCCCS Medicaid Contract (e.g. benefits, how to enroll, provider network) do not require prior AHCCCS approval. All other press
releases must be submitted for AHCCCS prior approval.        

11.5.8 
 Coordinate with AHCCCS in promoting Health Promotion initiatives.        

11.5.9 
 Include an approved funding statement on all advertisements, publications, printed materials and Health Promotion materials produced by the Contractor that refer to covered services for Title XIX/XXI members:
 Contract services are funded, in part, under contract with the State of Arizona.         

11.5.10 
 Shall not make, authorize or distribute any inaccurate or misleading assertion or statement, such as the Contractor endorsed by CMS, the Federal or State government or similar entity.    

11.5.11 
 Conform to the requirements of ACOM Policy 425 should the Contractor use Social Networking Platforms for Health Promotion.        

11.5.12 
 Materials must not include words such as  join ,  enroll ,  sign up  or similar verbiage unless approved by AHCCCS. If the Contractor intends to use such language in the materials or
script, the request for approval must explain how the message is related to a social marketing goal.    
      124  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

11.5.13 
 The following Health Promotion activities are prohibited:        

11.5.13.3 
 Promotional materials, incentives, or any other activity to influence enrollment in conjunction with the sale or offering of any private insurance,    

11.5.13.4 
 Utilization of the word  free  in reference to covered services is prohibited ( at no cost  is acceptable),        

11.5.13.6 
 Non-health related promotional items unless including a health message (e.g. Don t Smoke, Get Your Flu Shot, Crisis Line info),    

11.5.13.8 
 Inaccurate, misleading, confusing or negative information about AHCCCS or the Contractor and any information that may defraud members or the public,    

The Contractor shall not conduct any marketing activities for the purpose of
increasing membership.      
   The Contractor shall:  

11.7.1 
 Develop and maintain a website that is focused, informational, user-friendly, functional, and provides the information as required in ACOM Policy 416 and ACOM Policy 404.    

11.7.2 
 Submit deliverables in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

11.8  
  Social Networking Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

11.8.1 
 Adhere to the requirements for Social Networking Activities as described in ACOM Policy 425 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

11.8.2 
 Social Networking for purposes of Marketing is prohibited.    
      125  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

11.9.1 
 Provide and participate in outreach activities to inform the public of the benefits and availability of behavioral health services and how to access those services as outlined in ACOM Policy 425.    

11.9.2 
 Provide outreach and dissemination of information to the general public, other human service providers including but not limited to county and state governments, school administrators, first responders, teachers, those
providing services for military veterans and other interested parties about the availability and accessibility of services.        

11.9.3 
 Coordinate with AHCCCS in promoting its outreach initiatives.        

11.10  
  Identification Cards for SMI Members Receiving Physical Health Care Services       The
Contractor shall:      

11.10.1 
 Be responsible for the production, distribution and costs of Medicaid eligible member identification cards for Medicaid eligible SMI members receiving physical health care services and the AHCCCS Notice of Privacy
Practices in accordance with ACOM Policy 433. See also Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

12  
  CULTURAL COMPETENCY         
   The Contractor shall ensure compliance with a Cultural Competency
Plan that meets the requirements of ACOM Policy 405. An annual assessment of the effectiveness of the plan, along with a language services report and any modifications to the plan, must be submitted to the DHCM Operations Unit, as specified in
Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    The plan shall address cultural considerations and limited English proficiency for all services and settings [42
CFFR 438.206 (c)(2)].      
   The Contractor shall ensure that members are provided
covered services without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability and will not use any policy or practice that has the effect of discriminating on the basis of race, color, or national
origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability [42 CFR 438.3(d)] [45 CFR Part 92].    Examples of prohibited practices
include, but are not limited to, the following:      

12.2.1 
 Denying or not providing a member any covered service or access to an available facility;        

12.2.2 
 Providing to a member any medically necessary covered service which is different, or is provided in a different manner or at a different time from that provided to other members, other public or private patients or the
public at large, except where medically necessary;        

12.2.3 
 Subjecting a member to segregation or separate treatment in any manner related to the receipt of any covered service; restricting a member in any way in his or her enjoyment of any advantage or privilege enjoyed by
others receiving any covered service; and    
      126  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

12.2.4 
 The assignment of times or places for the provision of services on the basis of the race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, sexual preference, income status, AHCCCS membership,
or physical or intellectual disabilities of the participants to be served.        

12.2.6 
 The Contractor must ensure members and individuals with disabilities are accommodated to actively participate in the provision of services and have physical access to facilities, procedures and exams. For example, the
Contractor must provide appropriate auxiliary aids and services to persons with impaired sensory, manual, or speaking skills. The Contractor must provide accommodations to members and individuals with disabilities at no cost to afford such
persons an equal opportunity to benefit from the covered services. [45 CFR 92.202 92.205].        

12.2.7 
 If the Contractor knowingly executes a subcontract with a provider with the intent of allowing or permitting the subcontractor to implement barriers to care (i.e. the terms of the subcontract act to discourage the full
utilization of services by some members) the Contractor will be in default of its Contract.        

12.2.8 
 If the Contractor identifies a problem involving discrimination or accommodations for individuals with disabilities by one of its providers, it shall promptly intervene and require a corrective action plan from the
provider. Failure to take prompt corrective measures may place the Contractor in default of its Contract.        

13  
  GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS       The Contractor shall have in place a written Grievance and
Appeal System process for subcontractors, enrollees and non-contracted providers, which define their rights regarding disputed matters with the Contractor. The Contractor s Grievance and Appeal System for enrollees includes a grievance
process (the procedures for addressing enrollee grievances), an appeals process and access to the State s fair hearing process as outlined in Exhibit-14, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards. The Contractor s dispute process
for subcontractors and non-contracted providers includes a claim dispute process and access to the State s fair hearing process as outlined in Exhibit-15, Provider Claim Dispute Standards. The Contractor shall remain responsible for compliance
with all requirements set forth in Exhibit-14, Enrollee Grievance and Appeal System Standards, Exhibit-15 Provider Claim Dispute Standards, and 42 CFR Part 438 Subpart F.  
   
   The Contractor shall:  

13.1.1 
 Implement and administer a Grievance and Appeal System, 42 CFR 438.228 for members, subcontractors and providers which include written processes for the following:    

13.1.1.4 
 Opt-out for Cause Hearings as outlined in ACOM Policy 442. See also Contract Section on, Opt-Out for Cause,    
      127  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

13.1.2 
 Ensure that the Grievance and Appeal System complies with all applicable requirements in federal and state laws and regulations, ACOM, AMPM, and the requirements under this Contract.    

13.1.3 
 Not delegate or subcontract the administration or performance of the Member Grievance, TXIX/XXI Appeal, or Claim Dispute processes.        

13.1.4 
 Provide written notification of the Contractor s Grievance and Appeal System processes to all subcontractor and providers at the time of entering into a subcontract.    

13.1.5 
 Provide written notification with information about Contractor s Grievance and Appeal System to members in the Member Handbook in conformance with Contract Section on, Member Handbooks.    

13.1.6 
 Provide written notification to members at least 30 days prior to the effective date of a change in a Grievance and Appeal System policy.    

13.1.7 
 Administer all Grievance and Appeal System processes competently, expeditiously, and equitably for all members, subcontractors, and providers to ensure that member grievances, appeals, and claim disputes are effectively
and efficiently adjudicated and/or resolved.        

13.1.8 
 Continuously review Grievance and Appeal System data to identify trends and opportunities for system improvement; take action to correct identified deficiencies; and otherwise implement modifications which improve
Grievance and Appeal System operations and efficiency.        

13.1.9 
 Comply with the provisions in Contract Section on, Administrative Requirements, which shall include having all professional, paraprofessional, and clerical/administrative resources to represent the Contractor s,
subcontractor s and/or provider s interests for Grievance and Appeal System cases that rise to the level of an administrative or judicial hearing or proceeding, except for a claim dispute. In the event of a claim dispute, the Contractor
and the claimant are responsible to provide the necessary professional, paraprofessional and administrative resources to represent each of its respective interest. Absent written agreement to the contrary, the Contractor shall be responsible for
payment of attorney fees and costs awarded to a claimant in any administrative or judicial proceeding.        

13.1.10 
 Provide AHCCCS with any Grievance and Appeal System information, report or document within the time specified by AHCCCS  request.    

13.1.11 
 Fully cooperate with AHCCCS in the event AHCCCS decides to intervene in, participate in or review any Notice, Member Grievance, Appeal, or Claim Dispute or any other Grievance and Appeal System process or proceeding.
Contractor shall comply with or implement any AHCCCS directive within the time specified pending formal resolution of the issue.        

13.1.12 
 Designate a qualified individual staff person to collaborate with AHCCCS to address provider or member Grievance and Appeal System-related concerns consistent with the requirements of this Contract.    

13.1.13 
   Consider the best clinical interests of the member when addressing provider or member Grievance and Appeal
System-related concerns. When such concerns     
      128  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

are communicated to designated staff, communicate the concern, at a minimum and when appropriate, to Contractor s senior management team, AHCCCS leadership, government officials,
legislators, or the media.        

13.1.14 
 Require the qualified, designated individual staff person to perform the following activities:        

13.1.14.2 
 Consult with the treatment team, Contractor s CMO or a Care Manager for clinical recommendations when applicable;        

13.1.14.3 
 Develop communication strategies in accordance with confidentiality laws; and        

13.1.14.4 
 Develop a written plan to address and resolve the situation to be approved by AHCCCS prior to implementation.        

13.1.15 
 Regularly review Grievance and Appeal System data to identify members that utilize Grievance and Appeal System processes at a significantly higher rate than others.    

13.1.16 
 Conduct a review and take any indicated clinical interventions, revisions to service planning or referrals to Contractor s Care Management Program when the data shows that a particular member is an outlier by
filing repetitive grievances and/or appeals. See also AMPM 320-O.        

13.1.17 
 Provide reports on the Grievance and Appeal System as required in the AHCCCS Grievance and Appeal System Reporting Guide available on the AHCCCS website. See Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

13.2.1 
 Develop and maintain a dedicated department to acknowledge, investigate, and resolve member grievances. The distinct department should be accessible to members, providers and other stakeholders via a designated phone
number that can be accessed directly or by a telephone prompt on the contractor s messaging system.        

13.2.2 
 Respond to and resolve member grievances in a courteous, responsive, effective, and timely manner.        

13.2.3 
 Actively engage and become involved in resolving member grievances in a manner that holds subcontractors and providers accountable for their actions that precipitated or caused the member grievance.    

13.2.4 
 Not engage in conduct to prohibit, discourage or interfere with a member s or a provider s right to assert a member grievance, appeal, claim dispute or use any Grievance and Appeal System process.

13.2.5 
 Submit response to the resolution of member grievances as directed by AHCCCS.        

13.2.6 
 Provide AHCCCS with a quarterly report summarizing the number of member grievances filed by or on behalf of a Title XIX or Title XXI eligible person determined to have SMI. The report must be categorized by access to
care, medical service provision and Contractor service level. The report shall be submitted as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      129  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

13.3.1 
 Implement all appeal processes in a manner that offers appellants an opportunity to present an appeal in person at a convenient time and location for the member, and provide the privacy required by law.

13.3.2 
 Require all staff facilitating in-person TXIX/XXI appeal conferences to have training in mediation, conflict resolution or problem solving techniques.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

13.4.1 
 Provide subcontractors with the Contractor s Claim Dispute Policy at the time of entering into a subcontract. The Contractor shall provide non-contracted providers with the Contractor s Claim Dispute Policy
with a remittance advice. The Contractor shall send the remittance advice and policy within 45 days of receipt of a claim.        

13.5  
  Grievance and Appeal System Reporting Requirements         

13.5.1 
 The Contractor shall submit all deliverables related to the Grievance and Appeal System in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

14  
  CORPORATE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM         
   The Contractor shall be in compliance with [42 CFR 438.608]. The
Contractor must have a mandatory Corporate Compliance Program, supported by other administrative procedures including a Corporate Compliance Plan that is designed to guard against fraud, waste, and abuse.  
 The Contractor shall have written criteria for selecting a Corporate Compliance Officer and the job description clearly outlining the
responsibilities and authority of the position. The Contractor s written Corporate Compliance Plan must adhere to Contract and ACOM Policy 103 and must be submitted annually to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The Corporate
Compliance program shall be designed to both prevent and detect fraud, waste, and abuse.    The Corporate Compliance Program must include:

14.1.1 
 Written policies, procedures, and standards of conduct that articulates the organization s commitment to and processes for complying with all Federal and state rules, regulations, guidelines, and standards;

14.1.2 
 The Corporate Compliance Officer must be an onsite management official who reports directly to the Contractor s top management. Any exceptions must be approved by AHCCCS;    

14.1.3 
 Effective lines of communication between the Corporate Compliance officer and the Contractor s employees;        

14.1.4 
 Enforcement of standards through well-publicized disciplinary guidelines;    
      130  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.1.5 
 Provision for internal monitoring and auditing, as well as provisions for external monitoring and auditing of subcontractors The Contractor shall provide the external auditing schedule and executive summary of all
audits to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables;        

14.1.6 
 Provision for prompt response to problems detected;        

14.1.7 
 The written designation of a Corporate Compliance Committee who is accountable to the Contractor s top management. The Corporate Compliance Committee which shall be made up of, at a minimum, the Corporate
Compliance Officer, a budgetary official and other executive officials with the authority to commit resources. The Corporate Compliance Committee will assist the Corporate Compliance Officer in monitoring, reviewing and assessing the effectiveness
of the Corporate Compliance program and timeliness of reporting;        

14.1.8 
 Pursuant to the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (DRA), Contractors, as a condition for receiving payments shall establish written policies for employees detailing:    

14.1.8.2 
 The administrative remedies for false claims and statements;        

14.1.8.3 
 Any State laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

14.1.9 
 The Contractor must require, through documented policies and subsequent contract amendments, that subcontractors and providers train their staff on the following aspects of the Federal False Claims Act provisions:

14.1.9.1 
 The administrative remedies for false claims and statements;        

14.1.9.2 
 Any State laws relating to civil or criminal penalties for false claims and statements; and        

14.1.10 
 The Contractor must establish a process for training existing staff and new hires on the compliance program and on the items above. All training must be conducted in such a manner that can be verified by AHCCCS.

14.1.11 
 The Contractor must notify AHCCCS, DHCM Data Analysis and Research, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, of any CMS compliance issues related to HIPAA transaction and code set complaints or sanctions.

14.2.2 
 The Contractor shall not conduct any investigation or review of the allegations of fraud, waste, or abuse involving the AHCCCS Program. Notification to AHCCCS-OIG shall be in accordance with ACOM Policy 103 and as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      131  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.2.3 
 The Contractor must also report to AHCCCS-OIG as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables any credentialing denials including, but not limited to those which are the result of licensure issues, quality of care concerns,
excluded providers, and which are due to alleged fraud, waste or abuse. In accordance with, 42 CFR 455.14, AHCCCS-OIG will then conduct a preliminary investigation to determine if there is sufficient basis to warrant a full investigation. 42 CFR
455.17, 42 CFR 455.1(a)(1).        

14.2.4 
 As stated in A.R.S.  13-2310, incorporated herein by reference, any person who knowingly obtains any benefit by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, promises, or material omissions is guilty of
a Class 2 felony.        

14.2.5 
 The Contractor agrees to permit and cooperate with any onsite review. A review by the AHCCCS-OIG may be conducted without notice and for the purpose of ensuring program compliance.    

14.2.6 
 The Contractor also agrees to respond to electronic, telephonic or written requests for information within the timeframe specified by AHCCCS.    

14.2.7 
 The Contractor agrees to provide documents, including original documents, to representatives of AHCCCS-OIG upon request and at no cost. The AHCCCS-OIG shall allow a reasonable time for the Contractor to copy the
requested documents, not to exceed 20 business days from the date of the AHCCCS-OIG request.        

14.2.8 
 Once the Contractor has referred a case of alleged fraud, waste, or abuse to AHCCCS, the Contractor shall take no action to recoup or otherwise offset any suspected overpayments.    

14.2.9 
 If it is determined by AHCCCS-OIG to not be a fraud, waste, or abuse case, the Contractor shall adhere to the applicable AHCCCS policy manuals for disposition.    

14.2.10 
 In addition, the Contractor must furnish to AHCCCS or CMS, within 35 days of receiving a request, full and complete information, pertaining to business transactions, 42 CFR 455.105:    

14.2.10.1 
 The ownership of any subcontractor with whom the Contractor has had business transactions totaling more than $25,000 during the 12-month period ending on the date of request; and    

14.2.10.2 
 Any significant business transactions between the Contractor, any subcontractor, and wholly owned supplier, or between the Contractor and any subcontractor during the five year period ending on the date of the request.
       
   The Contractor must obtain the following information regarding ownership and control [42 CFR 455.104]: xvi       

14.3.1 
   The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Numbers of any  individual  with an ownership or
control interest in the Contractor including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined direct/indirect ownership interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other
obligation secured by the Contractor if that interest equals at least     
      132  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.3.2 
 The Name, Address, and Tax Identification Number of any  corporation  with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor including those individuals who have direct, indirect, or combined direct/indirect
ownership interest of 5% or more of the Contractor s equity, owns 5% or more of any mortgage, deed of trust, note, or other obligation secured by the Contractor if that interest equals at least 5% of the value of the Contractor s assets,
is an officer or director of a Contractor organized as a corporation, or is a partner in a Contractor organized as a partnership (Sections 1124(a)(2)(A) and 1903(m)(2)(A)(viii) of the Social Security Act and, 42 CFR 455.100-104. The address for
corporate entities must include as applicable primary business address, every business location, and P.O. Box address.        

14.3.3 
 Whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the Contractor as a spouse, parent, child,
or sibling; or whether the person ( individual or corporation ) with an ownership or control interest in any subcontractor of the Contractor has a 5% or more interest is related to another person with ownership or control interest in the
Contractor as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling.        

14.3.4 
 The name of any disclosing entity, other disclosing entity, fiscal agent or managed care entity as defined in, 42 CFR 455.101 in which an owner of the Contractor has an ownership or control interest.    

14.3.5 
 The Name, Address, Date of Birth and Social Security Number of any agent or managing employee (including Key Staff) of the Contractor as defined in, 42 CFR 455.101.    

The Contractor must do the following:      

14.4.1 
 Confirm the identity and determine the exclusion status of any person with an ownership or control interest in the Contractor, and any person who is an agent or managing employee of the Contractor (including Key Staff),
through routine checks of Federal databases; and        

14.4.2 
 Disclose the identity of any of these excluded persons, including those who have ever been convicted of a criminal offense related to that person s involvement in any program under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Title
XX services program since the inception of those programs.        

14.4.3 
 The Contractor shall, on a monthly basis, confirm the identity and determine the exclusion status through routine checks of:        

14.4.3.2 
 The System for Award Management (SAM) formerly known as The Excluded Parties List (EPLS); and        
 
      133  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

14.4.4.1 
 Upon the Contractor submitting the proposal in accordance with the State s procurement process;        

14.4.4.2 
 Upon the Contractor executing the contract with the State;        

14.4.5 
 The results of the  Disclosure of Ownership and Control  and the Disclosure of  Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes  shall be held by the Contractor. Upon renewal or extension of the Contract, the
Contractor shall submit an annual attestation as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, that the information has been obtained and verified by the Contractor, or upon request, provide this information to AHCCCS. Refer to ACOM Policy 103 for further
information. xviii         

14.4.6 
 The Contractor must immediately notify AHCCCS-OIG of any person who has been excluded through these checks as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

14.4.7 
 Federal Financial Participation (FFP) is not available for any amounts paid to a Contractor that could be excluded from participation in Medicare or Medicaid for any of the following reasons: xix         

14.4.7.1 
 The Contractor is controlled by a sanctioned individual;        

14.4.7.2 
 The Contractor has a contractual relationship that provides for the administration, management or provision of medical services, or the establishment of policies, or the provision of operational support for the
administration, management or provision of medical services, either directly or indirectly, with an individual convicted of certain crimes as described in Section 1128(b)(8)(B) of the Social Security Act;    

14.4.7.3 
 The Contractor employs or contracts, directly or indirectly, for the furnishing of health care, utilization review, medical social work, or administrative services, with one of the following:    

14.4.7.3.1 
 Any individual or entity excluded from participation in Federal health care programs;        

14.4.8 
 The Contractor shall require Administrative Services Subcontractors adhere to the requirements outlined above regarding Disclosure of Ownership and Control and Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes as
outlined in, 42 CFR 455.101 through 106, 42 CFR 455.436 and SMDL09-001. Administrative Services Subcontractors shall disclose to AHCCCS-OIG the identity of any excluded person.    

14.4.9 
   In the event that AHCCCS-OIG, either through a civil monetary penalty or assessment, a global civil settlement or
judgment, or any other form of civil     
      134  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

action, including recovery of an overpayment, receives a monetary recovery from an entity, the entirety of such monetary recovery belongs exclusively to AHCCCS and the Contractor has no claim to
any portion of this recovery.        

14.4.10 
 In accordance with Section 1128A(a)(6) of the Social Security Act; and 42 CFR section 1003.102(a)(2)(3), civil monetary penalties may be imposed against the Contractor, its subcontractors or providers who employ or
enter into contracts with excluded individuals or entities to provide items or services to Medicaid recipients.        

14.4.11 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished under the plan by any
individual or entity during any period when the individual or entity is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to Sections 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) and (1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(A)) of the Social
Security Act. xx         

14.4.12 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished at the medical direction
or on the prescription of a physician, during the period when such physician is excluded from participation under title V, XVIII, XIX, XX, or XXI pursuant to section 1128, 1128A, 1156, or 1842(j)(2) of the Social Security Act and when the person
furnishing such item or service knew, or had reason to know, of the exclusion (after a reasonable time period after reasonable notice has been furnished to the person) (Sections 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(B))of the Social Security Act). xxi         

14.4.13 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) furnished by an individual or
entity to whom the state has failed to suspend payments during any period in which the state has notified the Contractor of a pending investigation of a credible allegation of fraud against the individual or entity, unless the state determines there
is good cause not to suspend such payments (Section 1903(i) and 1903(i)(2)(C)) of the Social Security Act). xxii     

15  
  FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT         
   The Contractor shall:  

15.1.1 
 Review for accumulated fund deficits on a quarterly and annual basis. In the event the Contractor has a fund deficit, the Contractor and its owners shall fund the deficit through capital contributions in a form
acceptable to AHCCCS. The capital contributions must be for the period in which the deficit is reported and shall occur within 30 days of the financial statement due to AHCCCS. AHCCCS at its sole discretion may impose a different timeframe other
than the 30 days required in this paragraph. AHCCCS may, at its option, impose sanctions as a result of an accumulated deficit, even if unaudited.        

15.1.2 
 Develop and maintain internal controls and systems to separately account for both AHCCCS-related revenue and expenses and non-AHCCCS-related revenue and expenses by type and program.    

15.1.3 
 Develop and maintain internal controls to prevent and detect fraud, waste and abuse.        

15.1.4 
 Separately account for all funds received under this Contract in conformance with the requirements in the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    
      135  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

15.2.1 
 Establish and maintain a performance bond or bond substitute for as long as the Contractor has liabilities of $50,000 or more outstanding, or 15 months following the termination of this contract, whichever is later to
guarantee payment of the Contractor s obligations to providers, non-contracting providers, non-providers, and other subcontractors, and to satisfy its obligations under this Contract.    

15.2.2 
 Obtain, submit, and maintain a performance bond in a form acceptable to AHCCCS in accordance with ACOM Policy 305. In the event AHCCCS agrees to accept substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in ACOM
Policy 305, the Contractor agrees to execute any and all documents and perform any and all acts necessary to secure and enforce AHCCCS  security interest in such substitute security including, but not limited to, security agreements and
necessary UCC filings pursuant to the Arizona Uniform Commercial Code. The Contractor must request acceptance from AHCCCS when a substitute security in lieu of the security types outlined in ACOM Policy 305 is established. In the event such
substitute security is agreed to and accepted by AHCCCS, the Contractor acknowledges that it has granted AHCCCS a security interest in such substitute security to secure performance of its obligations under this Contract. The Contractor is solely
responsible for establishing the credit-worthiness of all forms of substitute security. AHCCCS may, after written notice to the Contractor, withdraw its permission for substitute security, in which case the Contractor shall provide AHCCCS with a
form of security described in ACOM Policy 305.        

15.2.3 
 Not leverage the performance bond as collateral for debt or use the bond as security to creditors. The Contractor shall be in material breach of this Contract if it fails to maintain or renew the performance bond as
required by this Contract and as outlined in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

15.2.4 
 Maintain a performance bond in an amount, as determined by AHCCCS, at the beginning of each contract cycle. The initial amount of the Performance Bond shall be equal to or greater than 100% of the first monthly payment
expected to be paid to the Contractor in the first month of the contract year, or as determined by AHCCCS. This requirement must be satisfied by the Contractor no later than 30 days after notification by AHCCCS of the amount required. AHCCCS shall
review the adequacy of the Performance Bond on a monthly basis to determine if the Performance Bond must be increased. When the amount of the Performance Bond falls below 90% of the monthly payment then the amount of the instrument must be increased
to at least 100% of the monthly payment. The Contractor shall have 30 days following notification by AHCCCS to increase the amount of the Performance Bond.        

15.2.5 
 Not change the amount, duration, or scope of the Performance Bond without prior written approval from AHCCCS.        

15.2.6 
 Reimburse AHCCCS for expenses exceeding the performance bond amount.    
      136  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  AHCCCS shall:      

15.2.7 
 When Contractor is in breach of any material term of this Contract, in addition to any other remedies it may have herein, obtain payment under the performance bond or performance bond substitute for the following:

15.2.7.1 
 Paying damages sustained by subcontracted providers, non-contracting providers, and non-providers as a result of a breach of Contractor s obligations under this Contract;    

15.2.7.2 
 Reimbursing AHCCCS for any payments made on behalf of the Contractor;        

15.2.7.3 
 Reimbursing AHCCCS for any extraordinary administrative expenses incurred by a Contractor s breach including, expenses incurred after termination of this Contract; and    

15.2.7.4 
 Making any payments or expenditures deemed necessary to AHCCCS, in its sole discretion, incurred by AHCCCS in the direct operation of the RBHA.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

15.3.1 
 Provide clarification of accounting issues found in financial reports identified by AHCCCS upon request.        

15.3.2 
 Provide annual financial reports audited by an independent Certified Public Accountant prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Auditing Standards (GAAS) and the approved cost allocation plan.    

15.3.3 
 Have the annual Statement of Activities and Supplemental Reports audited and signed by an independent Certified Public Accountant attesting usage of the approved cost allocation plan and in accordance with the AHCCCS
Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.        

15.3.4 
 Comply with all financial reporting requirements specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, and the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors, a copy of which may be found on the AHCCCS website. The required
reports are subject to change during the contract term and are summarized in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

15.3.5 
 Except for arrangements where the Contractor delegated or subcontracted the provision of Medicare benefits with another entity that is also responsible for performing those functions for the Contractor s Medicaid
line of business, submit quarterly D-SNP financial statements to AHCCCS. Separate reporting for the BHS line of business will be required. If the D-SNP plan is licensed through the Department of Insurance (DOI) the Contractor shall submit its DOI
quarterly reports to AHCCCS for informational purposes. If the D-SNP plan is certified through AHCCCS the Contractor shall submit the quarterly report using the AHCCCS template.    

15.3.6 
 Prepare deliverables in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in electronic copy form. Where specific guidance is not found in authoritative literature or where multiple acceptable methods to
record accounting transactions are available, the Contractor shall, when directed by AHCCCS, comply with the requirements in conformance with the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    
      137  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.3.7 
 Under the terms and conditions of its CMS grant award, AHCCCS requires periodic reports, encounter data and other information from the Contractor. The submission of late, inaccurate, or otherwise incomplete reports
shall constitute failure to report subject to the penalty provisions described in Contract Section on Sanctions.        

15.3.8.1 
  Timeliness : Reports or other required data shall be received on or before scheduled due dates.        

15.3.8.2 
  Accuracy : Reports or other required data shall be prepared in strict conformity with appropriate authoritative sources and/or AHCCCS defined standards.    

15.3.8.3 
  Completeness : All required information shall be fully disclosed in a manner that is both responsive and pertinent to report intent with no material omissions.    

15.3.9 
 The Contractor shall comply with all reporting requirements contained in this contract. AHCCCS requirements regarding reports, report content and frequency of submission of reports are subject to change at any time
during the term of the contract. The Contractor shall comply with all changes specified by AHCCCS. The Contractor shall be responsible for continued reporting beyond the term of the contract.    

15.4  
  Financial Viability/Performance Standards       The Contractor shall:  

15.4.1 
 Be in material breach of this Contract and subject to financial sanctions, corrective action or other Contract remedies for failure to comply with the financial viability/performance standards in this Section. AHCCCS
will take into account the Contractor s unique situation when analyzing service expense and administrative ratio results. However, if critical combinations of the Financial Viability/Performance Standards are not met, or if the
Contractor s experience differs significantly from other Contractors, AHCCCS may exercise the remedies under this Contract.        

15.4.2 
 Comply with the financial viability standards, or any revisions or modifications of the standards, in conformance with the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors, Financial Ratios and Standards.

15.4.3 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS  reviews of the ratios and financial viability standards below. The ratios and financial viability standards are as follows:    

15.4.3.1 
  Current Ratio : Current assets divided by current liabilities must be greater than or equal to 1.00. If current assets include a receivable from a parent company or affiliated company, the parent or affiliated
company must have liquid assets that support the amount of the intercompany loan. Other Assets deemed restricted by AHCCCS are excluded from this ratio;        

15.4.3.2 
    Equity per enrolled TXIX/XXI members : Must be greater than or equal to $25 per enrolled member (limited to
Title XIX/XXI members only) assigned to the RBHA eligible to receive behavioral health     
      138  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

services only, and $25 per member (limited to Title XIX/XXI members only) enrolled with the RBHA for integrated SMI services on the last day of the quarter; (Unrestricted equity, less on-balance
sheet performance bond, due from affiliates, guarantees of debts/pledges/assignments and other assets determined to be restricted, divided by the number of enrolled TXIX/XXI members at the end of the period);    

15.4.3.3 
  Administrative Cost Percentage : (Administrative Costs are those expenses associated with the overall management and operation of the Contractor, including, at a minimum: salaries, staff benefits, professional and
outside services, travel, occupancy, depreciation, interpretive service, care management, and all other operating expenses). Total Title XIX/XXI Administrative Expenses divided by total Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be less than or equal to 10%; and

15.4.3.4 
  Medical Expense Ratio : (Medical Expenses do not include taxes): Total Title XIX/XXI Medical Expense divided by total Title XIX/XXI Revenue shall be no less than 85.0%.    

15.4.4 
 Continue to deliver services to members for the duration of the period for which the member is enrolled, unless insolvent.        
   The Contractor shall:  

15.5.2 
 Submit a copy of its entity s Form 8963, Report of Health Insurance Provider Information, filed with the IRS to report net premium along with its final fee estimate. In addition, the Contractor shall complete and
submit the Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting Template. Both documents are due to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Refer to AHCCCS  ACOM Policy 320, Attachment B, for a copy of the Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting
Template.        

15.5.3 
 For Fee Year 2017, the Federal Government has placed a suspension for HIF taxes that would be paid in 2017 based on revenue received in 2016. Therefore, AHCCCS will suspend Contractor submission of the Form 8963,
Report of Health Insurance Provider Information, and Attachment B, Health Insurer Fee Liability Reporting Template, related to Fee Year 2017 due September 30, 2017. AHCCCS will not make HIF payments to the Contractor for fee year 2017.

15.5.4 
 Submit a written statement that no fee is due if the Contractor is not subject to the Health Insurer Fee. Indicate the reason for the exemption.    

15.5.5 
 Submit a copy of its entity s federal and state tax filings via email as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The text of the email should indicate the entity s federal and state tax rates.    
 AHCCCS will suspend Contractor submission of the copies of its federal and state filings for fee year 2017 due April 30, 2018. 

15.5.6 
 Submit its anticipated federal and state tax rates via email by April 30 th  of the year following the fee year, if a filing extension was requested. Once filed,
the Contractor shall submit copies of its federal and state filings within 30 days of filing. Adjustments may occur to capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements that were previously adjusted for tax liability purposes if the resulting
tax liability is materially different from the anticipated tax rates that were previously reported.   
      139  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   AHCCCS shall:  

15.6.1 
 Compensate the Contractor for services provided to Title XIX members during the Prior Period Coverage (PPC) time periods and to Title XIX/XXI members during the prospective time periods through capitation payments as
described and defined within this Contract. Title XXI members are not eligible for PPC services.        

15.6.2 
 Establish the capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements using Actuaries and practices established by the Actuarial Standards Board with the following data for the purposes of rebasing and/or updating the
capitation rates:        

15.6.2.1 
 Utilization and unit cost data derived from adjudicated encounters;        

15.6.2.2 
 Audited and unaudited financial statements reported by the Contractor;        

15.6.2.4 
 AHCCCS fee-for-service schedule pricing adjustments;        

15.6.2.5 
 Programmatic or Medicaid covered service changes that affect reimbursement; and        

15.6.2.6 
 Other changes to behavioral health/medical practices or administrative requirements that affect reimbursement.        

15.6.3 
 Adjust capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements to best match payment to risk in order to further ensure the actuarial basis for the rates. Examples of risk factors that may be included are as follows:

15.6.3.3 
 Risk sharing arrangements for limited or all members.        

15.6.4 
 Limit the amount of expenditures to be used in the capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements setting process and reconciliations to the lesser of the contracted/mandated amount or the Contractor paid amount
for services or pharmaceuticals, in instances in which AHCCCS has specialty contracts or legislation/policy which limits the allowable reimbursement.        

15.6.5 
 Review the information described in this Section with Actuaries in renewal years to determine if adjustments are necessary.        

15.6.6 
 Not include in the data provided to Actuaries for setting capitation rates encounters for Title XIX services billed by an IHS or a tribally owned or operated facility.    

15.6.7 
   Inform the Contractor that AHCCCS Division of Fee For Service Management (DFSM) will reimburse claims for SMI
physical health care services that are medically necessary, eligible for 100% federal reimbursement, and are provided to Title XIX members enrolled with the Contractor by an IHS or a Tribally owned
    
      140  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

or operated facility and when the member is eligible to receive services at the IHS or a Tribally owned or operated facility. Encounters for Title XIX services billed by an IHS or a Tribally
owned or operated facility will not be accepted by AHCCCS from the Contractor.        

15.6.8 
 In conformance with ACOM Policy 323, reconcile the Contractor s service expenses to service revenue/net capitation paid to the Contractor for dates of service during the Contract year being reconciled for the
behavioral health categories/risk groups: CMDP Child, Non-CMDP Child, DDD Child, DDD Adult, GMH/SA Non-Dual, SMI members not receiving physical health care services under this Contract, SMI members receiving physical health care services under this
Contract for purposes of limiting Contractor s profits and losses. It is the intent of AHCCCS that adjudicated encounter data will be used to determine service expenses. The Children population (Non-CMDP Child, CMDP Child, and DDD Child) will
be separately reconciled from the Adult population (SMI Integrated, SMI Non-Integrated, GMH/SA Non-Dual, and DDD Adult).        

15.6.9 
 Information is reviewed by AHCCCS  actuaries in renewal years to determine if adjustments are necessary. The Contractor may cover services that are not covered under the State Plan or the Arizona Medicaid
Section 1115 Demonstration Waiver Special Terms and Conditions approved by CMS; however, AHCCCS will not consider costs of non-covered services in the development of capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements, 42 CFR 438.6(e)(Section
1903(i) and 1903(i)(17) of the Social Security Act). xxiii         

15.6.10 
 Graduate Medical Education (GME) payments are not included in the capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements but paid out separately, consistent with the terms of Arizona s State Plan. xxiv  Likewise, because AHCCCS does not delegate any of its responsibilities for administering Electronic Health Record (EHR) incentive payments to the Contractor, EHR payments are also
excluded from the capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements and are paid out separately by AHCCCS pursuant to Section 4201 of the HITECH Act 42 USC 1396 b(t), and 42 CFR 495.300 et
seq. xxv         

15.6.11 
 For information on Value Based Purchasing Differential Adjusted Payments see the Finance Section on  Value-Based Purchasing .        

   AHCCCS shall:  

15.7.1 
 Except for changes made specifically in accordance with this Contract, not renegotiate or modify the rates set forth in Exhibit-11.        

15.7.2 
 Have discretion to review the effect of program changes, legislative requirements, Contractor experience, actuarial assumptions, and/or Contractor specific capitation factors to determine if a capitation adjustment is
needed. In these instances the adjustment and assumptions will be discussed with the Contractor prior to modifying capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements.    

15.7.3 
 Consider the Contractor s request for a review of a program change when Contractor alleges the program change was not equitable; AHCCCS will not unreasonably withhold such a review.    

15.7.4 
 Have the discretion to adjust the amount of payment in addition to other available remedies if the Contractor fails to comply with any term or is in any manner in default in the performance of any obligation under this
Contract until there is satisfactory resolution of the noncompliance or default.    
      141  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.7.5 
 Have the discretion to deduct from a future monthly capitation or additionally reimburse the Contractor, as appropriate, for any month during which the Contractor was not at risk. Examples are as follows:

15.7.5.4 
 Adjustment based on change in a member s behavioral health category and/or risk group; and        

15.7.6 
 Have the discretion to modify its policy on capitation recoupments at any time during the term of this Contract.        

15.7.7 
 Make a retroactive capitation rates and Contractor Specific Requirements adjustment, if applicable, to approximate the cost associated with the Health Insurer Assessment Fee (Assessment Fee), subject to the receipt of
documentation from the Contractor regarding the amount of the Contractor s liability for the Assessment Fee. Section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires that the Contractor, if applicable, pay an
Assessment Fee annually beginning in 2014 based on its respective market share of premium revenues from the preceding year. The cost of the Assessment Fee will include both the Assessment Fee itself and the corporate income tax liability the
Contractor incurs related to the Assessment Fee. See ACOM Policy 320 for further details.      The Contractor shall:  

15.7.8 
 Notify AHCCCS of program and/or expenditure changes initiated by the Contractor during the contract period that may result in material changes to the current or future capitation rates and Contractor Specific
Requirements.        

15.7.9 
 If the Contractor intends to purchase reinsurance, the Contractor shall submit the details of such proposed reinsurance to AHCCCS for informational purposes only prior to its projected effective date.    

15.7.10 
 Reimburse AHCCCS and/or AHCCCS may deduct from future monthly capitation for any portion of a month during which the Contractor was not at risk due to, for example:    

15.7.11 
 AHCCCS reserves the right to modify its policy on capitation recoupments at any time during the term of this Contract.    
      142  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.7.12 
  Inmate of a Public Institution Reporting : Note that several counties are submitting daily files of all inmates entering their jail and all inmates released. AHCCCS will match these files against the database of
active AHCCCS members. Title XIX/XXI members who become incarcerated will be placed in a  no-pay  status for the duration of their incarceration or their eligibility period if shorter. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor with incarceration
information for the member on the Contractor s 834 file. The file will indicate an  IE  code for  ineligible  associated with the disenrollment. The file will also include a data element indicating the County of jurisdiction and
 CTYPRI  as the new health plan of enrollment due to incarceration. Upon release from jail, the member will be enrolled using the current enrollment rules and hierarchy as follows: SMI designation, Native American on reservation, re-enroll
with their previous Contractor if less than 90 days from disenrollment, or enrollment choice or auto-assign if more than 90 days from disenrollment. A member is eligible for covered services until the effective date of the member s
 no-pay  status.        

15.7.13 
 If the Contractor becomes aware of a member who becomes an inmate of a public institution and who is not identified in the AHCCCS reporting above, the Contractor must notify AHCCCS for an eligibility determination.
Notifications must be sent via email to the following email address:       MCDUJustice@azahcccs.gov .  
 Notifications must include:      

15.7.14 
 The Contractor does   not   need to report members incarcerated with the Arizona Department of Corrections.        

15.7.15 
 Utilize the AHCCCS transaction updates as identified below:        

15.7.15.1 
 A monthly capitation transaction file for the SMI members receiving Physical Health care services under this Contract will be produced to provide the Contractor with member-level capitation payment information
representing the monthly prospective capitation payment and changes to the previous month s prospective capitation payment resulting from enrollment changes that occur after the previous monthly file is produced. This file will identify mass
adjustments to and/or manual capitation payments that occurred at AHCCCS after the monthly file is produced.        
   AHCCCS shall:  

15.8.1 
 Subject to the availability of funds, make payments to the Contractor in accordance with the terms of this contract provided that the Contractor s performance is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this
contract. Payment must comply with requirements of A.R.S. Title 36. AHCCCS reserves the option to make payments to the Contractor by wire or National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA) transfer and will provide the Contractor at least 30
days  notice prior to the effective date of any such change.    
      143  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.8.2 
 Where payments are made by electronic funds transfer, AHCCCS shall not be liable for any error or delay in transfer or indirect or consequential damages arising from the use of the electronic funds transfer process. Any
charges or expenses imposed by the bank for transfers or related actions shall be borne by the Contractor.        

15.8.3 
 Except for adjustments made to correct errors in payment, and as otherwise specified in this contract, any savings remaining to the Contractor as a result of favorable claims experience and efficiencies in service
delivery at the end of the contract term may be kept by the Contractor.        

15.8.4 
 Except for monies received from the collection of third-party liabilities, the only source of payment to the Contractor for the services provided hereunder is from funds under the control of AHCCCS. An error discovered
by the State, in the amount of fees paid to the Contractor, with or without an audit, will be subject to adjustment or repayment by AHCCCS via a recoupment from future payment(s) to the Contractor, or by making an additional payment to the
Contractor. When the Contractor identifies an overpayment, AHCCCS must be notified and reimbursed within 30 days of identification.        

15.8.5 
 No payment due the Contractor by AHCCCS may be assigned or pledged by the Contractor. This section shall not prohibit AHCCCS at its sole option from making payment to a fiscal agent hired by the Contractor.
     The Contractor shall:      

15.8.6 
 Notify and reimburse AHCCCS within 30 days of when the Contractor identifies an overpayment by AHCCCS.        

15.8.7 
 The Contractor is prohibited from paying for an item or service (other than an emergency item or service, not including items or services furnished in an emergency room of a hospital) with respect to any amount expended
for which funds may not be used under the Assisted Suicide Funding Restriction Act of 1997. (1903(i) final sentence and 1903(i)(16) of the Social Security Act. xxvi     
 Cost Settlement for Primary Care Payment Parity:      

15.8.9 
   AHCCCS has developed an enhanced fee schedule containing the qualifying codes using the 2009 Medicare conversion
factor in compliance with the greater-of     
      144  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

requirement. The enhanced payments apply only to services provided on and after April 1, 2014 by qualified providers, who self-attest to AHCCCS as defined in the federal regulations. These
reimbursement requirements for the enhanced payments apply to payments made for dates of service January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2014. The Contractor shall reprocess all qualifying claims for qualifying providers back to April 1,
2014 dates of service with no requirements that providers re-submit claims or initiate any action. The Contractor shall not apply any discounts to the enhanced rates.    

15.8.10 
 In the event that a provider retroactively loses his/her qualification for enhanced payments, the Contractor shall identify impacted claims and automatically reprocess for the recoupment of enhanced payments. It is
expected that this reprocessing will be conducted by the Contractor without requirement of further action by the provider.        

15.8.11 
 AHCCCS will make quarterly cost-settlement payments to the Contractor. The cost-settlement payment is a separate payment arrangement from the capitation payment. (CMS Medicaid Managed Care Payment for PCP Services in
2013 and 2014: Technical Guide and Rate Setting Practices) Cost Settlement payments will be based upon adjudicated/approved encounter data. xxviii  This data will provide the necessary documentation
to ensure that primary care enhanced payments were made to network providers. [11/06/2012 final rule, 42 CFR 438.6(c)(5)(vi)(B)]. xxix     

15.8.12 
 The Contractor will be required to refund payments to AHCCCS for any reduced claim payments in the event that a provider is subsequently  decertified  for enhanced payments due to audit or other reasons.

The Contractor shall:  

15.9.1 
 Demonstrate a commitment to the local communities in which it operates through community reinvestment activities including contributing 6% of its annual profits to community reinvestment; and    

15.9.2 
 Regularly obtain community input on local and regional needs prior to enacted community investment activities.        

15.9.3 
 Submit an annual Community Reinvestment Report as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
   The Contractor s claims processes, as well as its prior authorization
and concurrent review process, must minimize the likelihood of having to recoup already-paid claims.     

15.10.1 
 Any individual recoupment in excess of $50,000 per provider, or Tax Identification Number (TIN) within a contract year or greater than 12 months after the date of the original payment must be approved as specified in
Exhibit-9, and as further described in ACOM Policy 412.       

15.10.2 
 When recoupment amounts for a Provider (TIN) cumulatively exceed $50,000 during a contract year (based on recoupment date), the Contractor must report the cumulative recoupment monthly to the designated AHCCCS
Operations and Compliance Officer as outlined in the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide and Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      145  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.10.3 
 The Contractor must void encounters for claims that are recouped in full. For recoupments that result in a reduced claim value or adjustments that result in an increased claim value, replacement encounters must be
submitted. AHCCCS may validate the submission of applicable voids and replacement encounters upon completion of any approved recoupment that meets the qualifications of this section. All replaced or voided encounters must reach adjudicated status
within 120 days of the approval of the recoupment.     The Contractor should refer to ACOM Policy 412 and the AHCCCS Encounter
Manual for further guidance.      

15.11  
  Financial Responsibility for Referrals and Coordination with Acute Health Plans and the Courts     
 The Contractor shall:      

15.11.1 
 Comply with ACOM Policy 432, Benefit Coordination and Fiscal Responsibility for Behavioral Health Services and Physical Health Services Provided to Members Enrolled in the Acute Care Services Program.    

15.11.2 
  Court Ordered Evaluation and Treatment:  The Contractor shall develop collaborative processes with the counties to ensure coordination of care, information sharing and timely access to Title 36 screening,
evaluation and treatment services. Reimbursement for court ordered screening and evaluation services are the responsibility of the County pursuant to A.R.S.  36-545. However, the Contractor may contract with counties for the provision of court
ordered screening and evaluation services. Refer to ACOM Policy 437 for clarification regarding financial responsibility for the provision of medically necessary behavioral health services rendered after the completion of a court ordered evaluation,
and ACOM Policy 423 for clarification regarding the financial responsibility for the provision of specific mental health treatment/care when such treatment is ordered as a result of a judicial ruling. For additional information regarding behavioral
health services refer to Title 9 Chapter 22 Articles 2 and 12.        

15.11.3 
 The Contractor shall develop policies that outline its role and responsibility related to the treatment of individuals who are unable or unwilling to consent to treatment. The policy must be submitted for review as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The policy must address:        

15.11.3.2 
 Court ordered process, including tracking the status of court orders        

15.11.4 
 Ensure initiation of follow-up activities for individuals for whom a crisis service has been provided as the first service to ensure engagement with ongoing services as clinically indicated.    

15.11.5 
   The Contractor s responsibility for payment of behavioral health services includes per diem claims for
inpatient hospital services, when the principal diagnosis on the hospital claim is a behavioral health diagnosis. The hospital claim, which may include both behavioral health and physical health services, will be paid by the Contractor at the per
diem inpatient behavioral health rate prescribed by AHCCCS and described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61. For more detailed information     
      146  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

about Contractor payment responsibility for physical health services that may be provided to members who are also receiving behavioral health services refer to ACOM Policy 432.    

15.12  
  Advances, Equity Distributions, Loans, and Investments       The Contractor shall not,
without the prior approval of AHCCCS:      

15.12.2 
 Make any advances, equity distributions, loans, loan guarantees, or investments, including, but not limited to those to related parties or affiliates including another fund or line of business within its organization;

15.12.3 
 All requests for prior approval are to be submitted to the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Refer to ACOM Policy 418 for further information.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

15.13.1 
 Have the discretion to allow AHCCCS registered providers only to charge Medicaid eligible members for services that are excluded from AHCCCS coverage or that are provided in excess of AHCCCS limits in accordance with
A.A.C R9-22-702.        

15.13.2 
 Not hold Title XIX/XXI members liable for payment for covered services provided to the member except as permitted under A.A.C R9-22-702.    

15.13.3.2 
 Payments to the Contractor or any subcontractors for covered services furnished under a contract, referral or other arrangement, to the extent that those payments are in excess of the amount the member would owe if the
Contractor or any subcontractor provided the services directly, 42 CFR 438.106(c).        

15.14  
  Medicare Services and Cost Sharing Requirements       The Contractor must pay Medicare
coinsurance and/or deductibles for covered services provided to dual eligible members within the Contractor s network. However, there are different cost sharing responsibilities that apply to dual eligible members based on a variety of factors.
The Contractor must limit their cost sharing responsibility according to A.A.C. R9-29-301 and A.A.C. R9-29-302 and as further outlined in ACOM Policy 201. Refer to the Sections on and Medicare Part D and Prescriton Medications, for information
regarding prescription medication for Medicare Part D.      

15.14.1 
 Dual eligible members shall have choice of all providers in the network and shall not be restricted to those that accept Medicare.        
 
      147  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

the Act also eliminates Part D cost-sharing for full-benefit dual eligible individuals who are receiving home and community-based services (HCBS) either through a home and community-based waiver
authorized for a State under  1115 or subsection (c) or (d) of  1915 of the Act.        

15.14.3 
 When a dual eligible member is in a medical institution and that stay is funded by Medicaid for a full calendar month, the dual eligible person is not required to pay copayments for their Medicare covered prescription
medications for the remainder of the calendar year. To ensure appropriate information is communicated for these members to CMS, the Contractor must, notify AHCCCS pursuant to ACOM Policy 201 and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.
       
   The Contractor shall:  

15.15.1 
 Satisfy the initial capitalization amount equal to $5 million in the Northern Region and $10 million in the Southern Region by submitting proof of having secured the initial capitalization amount. If the Contractor is
relying on another organization to meet the initial capitalization requirement, submit the most current audited financial statement of the other organization and write a certification, signed and dated by the President or CEO of the other
organization, with a statement of its intent to provide the initial capitalization amount to the Contractor, without restriction, within the time frames required in this Contract.    

15.15.2 
 Have no more than 50% of the initial capitalization requirement satisfied with an irrevocable Letter of Credit issued by one of the following:    

15.15.2.1 
 A bank doing business in this state and insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;        

15.15.2.2 
 A savings and loan association doing business in this state and insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation; and        

15.15.2.3 
 A credit union doing business in Arizona and insured by the National Credit Union Administration.        

15.15.3 
 Demonstrate the initial unencumbered capitalization amount on or before the Contract Performance Start Date through a contractors  balance sheet or bank statement.    

15.15.4 
 Make security funds available to AHCCCS upon default or nonperformance.        

15.15.5 
 Demonstrate the maintenance of minimum capitalization (net assets/equity) requirement equal to 90% of the monthly payments to the Contractor by the end of first Contract period and through the remainder of the Contract
term.        

15.15.6.1 
 At any time in first Contract Period, the maintenance of minimum capitalization requirement shall never fall below the initial capitalization requirement;    

15.15.6.2 
 Maintain the capitalization requirement; in addition to the requirements in the Contract Section on, Performance Bond; and        

15.15.6.3 
   May apply the initial capitalization and maintenance of minimum capitalization requirement toward meeting the
ongoing equity per     
      148  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

member requirement and for its operations in conformance with ACOM Policy 305 and the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.    

15.16  
  Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements         

15.16.1 
 AHCCCS is the payor of last resort unless specifically prohibited by applicable State or Federal law. This means AHCCCS shall be used as a source of payment for covered services only after all other sources of payment
have been exhausted. The Contractor shall take reasonable measures to identify potentially legally liable third party sources.        

15.16.2 
 If the Contractor discovers the probable existence of a liable third party that is not known to AHCCCS, or identifies any change in coverage, the Contractor must report the information within 10 days of discovery, as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions. AHCCCS will provide the Contractor with a file of all other coverage information, for the purpose of
updating the Contractor s files, as described in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines.        

15.16.3 
 The Contractor shall coordinate benefits in accordance with 42 CFR 433.135 et seq., A.R.S.  36-2903, and A.A.C. R9-22-1001 et seq., so that costs for services otherwise payable by the Contractor are cost avoided or
recovered from a liable third party [42 CFR 434.6(a)(9)]. The term  State  shall be interpreted to mean AHCCCS for purposes of complying with the Federal regulations referenced above. The Contractor may require subcontractors to be
responsible for coordination of benefits for services provided pursuant to this contract. The two methods used for coordination of benefits are cost avoidance and post-payment recovery. The Contractor shall use these methods as described in A.A.C.
R9-22-1001 et seq., Federal and State law, and AHCCCS Policy.        
   The Contractor shall take reasonable measures to determine all legally liable
parties. This refers to any individual, entity or program that is or may be liable to pay all or part of the expenditures for covered services. The Contractor shall cost avoid a claim if it has established the probable existence of a liable party at
the time the claim is filed. For purposes of cost avoidance, establishing liability takes place when the Contractor receives confirmation that another party is, by statute, contract, or agreement, legally responsible for the payment of a claim for a
healthcare item or service delivered to a member. If the probable existence of a party s liability cannot be established, the Contractor must adjudicate the claim. The Contractor must then utilize post-payment recovery which is described in
further detail below. If AHCCCS determines that the Contractor is not actively engaged in cost avoidance activities, the Contractor shall be subject to sanctions.  
 If a third party insurer other than Medicare requires the member to pay any copayment, coinsurance or deductible, the Contractor is
responsible for making these payments in accordance with ACOM Policy 434.    Claims for inpatient stay for labor, delivery and postpartum
care, including professional fees when there is no global OB package, must be cost avoided, 42 CFR 433.139.  
      149  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.16.5.1 
 The Contractor shall not deny a claim for timeliness if the untimely claim submission results from a provider s efforts to determine the extent of liability.    

15.16.7.1 
 Members under 21 years of age who are determined to have a qualifying CRS condition will be enrolled with the CRS Contractor. Members with private insurance or Medicare may use their private insurance or Medicare
provider networks to obtain services including those for the CRS condition. The CRS Contractor is responsible for payment for services provided to its enrolled members according to CRS coverage type. See ACOM Policy 426 for CRS Contractor coverage
responsibilities and coordination of benefits. If the member has Medicare coverage, ACOM Policy 201 shall apply.        
   The Contractor shall pay the full amount of the claim according to the AHCCCS
Capped-Fee-For-Service Schedule or the contracted rate and then seek reimbursement from any third party if the claim is for the following:      

15.16.8.1 
 Prenatal care for pregnant women, including services which are part of a global OB Package;        

15.16.8.2 
 Preventive pediatric services, including Early and Periodic Screening Diagnosis and Treatment (EPSDT) and administration of vaccines to children under the Vaccines for Children (VFC) program;    

15.16.8.3 
 Services covered by third party liability that are derived from an absent parent whose obligation to pay support is being enforced by the Division of Child Support Enforcement; or    

15.16.8.4 
 Services for which the Contractor fails to establish the existence of a liable third party at the time the claim is filed.        

15.16.9.1 
 All TPL reporting requirements are subject to validation through periodic audits and/or operational reviews which may include Contractor submission of an electronic extract of the casualty cases, including open and
closed cases. Data elements may include, but are not limited to: the member s first and last name; AHCCCS ID; date of incident; claimed amount; paid/recovered amount; and case status. The AHCCCS TPL Section shall provide the format and
reporting schedule for this information to the Contractor.        

15.16.10.1 
   The Contractor shall identify the existence of potentially liable parties using a variety of methods, including
referrals, and data mining through the use of trauma code edits and utilizing the codes provided by     
      150  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

AHCCCS. The Contractor shall not pursue recovery in the following circumstances, unless the case has been referred to the Contractor by AHCCCS or AHCCCS  authorized representative:

15.16.10.2 
 Upon identification of a potentially liable third party for any of the above situations, the Contractor shall, within 10 business days, report the potentially liable third party to AHCCCS  TPL Contractor for
determination of a mass tort, total plan case, or joint case, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Failure to report these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions. A mass tort case is a case where
multiple plaintiffs or a class of plaintiffs have filed a lawsuit against the same tort feasor(s) to recover damages arising from the same or similar set of circumstances (e.g. class action lawsuits) regardless of whether any reinsurance or
Fee-For-Service payments are involved. A total plan case is a case where payments for services rendered to the member are exclusively the responsibility of the Contractor; no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payments are involved. By contrast, a
 joint  case is one where Fee-For-Service payments and/or reinsurance payments are involved. The Contractor shall cooperate with AHCCCS  authorized representative in all collection efforts.    

15.16.11.1 
 The Contractor shall submit quarterly reports regarding cost avoidance/recovery activities, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The report shall be submitted in a format as specified in the AHCCCS Program Integrity
Reporting Guide.        

15.16.12.1 
 Upon termination of this contract, the Contractor will complete the existing third party liability cases or make any necessary arrangements to transfer the cases to AHCCCS  authorized TPL representative.

15.16.13.1 
 Eligibility for KidsCare and BCCTP benefits require that the applicant/member not be enrolled with any other creditable health insurance plan. If the Contractor becomes aware of any such coverage, the Contractor shall
notify AHCCCS immediately. AHCCCS will determine if the other insurance meets the creditable coverage definition in A.R.S.  36-2982(G).        
   Post-payment recovery is necessary in cases where
the Contractor has not established the probable existence of a liable third party at the time services were rendered or paid for, was unable to cost-avoid, or post-payment recovery is required. In these instances, the Contractor must adjudicate the
claim and  
      151  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
then utilize post-payment recovery processes which include: Pay and Chase, Retroactive Recoveries Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources, and other third party liability recoveries. Refer
to ACOM Policy 434 for further guidance.      
   Retroactive Recoveries Involving Commercial Insurance Payor
Sources:      

15.18.1 
 For a period of two years from the date of service, the Contractor shall engage in retroactive third party recovery efforts for claims paid to determine if there are commercial insurance payor sources that were not
known at the time of payment. In the event a commercial insurance payor source is identified, the Contractor must seek recovery from the commercial insurance. The Contractor is prohibited from recouping related payments from providers, requiring
providers to take action, or requiring the involvement of providers in any way.        

15.18.2 
 The Contractor has two years from the date of service to recover payments for a particular claim, or to identify claims having a reasonable expectation of recovery. A reasonable expectation of recovery is established
when the Contractor has affirmatively identified a commercial insurance payor source and has begun the process of recovering payment. If AHCCCS determines that a Contractor is tagging claims for recovery that do not meet these requirements, AHCCCS
may impose sanctions. After two years from the date of service, AHCCCS will direct recovery efforts for any claims not tagged by the Contractor.        

15.18.3 
 After 24 months from the date of service, AHCCCS will direct recovery efforts for retroactive recovery of claims not previously identified by the Contractor as having a reasonable expectation of recovery. Any recoveries
obtained by AHCCCS through its recovery efforts will be retained exclusively by AHCCCS and will not be shared with the Contractor.        

15.18.4 
 See ACOM Policy 434 for details regarding encounter adjustments as a result of retroactive recoveries and the processes for identifying claims that have a reasonable expectation of recovery.    
   
   In  total plan  cases, the Contractor is
responsible for performing all research, investigation, the mandatory filing of initial liens on cases that exceed $250, lien amendments, lien releases, and payment of other related costs in accordance with A.R.S.  36-2915 and A.R.S.
 36-2916. The Contractor shall use the AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery correspondence when filing liens and when corresponding to others in regard to casualty recovery. The Contractor may retain up to 100% of its recovery collections if all
of the following conditions exist:      

15.19.1 
 Total collections received do not exceed the total amount of the Contractor s financial liability for the member;        

15.19.2 
 There are no payments made by AHCCCS related to Fee-For-Service, reinsurance or administrative costs (i.e., lien filing, etc.); and,    

15.19.3 
 Such recovery is not prohibited by State or Federal law.      Prior to negotiating a settlement on
a total plan case, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS or AHCCCS  authorized TPL Contractor to ensure that there is no reinsurance or Fee-For-Service payment that has been made by AHCCCS. Failure to report these cases prior to negotiating a
settlement amount may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions.    The Contractor shall report settlement
information to AHCCCS, utilizing the AHCCCS-approved casualty recovery Settlement Notification Form, within 10 business days from the settlement date or in an AHCCCS-approved monthly file, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. Failure to report
these cases may result in one of the remedies specified in Contract Section on, Sanctions.      

15.19.4 
 Submit all deliverables related to Total Plan Case Requirements in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
      152  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.20.1 
 AHCCCS  authorized representative is responsible for performing research, investigation and payment of lien-related costs, subsequent to the referral of any and all relevant case information to AHCCCS 
authorized representative by the Contractor.        

15.20.2 
 In joint and mass tort cases, AHCCCS  authorized representative is also responsible for negotiating and acting in the best interest of all parties to obtain a reasonable settlement and may compromise a settlement
in order to maximize overall reimbursement, net of legal and other costs.        

15.20.3 
 The Contractor is responsible for responding to requests from AHCCCS or AHCCCS  TPL contractor to provide a list of claims related to the joint or mass tort case within 10 business days of the request.

15.20.4 
 The Contractor will be responsible for their prorated share of the contingency fee. The Contractor s share of the contingency fee will be deducted from the settlement proceeds prior to AHCCCS remitting the
settlement to the Contractor.        

15.21.1 
 Participate in Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) efforts as delineated by ACOM Policy 322 CYE 16 and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables in order to encourage quality improvement by aligning the incentives of the
Contractor and provider through value based purchasing arrangements. Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) is a cornerstone of AHCCCS  strategy to bend the upward trajectory of health care costs. AHCCCS is implementing initiatives to leverage the
managed care model toward value based health care systems where members  experience and population health are improved, per-capita health care cost is limited to the rate of general inflation through aligned incentives with managed care
organization and provider partners, and there is a commitment to continuous quality improvement and learning. The Contractor shall participate in payment VBP efforts.    

15.21.2 
   VBP Differential Adjusted Payments  : AHCCCS has introduced multiple VBP Differential Adjusted Fee Schedules to distinguish providers who have committed to supporting designated actions that improve
patients  care experience, improve members  health, and reduce cost of care growth. The Contractor shall adjust payments for specific providers and provider types as described below:    

15.21.2.1 
  Nursing Facility : For CYE17, for qualified AHCCCS-registered Arizona Nursing Facility providers meeting criteria as set forth below, the Contractor is required to pass through an additional 1.0% increase in
payments above the rates that the Contractor would otherwise pay, inclusive of any AHCCCS fee for service rate changes adopted by the Contractor, to the qualified provider.    

15.21.2.1.1 
  Criteria : Nursing Facilities that meet or exceed the Medicare Nursing Home Compare Arizona Average for the pneumococcal vaccine measure qualify for the VBP Differential Adjusted Payment increase.

15.21.2.1.1.1 
 The pneumococcal vaccine measure is the percent of long-stay residents assessed and appropriately given the vaccine.        

15.21.2.1.1.2 
 The facility s results on Medicare Nursing Home Compare for this quality measure will be compared to the accompanying Arizona Average results for the measure, for the most recently published rate as of June 1,
2016.    
      153  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

15.21.2.2 
  Hospital : For CYE17, for both inpatient and outpatient services for qualified AHCCCS-registered Arizona Hospital providers (provider type 02) meeting criteria as set forth below, the Contractor is required to
pass through an additional 0.5% increase in payments above the rates that the Contractor would otherwise pay, inclusive of any AHCCCS fee for service rate changes adopted by the Contractor, to the qualified provider.    

15.21.2.3 
  Integrated Clinic : For CYE17, for qualified AHCCCS-registered Integrated Clinics (ICs) meeting criteria as set forth below, the Contractor is required to pass through an additional 10% increase in payments above
the rates that the Contractor would otherwise pay for select physical health services, inclusive of any AHCCCS fee for service rate changes adopted by the Contractor, to the qualified provider.    

15.21.2.3.1 
  Criteria:  Providers registered with AHCCCS as Integrated Clinics and licensed by the Arizona Department of Health Services as Outpatient Treatment Center which provide both behavioral health services and physical
health services.        

15.21.2.3.1.1 
 The provider qualifies at any time during CYE17 for those dates of service in CYE17 that coincide with the provider s registration as an IC.    

15.21.2.3.1.2 
 Physical health services which qualify for the increase include Evaluation and Management (E M) codes, vaccine administration codes, and a global obstetric code.    

15.21.3.1 
   E-Prescribing is an effective tool to improve members  health outcomes and reduce costs. Benefits afforded
by the electronic transmission of prescription-related information include, but are not     
      154  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

limited to: reduced medication errors, reductions of drug and allergy interactions and therapeutic duplication, and increased prescription accuracy, in accordance with ACOM Policy 321.

15.21.3.2 
 The NCPDP Prescription Origin Code and Fill Number (Original or Refill Dispensing) must be submitted on all pharmacy encounter records, as outlined in the AHCCCS NCPDP Post Adjudicated History Transaction Companion
Guide, in order for AHCCCS to measure the Contractor s success.       

15.21.4 
  Value-Based Providers : The Contractor shall develop strategies that ensure that members are directed to providers who participate in VBP initiatives and who offer value as determined by measureable outcomes. The
Contractor shall submit annually to AHCCCS, DHCM a Value Based Providers/Centers of Excellence Report as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, describing its strategies to direct members to valued providers. See below for report details.

15.21.5 
  Centers of Excellence : Centers of Excellence are facilities that are recognized as providing the highest levels of leadership, quality, and service. Centers of Excellence align physicians and other providers to
achieve higher value through greater focus on appropriateness of care, clinical excellence, and patient satisfaction. Identification of a Center of Excellence should be based on criteria such as procedure volumes, clinical outcomes, and treatment
planning and coordination. Identification of appropriate conditions and/or procedures most suitable to a relationship with a Center of Excellence should be based on analysis of the Contactor s data which demonstrates a high degree of variance
in cost and/or outcomes. To encourage Contractor activity which incentivizes utilization of the best value providers for select, evidenced based, high volume procedures or conditions, the Contractor shall submit a Value Based Providers/Centers of
Excellence Report annually to AHCCCS, DHCM, as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The report shall incorporate the CYE 17 implementation of one to two contracts with either the Centers of Excellence identified in the CYE 16 Executive Summary
and/or other existing Centers of Excellence based on the criteria above. The Contractor shall identify the Centers of Excellence under contract in CYE 17 and, if different from those identified in the CYE 16 Executive Summary, shall include a
description as to how these Centers were selected.        
   The Value Based Providers/Centers of
Excellence Report shall outline the Contractor s process to develop, maintain and monitor activities for both high value providers and Centers of Excellence and include at a minimum:  

Thorough description of the Contractor s initiatives to encourage member utilization;        

Goals and outcome measures for the contract year;        

Description of monitoring activities to occur throughout the year;        

Evaluation of the effectiveness of the previous year s initiatives;        

Summary of lessons learned and any implemented changes;        

Description of the most significant barriers;        

Plans to encourage providers determined to offer high value but not participating in VBP arrangements, if any, to participate in VBP contracts; and    

Plan for next contract year.    
      155  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

15.22.1 
 Comply with any limitations imposed by AHCCCS on the Contractor s Block Payment arrangements in subcontracts for certain types of providers. See the AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors.

16  
  PROVIDER AGREEMENT REIMBURSEMENT         

16.1  
  Physician Incentive Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

16.1.1 
 Comply with all applicable physician incentive requirements and conditions, defined in, 42 CFR 417.479. These regulations prohibit physician incentive plans that directly or indirectly make payments to a doctor or a
group as an inducement to limit or refuse medically necessary services to a member The reporting requirements under, 42 CFR 417.479 have been suspended. No reporting to CMS is required until the suspension is lifted.    

16.1.2 
 Disclose to AHCCCS the information on physician incentive plans listed in, 42 CFR 417.479 (h) (1) through 417.479 (i) upon request from AHCCCS or CMS and to AHCCCS members who request them. AHCCCS shall
also review the Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) deliverables required under Contract Section on, Compensation, and may request supplemental information from the Contractor in fulfillment of the requirements in, 42 CFR 417.479 (h) (1) through
417.479 (i).        

16.1.3 
 Not enter into contractual arrangements that place providers at substantial financial risk as defined in, 42 CFR 417.479 unless specifically approved in advance by the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management. In
order to obtain approval when the contractual arrangements meet the definition of substantial financial risk, the following must be submitted to the AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management 45 days prior to the implementation of the contract as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables, 42 CFR 438.6(g):        

16.1.3.3 
 A summary of the compensation arrangement that meets the substantial financial risk definition; and        

16.1.4 
 Any Contractor-selected and/or developed pay for performance initiative that meets the requirements of, 42 CFR 417.479 must be approved by AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management (DHCM) prior to implementation as
specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
 
      156  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

16.2  
  Nursing Facility Reimbursement       For SMI members receiving physical health care services,
the Contractor shall:      

16.2.1 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services.        

16.2.2 
 Provide medically necessary nursing facility services for a enrolled member with a pending ALTCS application who is currently residing in a nursing facility and is eligible for services provided under this contract. If
the member becomes ALTCS eligible and is enrolled with an ALTCS Contractor before the end of the maximum 90 days per contract year of nursing facility coverage, the Contractor is only responsible for nursing facility reimbursement during the time
the member is enrolled with the Contractor as shown in the PMMIS. Nursing facility services covered by another liable party (including Medicare) while the member is enrolled with the Contractor, shall be applied to the 90 day per contract year
limitation.        

16.2.3 
 The Contractor shall not deny nursing facility services when the member s eligibility, including prior period coverage, had not been posted at the time of admission. In such situations the Contractor shall impose
reasonable authorization requirements. There is no ALTCS enrollment, including prior period coverage that occurs concurrently with AHCCCS acute enrollment.        

16.2.4 
 Notify the Assistant Director of the Division of Member Services when a member has been residing in a nursing facility, alternative residential facility or receiving home and community based services for 45 days as
specified in the Scope of Work, under the heading  Nursing Facility . This will allow AHCCCS time to follow-up on the status of the ALTCS application and to consider potential Fee-For-Service coverage if the stay goes beyond the 90 day per
contract year maximum.        

16.2.5 
 For information on Value Based Purchasing Differential Adjusted Payments see the Finance Section on Value-Based Purchasing.        

17  
  INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND DATA EXCHANGE REQUIREMENTS         
   AHCCCS supports new and evolving technologies to create efficiencies; improve
the quality of care and which lead to better health care outcomes while containing costs. Examples of such technologies, supported, in part, by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) include the use of health
information technology in the electronic health records (EHRs), e-prescribing and a Health Information Exchange (HIE) infrastructure. Expanding technological capability is expected to reduce total spending on health care by diminishing the number of
inappropriate tests, duplicate procedures, paperwork and administrative overhead, which will result in fewer adverse events. The use of health information technology for health care service delivery and health care management is critical to the
effectiveness in the following areas:      

17.1.3 
 Prescribing practices, for example, poly-pharmacy;        

157  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

In addition, in the event of a system change or upgrade, as specified in
Exhibit-9 Deliverables, the Contractor may also be required to initiate an independent audit of the Claim Payment/Health Information System. The Division of Health Care Management will approve the scope of this audit, and may include areas such as a
verification of eligibility and enrollment information loading, contract information management (contract loading and auditing), claims processing and encounter submission processes, and will require a copy of the final audit findings.  

17.2.1 
 The Contractor is required to exchange data with AHCCCS relating to the information requirements of this contract and as required to support the data elements to be provided to AHCCCS. All data exchanged must be in the
formats prescribed by AHCCCS, which include those required/covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Details for the formats may be found in the HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, Trading Partner Agreements, the
AHCCCS Encounter Manual, and in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines, available on the AHCCCS website.        

17.2.2 
 The information exchanged with AHCCCS shall be in accordance with all procedures, policies, rules, or statutes in effect during the term of this contract. If any of these procedures, policies, rules, regulations or
statutes are hereinafter changed, both parties agree to conform to these changes following notification by AHCCCS.        

17.2.3 
  Electronic Transactions:  The Contractor is required to accept and generate all required HIPAA compliant electronic transactions from or to any provider or their assigned representative interested in and capable
of electronic submission of eligibility verifications, claims, claims status verifications or prior authorization requests; or the receipt of electronic remittance. The Contractor must be able to make claims payments via electronic funds transfer
and have the capability to accept electronic claims attachments.        

17.2.4 
  Contractor Data Exchange:  Before a Contractor may exchange data with AHCCCS, certain agreements, authorizations and control documents are required. The Contractor must have completed and submitted the EDI Trading
Partner Agreement in order to exchange data with AHCCCS.    
      158  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.2.5 
 Each Contractor is assigned a Transmission Submitter Number (TSN) for encounter submissions. The Contractor may elect to obtain additional TSNs based upon processing or tracking needs.    

17.2.6 
  Contractor Responsibilities:  The Contractor is responsible for any incorrect data, delayed submission or payment (to the Contractor or its subcontractors), and/or penalty applied due to any error, omission,
deletion, or incorrect data submitted by the Contractor. Any data that does not meet the standards required by AHCCCS shall not be accepted by AHCCCS.        

17.2.7 
 The Contractor shall be provided with a Contractor-specific security code for use in all data transmissions made in accordance with contract requirements. Each data transmission by the Contractor shall include the
Contractor s security code. The Contractor agrees that by use of its security code, it certifies that any data transmitted is accurate and truthful, to the best of the Contractor s Division Director/CEO, Chief Financial Officer or
designee s knowledge, 42 CFR 438.606.        

17.2.8 
 The Contractor is required to provide an attestation that any data transmitted is accurate and truthful, to the best of the Contractor s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or designee s
knowledge, 42 CFR 438.606 as outlined by AHCCCS and in accordance with  Exhibit-9,  Deliverables.        

17.2.9 
 The costs of software changes are included in administrative costs paid to the Contractor. There is no separate payment for software changes.    

17.2.10 
 The Contractor is also responsible for identifying any inconsistencies immediately upon receipt of data from AHCCCS. If any unreported inconsistencies are subsequently discovered, the Contractor shall be responsible for
the necessary adjustments to correct its records at its own expense.        

17.2.11 
  Member Data:  The Contractor shall accept from AHCCCS original evidence of eligibility and enrollment in the AHCCCS prescribed electronic data exchange formats. Upon request, the Contractor shall provide to AHCCCS
PCP assignments in an AHCCCS prescribed electronic data exchange format.        

17.2.12 
 The Contractor shall provide to AHCCCS updated date-sensitive Behavioral Health Category assignments in a form appropriate for electronic data exchange.    

17.2.13 
  Claims Data:  This system must be capable of collecting, storing and producing information for the purposes of financial, medical and operational management.    

17.2.14 
 The Contractor shall develop and maintain a HIPAA compliant claims processing and payment system capable of processing, cost avoiding and paying claims in accordance with A.R.S.   36-2903 and 2904 and AHCCCS
rules A.A.C. R9-22 Article 7. The system must be adaptable to updates in order to support future AHCCCS claims related policy requirements on a timely basis as needed.    

17.2.15 
 On a recurring basis (no less than quarterly based on adjudication date), AHCCCS shall provide the Contractor an electronic file of claims and encounter data for members enrolled with the Contractor who have received
services, during the member s enrollment period, from another contractor or through AHCCCS FFS for purposes of member care coordination. Data sharing will comply with Federal privacy regulations.    

17.2.16 
 In addition, the Contractor shall implement and meet the following milestones in order to make claims processing and payment more efficient and timely:    

17.2.16.1 
 Receive 60% of each claim type (professional, institutional and dental) based on volume of actual claims excluding claims processed by Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) electronically.    
      159  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.2.17 
  System Changes and Upgrades:  The costs of software changes are included in administrative costs paid to the Contractor. There is no separate payment for software changes. A PMMIS systems contact will be assigned
after contract award. AHCCCS will work with the Contractor as they evaluate Electronic Data Interchange options.        

17.2.18 
 The Contractor will ensure that changing or making major upgrades to the information systems affecting claims processing, payment or any other major business component, will be accompanied by a plan which includes a
timeline, milestones, and outlines adequate testing to be completed before implementation. The Contractor shall notify and provide the system change plan to AHCCCS for review and comment as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

17.2.19 
  Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA):  The Contractor shall comply with the Administrative Simplification requirements of 45 CFR Parts 160 and 162 that are applicable to the operations of
the Contractor by the dates required by the implementing Federal regulations as well as all subsequent requirements and regulations as published.        

17.2.20 
  Data Security:  The Contractor and its subcontractors (delegated agreements with managed care organizations and RBHAs) are required to have a security audit performed by an independent third party on an annual
basis. The annual audit report must be submitted to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

17.2.21 
 The audit must include, at a minimum, a review of Contractor compliance with all security requirements as outlined in the AHCCCS Security Rule Compliance Summary Checklist, as specified in ACOM Policy 108. In addition,
the audit must include a review of Contractor policies and procedures to verify that appropriate security requirements have been adequately incorporated into the Contractor s business practices, and the production processing systems.

17.2.22 
 The audit must result in a findings report and as necessary a corrective action plan, detailing all issues and discrepancies between the security requirements and the Contractor s policies, practices and systems.
The corrective action plan must also include timelines for corrective actions related to all issues or discrepancies identified. The annual report must include the findings and corrective action plan and must be submitted to AHCCCS for review and
approval in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables. AHCCCS will verify that the required audit has been completed and the approved corrective action plan is in place and being followed as part of Operational Reviews.    

17.2.23 
 The Contractor shall establish and maintain an MIS that:        

17.2.23.1 
 At a minimum, collects and processes information on client demographics; service utilization; provider claim disputes and appeals; member grievances and appeals; and complies with AHCCCS  data processing and
interface requirements.        

17.2.23.2 
 Receive, accept, and integrate SMI Determinations for members from an AHCCCS contracted agency.    
      160  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.2.24 
   Health Information Exchange  : The Contractor is required to contract with Health Information Network of Arizona (HINAz) as a data user. To further the integration of technology based solutions and the
meaningful use of electronic health records within the system of care, AHCCCS will increase opportunities for providers and Contractors to utilize technological functions for processes that are necessary to meet Medicaid requirements. Expanding the
adoption may reduce total spending on health care by diminishing the number of inappropriate tests and procedures, reducing paperwork and administrative overhead, and decreasing the number of adverse events resulting from medical errors. The
Contractor will actively participate in offering information and providing provider support and education to further expand provider adoption and use of health information technology. It is AHCCCS  expectation that the Contractor review
operational processes to reduce provider hassle factors by implementing technological solutions for those providers utilizing electronic health records and to incentivize providers to implement and meaningfully use health information technology as a
standard of doing business with the AHCCCS program. AHCCCS also anticipates establishing minimum standards, goals and requirements related to operational areas where improved efficiencies or effectiveness could be achieved. AHCCCS anticipates
accelerating statewide Health Information Exchange (HIE) participation for all Medicaid providers and Contractors by:        

17.2.24.1 
 Supporting care coordination between physical and behavioral health providers.        

17.2.24.2 
 Launching an HIE onboarding program for high volume Medicaid hospitals, Federally Qualified Health Centers, Rural Health Clinics and Look-a-Likes.    

17.2.24.3 
 Supporting the acceleration of electronic prescribing by Arizona Medicaid providers.        

17.2.24.4 
 Joining the State level HIE for governance, policy making, and information technology service offerings.        

17.2.24.5 
 Supporting increased Contractor use of the Network (State HIE) to improve health outcomes.        

17.2.24.6 
 Identifying value-based purchasing opportunities that link with a providers adoption and use of Health IT.        

17.2.25 
 The Contractor is expected to encourage that eligible hospitals and eligible professionals continue to move through the Meaningful Use continuum, accelerate provider statewide HIE participation, and increase use and
support of the HIT/HIE. The Contractor is expected to collaborate with AHCCCS and Arizona Health-e Connection and The Network to target efforts to specific areas where HIT and HIE can bring significant change and progress including efforts focused
on:        

161  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.3.1 
 Complete, accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is crucial to the success of the AHCCCS program. AHCCCS uses encounter data to set Fee-For-Service and capitation rates, determine reconciliation amounts,
determine disproportionate share payments to hospitals, and to determine compliance with performance standards. The Contractor shall submit encounter data to AHCCCS for all services for which the Contractor incurred a financial liability and claims
for services eligible for processing by the Contractor where no financial liability was incurred including services provided during prior period coverage. This requirement is a condition of the CMS grant award, 42 CFR 438.242(b)(1),42 CFR 455.1
(a)(2).        

17.3.2 
 New Contractors must successfully exchange encounter data for all applicable form types with AHCCCS no later than 120 days after the start of the contract or be subject to possible corrective actions in accordance with
Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

17.3.3 
   Encounter Submissions  : Encounters must be submitted in the format prescribed by AHCCCS. Encounter data must be provided to AHCCCS as outlined in the HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, Trading Partner
Agreements and the AHCCCS Encounter Manual, including, but not limited to, inclusion of data to identify the physician who delivers services to patients per Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xi)) of the Social Security Act.    

17.3.4 
 Professional, Institutional and Dental Encounters not involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing should be received by AHCCCS no later than 240 days after the end of the month in which the service
was rendered, or the effective date of the enrollment with the Contractor, whichever date is later.        

17.3.5 
 Covered outpatient drugs dispensed to individuals eligible for medical assistance who are enrolled with the Contractor shall be subject to the same rebate requirements as the State is subject under Section 1927 of
the Social Security Act; the State shall collect such rebates from manufacturers. (Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii)) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006) To ensure AHCCCS compliance with this requirement, pharmacy related encounter data and
other encounters involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing must be provided to AHCCCS no later than 30 days after the end of the quarter in which the pharmaceutical item was dispensed. The Contractor must report information on
the total number of units of each dosage form and strength and package size by National Drug Code of each covered outpatient drug dispensed (other than covered outpatient drugs that under subsection (j)(1) of Section 1927 of the Social Security
Act [42 USCS   1396r-8] are not subject to the requirements of that section) and such other data as required by AHCCCS (Section1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006).    
      162  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.3.6 
 The Contractor shall prepare, review, verify, certify, and submit, encounters for consideration to AHCCCS. Upon submission, the Contractor must provide attestation that the services listed were actually rendered.

17.3.7 
 The Contractor may be assessed sanctions for noncompliance with encounter submission completeness, accuracy and timeliness requirements.    

17.3.8 
   Encounter Reporting  : The Contractor must produce reports for the purposes of tracking, trending, reporting process improvement and monitoring submissions and revisions of encounters. The Contractor will
submit these reports to AHCCCS as required per the AHCCCS Encounter Manual or as directed by AHCCCS and as further specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

17.3.9 
 On a monthly basis AHCCCS will produce encounter reconciliation files containing the prior 18 months of approved, voided, plan-denied, pended and AHCCCS-denied encounters received and processed by AHCCCS.

17.3.10 
 These files must be utilized to compare the encounter financial data reported with plan claims data, and to compare submitted encounters to processed claims to validate completeness of encounter submissions.

17.3.11 
   Encounter Supporting Data Files  : AHCCCS provides the Contractor with periodic (no less than twice monthly) full replacement files containing provider and medical coding information as stored in PMMIS.
These files should be used by the Contractor to ensure accurate Encounter Reporting. Refer to the AHCCCS Encounter Manual for further information regarding the content and layouts of these files.         

17.3.12 
   Encounter Corrections  : The Contractor is required to monitor and resolve pended encounters and encounters denied by AHCCCS and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

17.3.13 
 The Contractor is further required to submit replacement or voided encounters in the event that claims are subsequently corrected following the initial encounter submission. This includes corrections as a result of
inaccuracies identified by fraud and abuse audits or investigations conducted by AHCCCS or the Contractor. The Contractor must void encounters for claims that are recouped in full. For recoupments that result in a reduced claim value or adjustments
that result in an increased claim value, replacement encounters must be submitted. Refer to the AHCCCS Encounter Manual for instructions regarding the submission of corrected, replaced or voided encounters.    

17.3.14 
   Encounter Performance Standards  : AHCCCS has established encounter performance standards as detailed in the AHCCCS Encounter Manual     .      All encounters including approved,
pended, denied and voided encounters, impact completeness, accuracy and timeliness rates. Rates below the established standards (pended encounters that have pended for more than 120 days for example), or poor encounter performance overall, may
result in Corrective Action Plans and/or sanctions.             

17.3.15 
   Encounter Validation Studies  : Per CMS requirements, AHCCCS will conduct encounter validation studies of the Contractor s encounter submissions. These studies may result in sanctions of the Contractor
and/or require a corrective action plan for noncompliance with related encounter submission requirements.             

17.3.16 
 The purpose of encounter validation studies is to compare recorded utilization information from a medical record or other source with the Contractor s submitted encounter data. Any and all covered services may be
validated as part of these studies. The criteria used in encounter validation studies may include timeliness, correctness and omission of encounters. Refer to the AHCCCS Data Validation Technical Document for further information.    

17.3.17 
 AHCCCS may revise study methodology, timelines and sanction amounts based on agency review or as a result of consultations with CMS. The Contractor will be notified in writing of any significant change in study
methodology.    
      163  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

17.4  
  Enrollment And Capitation Transaction Updates         

17.4.1 
 AHCCCS produces daily enrollment transaction updates identifying new members and changes to existing members  demographic, eligibility and enrollment data as outlined in the HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides,
Trading Partner Agreements, and the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines available on the AHCCCS website. These files shall be utilized by the Contractor to update its member records on a timely and consistent basis. The daily enrollment
transaction update, that is run immediately prior to the monthly enrollment and capitation transaction, is referred to as the  last daily  and will contain all rate code changes made for the prospective month, as well as any new
enrollments and disenrollments as of the first of the prospective month.        

17.4.2 
 On a monthly basis AHCCCS provides the Contractor with the Rate Code Summary electronic file as outlined in the AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines, available on the AHCCCS website, which summarizes the capitation
activity for the processing cycle.        

17.4.3 
 The enrollment and capitation transaction updates distributed monthly are generally produced two days before the end of every month. The update will identify the total active population for the Contractor as of the
first day of the next month. These updates contain the information used by AHCCCS to produce the monthly capitation payment for the next month. The Contractor must reconcile the member files (including the member s Medicare status, TPL
information, etc.) with the AHCCCS monthly update. After reconciling the monthly update information, the Contractor will work to resolve any discrepancies and record the results of the reconciliation. Results of the reconciliation will be made
available to AHCCCS upon request. After completion of the reconciliation the Contractor will resume posting daily updates beginning with the last two days of the month. The last two daily updates are different from the regular daily updates in that
they pay and/or recoup capitation for the next month. If the Contractor detects an error through the monthly update process, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS, Information Services Division.    

17.5.1 
 Submit claims and encounters to AHCCCS as outlined in the AHCCCS HIPAA Transaction Companion Guides, Trading Partner Agreements, and the AHCCCS Encounter Manual, including, but not limited to, inclusion of data to
identify the physician who delivers services to patients per Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xi)) of the Social Security Act. xxx     

17.5.2 
   Covered outpatient drugs dispensed to individuals eligible for medical assistance who are enrolled with the
Contractor shall be subject to the same rebate requirements as the State is subject under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act; the State shall collect such rebates from manufacturers. (Section 1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act
and SMD letter 10-006) To ensure AHCCCS compliance with this requirement, Pharmacy related encounter data and other encounters involving services eligible for Federal Drug Rebate processing must be provided to AHCCCS no later than 30 days after the
end of the     
      164  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

quarter in which the pharmaceutical item was dispensed. The Contractor must report information on the total number of units of each dosage form and strength and package size by National Drug
Code of each covered outpatient drug dispensed (other than covered outpatient drugs that under subsection (j)(1) of Section 1927 of the Social Security Act [42 USCS   1396r-8] are not subject to the requirements of that section) and such
other data as required by AHCCCS (Section1903(m)(2)(A)(xiii) of the Social Security Act and SMD letter 10-006).  xxxi     

17.6  
  General Claims Processing Requirements         

17.6.1 
 In accordance with the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, Section 6085, SMD letter 06-010, and Section 1932 (b)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act, the Contractor is required to reimburse non-contracted emergency
services providers at the AHCCCS Fee-For-Service rate. This applies to in State as well as out of State providers. xxxii     
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.7.1 
 Submit to AHCCCS a monthly Claims Dashboard in conformance with the AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

17.8.1 
 Submit behavioral health member demographic data to AHCCCS in the CCD format as specified in the AHCCCS CIS File Layout and Specifications Manual according to the submission timelines in the AHCCCS Technical Interface
Guidelines and the Demographic and Outcome Data Set User Guide.        

17.8.2 
 Include an attestation with each demographic data submission.        

18  
  ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS         
   The Contractor shall:  

18.1.1 
 Develop and maintain written policies and procedures for each functional area consistent in format and style.        

18.1.2 
 Maintain written guidelines for developing, reviewing and approving all policies and procedures.        

18.1.3 
 Have effective procedures in place for the periodic updating and revision of the policies to include the prompt and accurate communication of these revisions to subcontractors and documentation of the location in the
policies of content required under this contract, which shall be submitted to AHCCCS upon request.    
      165  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.1.4 
 Have all policies dated and signed by the Contractor s appropriate manager, coordinator, director or administrator. Minutes reflecting the review and approval of the policies by an appropriate committee are also
acceptable documentation.        

18.1.5 
 Have the Medical Director or the Medical Director s designee identify medical policy requirements, and ensure annual review of the Contractor s medical policies. All medical and quality management policies
must be approved and signed by the Contractor s Medical Director.        

18.1.6 
 Be subject to corrective action, sanctions or hiring of additional staff if Contractor is noncompliant with the requirements of this Contract.    

18.1.7 
 Allocate sufficient resources to comply with all Contract requirements.        

18.1.8 
 The parties to this contract shall be bound by all terms and conditions contained herein. For interpreting such terms and conditions the following sources shall have precedence in descending order: The Constitution and
laws of the United States and applicable Federal regulations; the terms of the CMS 1115 waiver for the State of Arizona; the Constitution and laws of Arizona, and applicable State Rules; the terms of this contract which consists of the RFP, the
proposal of the successful Offeror, and any Best and Final Offer including any attachments, executed amendments and modifications; and AHCCCS policies and procedures.    

18.1.9 
 Be aware that AHCCCS may, at its discretion, communicate directly with the governing body or Parent Corporation of the Contractor regarding the performance of a subcontractor or Contractor respectively.

18.2  
  AHCCCS Guidelines, Policies and Manuals       All AHCCCS guidelines, policies and manuals,
including but not limited to, ACOM, AMPM, Reporting Guides, and Manuals are hereby incorporated by reference into this contract. Guidelines, policies and manuals are available on the AHCCCS website. The Contractor is responsible for ensuring that
its subcontractors are notified when modifications are made to the AHCCCS guidelines, policies, and manuals. The Contractor is responsible for complying with all requirements set forth in these sources as well as with any updates. In addition,
linkages to AHCCCS rules, statutes and other resources are available through the AHCCCS website. Upon adoption by AHCCCS, updates will be available on the AHCCCS website.      
   The Contractor shall:  

18.3.1 
 Operate as a single entity responsible for ensuring the delivery of medically necessary covered services for members.        

18.3.2 
 Provide all major administrative functions of a managed care health plan including but not limited to:        

166  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.3.3 
 Not delegate or subcontract key functions of health plan operations that are critical to the integration of behavioral and physical health care for members as set forth in Contract Section on, Management Services
Agreements, unless one entity under subcontract provides all of the delegated functions for both the Medicaid, which includes physical and behavioral health, and Medicare lines of business.    

18.3.4 
 Have organizational, management, staffing and administrative systems capable of meeting all Contract requirements with clearly defined lines of responsibility, authority, communication and coordination within, between
and among Contractor s departments, units or functional areas of operation.        

18.3.5 
 Develop and maintain written policies, procedures and job descriptions in a consistent format and style for each of the Contractor s functional areas including policies and procedures that instruct staff to comply
with all federal and state requirements, including federal and state laws that govern member rights, 42 CFR 438.100(a)(1).        

18.3.6 
 Maintain written guidelines for developing, reviewing and approving all policies, procedures and job descriptions for each of the Contractor s functional areas including guidelines for a bi-annual review of all job
descriptions to align job duties actually performed by the staff with written requirements.        

18.3.7 
 Require all staff, whether employed or under contract, to have the training, education, experience, orientation, and credentialing, as applicable, to perform assigned job duties.    

18.3.8 
 Provide initial and ongoing staff training that includes an overview of AHCCCS Policy and Procedure Manuals, and contract requirements and State and Federal requirements specific to individual job functions.

18.3.9 
 For Key Staff, Organizational Staff, and Liaison or Coordinator positions, in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables, notify AHCCCS:    

18.3.9.1 
 Within seven days of learning of resignation or termination of staff;        

18.3.10.3 
 The name, contact information and qualifications of the interim staff responsible for meeting the contractual responsibilities of the position.    

18.3.11 
 Submit the name, contact information and resume of the permanent staff to AHCCCS when hired along with a revised organizational chart.    

18.3.12 
 Obtain approval from AHCCCS prior to moving any managed care functions outside of the State of Arizona.    
      167  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.3.13 
 Submit the request for approval to AHCCCS at least 60 days prior to the proposed change and include a description of the processes in place that assure Contract compliance.    

18.3.14 
 Maintain a significant and sufficient local presence within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona and a positive public image in Arizona.    

18.3.15 
 Participate in face-to-face meetings with AHCCCS at least quarterly for purposes of assessing Contractor compliance and provide appropriate staff for attendance and participation in meetings and events scheduled by
AHCCCS. Contractor s attendance at all meetings and events scheduled by AHCCCS is mandatory unless otherwise indicated.        

18.3.16 
 Maintain an organization chart complete with the Key Staff positions. The chart must include the person s name, title, location and portion of time allocated to each Medicaid contract and other lines of business.

18.3.17 
 A functional organization chart of the key program areas, responsibilities and reporting lines.        

18.3.18 
 A crosswalk of Contractor Key Staff members and required staff positions.        

18.3.19.6 
 Documentation confirming applicable Key Staff functions are filled by individuals which are in good standing (for example, a printout from the Arizona Medical Board webpage showing the CMO s active license), and

18.3.19.7 
 A list of all Key Staff functions and their locations; and a list of any functions that have moved outside of the State of Arizona in the past contract year.    

18.3.20 
 Have local staff available and on-call 24 hours per day, seven days per week to work with AHCCCS to address urgent issue resolutions, emergency care, cases of an immediate jeopardy, fires or other public emergency
situations.        

18.3.21 
 Provide the available on-call staff with access to necessary information to identify:        

168  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.3.22 
 Provide AHCCCS with the contact information for available on call staff including a telephone number or other means of contact.        

18.4  
  Peer Involvement and Participation       The Contractor shall:  

18.4.1 
 Require subcontractors and providers to include, to the extent possible, the participation of at least one peer or family member during the interview process when hiring for all direct service staff positions.

18.4.2 
 Develop a process for members to have regular and ongoing input to assist in decision making, development, and enhancement of customer service at each provider site where case management services are delivered.

18.4.3 
 Develop a written description of the process for members to have regular and ongoing input in order to ensure that the community members have real decision making capacity and each committee has at least two community
members.        

18.4.4.1 
 A requirement that the members attend regular meetings with clinical leadership and be authorized to make recommendations.        

18.4.5 
 Submit a Roster of Peer and Family Committee Members as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        

18.4.6 
 Develop a Community Resource Guide that is updated quarterly and contains community resource information applicable to the population in the assigned geographical service area and is provided in hard copy when requested
by providers. The Community Resource Guide shall be provided on the Contractor s website as described in ACOM Policy 416 and ACOM Policy 404 and submitted to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables .     
   
   The Contractor shall have the following Key Staff to work full-time to
fulfill the responsibilities of the position in a location within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona which are dedicated to meeting the requirements of this Contract:  

18.5.1 
 Administrator/Chief Executive Officer (CEO/COO):        

18.5.1.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.1.2 
 Oversees the entire operation of the Contractor, and has the authority to direct and prioritize work, regardless of where performed. Has experience in the managed health care industry.    
      169  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.5.2.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.2.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed Certified Public Accountant or holds a post graduate degree in business or finance, or has equivalent experience;    

18.5.2.3 
 Is responsible to implement, oversee and manage the budget, accounting systems and financial reporting implemented by the Contractor.    

18.5.3.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.3.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed physician, in good standing, board-certified in psychiatry;        

18.5.3.3 
 Attends AHCCCS  Medical Director meetings as scheduled;        

18.5.3.4 
 Develops, implements, interprets and approves clinical-medical policies and procedures;        

18.5.3.6 
 Reviews and make recommendations regarding physician and other prescribing clinician credentialing and reappointment applications;        

18.5.3.7 
 Oversees Provider profile design and interpretation;        

18.5.3.8 
 Is responsible for, actively involved in and oversees the following:        

18.5.3.8.1 
 Administration of all Medical Management and Quality Management components of the program;        

18.5.3.8.2 
 Continuous assessment and improvement of the quality of care provided to members;        

18.5.3.8.4 
 Oversight of provider education, in-service training and orientation;        

18.5.3.8.5 
 Serves as the chairperson of the QM, MM, and Peer Review Committees with oversight of other medical/clinical committees;        

18.5.3.8.6 
 Devotes sufficient time to ensure timely clinical decisions, including after-hours consultation as needed.        

18.5.4.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.4.2 
 Is an Arizona licensed physician, in good standing, board certified in a medical specialty;    
      170  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.5.4.3 
 Is responsible for non-psychiatric, clinical medical programs;        

18.5.4.4 
 Attends AHCCCS  Medical Director meetings as scheduled; and        

18.5.4.5 
 Reports to the CMO and performs duties as directed by the CMO.        

18.5.5.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.5.5.3 
 Is located on-site and is available to all staff, with designated and recognized authority to access provider records and make independent referrals to the AHCCCS Office of Inspector General (OIG) or other duly
authorized enforcement agencies;        

18.5.5.4 
 Is responsible for oversight, administration and implementation of the Contractor s Corporate Compliance Program.        

18.5.6.2 
 Arizona licensed general or pediatric dentist in good standing located in Arizona;        

18.5.6.3 
 Reviews or denies dental services, provider consultation, utilization review,        

18.5.6.4 
 Participation in tracking and trending of quality of care issues as related to dental services.        

18.5.7.3 
 Oversees and administers the prescription drug and pharmacy benefits;        

18.5.7.4 
 The Pharmacy Coordinator/Director may be an employee or Contractor of the Plan.        

18.5.8 
 Credentialing Coordinator who is located in Arizona and who has appropriate education and/or experience to effectively complete all requirements of the position.    

18.5.9 
 The primary functions of the Credentialing Coordinator are:        

18.5.9.1 
 Serve as the single point of contact to AHCCCS for credentialing-related questions and concerns;        

18.5.9.2 
 Responsible for timely and accurate completion of all credentialing-related deliverables;    
      171  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.5.9.3 
 Ensure all credentialing requirements, including timeframes, are adhered to by the Contractor;        

18.5.9.4 
 Provide a detailed, transparent description of the credentialing process to providers and serve as the single point of contact for the Contractor to address provider questions about the credentialing process.

18.5.10 
 Children Services Liaison, who is located in Arizona and who serves as the primary point-of-contact who is available to, and works collaboratively with, out-of-home placement and adoptive parents to coordinate needed
crisis services and address barriers to services.        

18.5.10.1 
 The primary functions of the Children Services Liaison include; to accept and respond to inquiries from out-of-home placements, adoptive parents, or providers, and address concerns related to the delivery of and access
to behavioral health services for children in out-of-home placements or with adoptive parents.       
   The Contractor shall have the following Organizational Staff, one
person, per position, full-time, residing in or near the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona which are dedicated to meeting the requirements of this Contract:      

18.6.1 
 Integrated Health Care Development Officer:        

18.6.1.1 
 Is an individual with experience in behavioral and physical health care systems including familiarity with Medicaid and Medicare systems;    

18.6.1.2 
 Is responsible for coordinating and overseeing activities of Contractor s Integrated Health Care Office including the Integrated Health Care Plan; and    

18.6.1.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.2.2 
 Is responsible for clinical program development and oversight of service delivery;        

18.6.2.3 
 Acts as the single point of contact for coordination of care with system stakeholders including; ADES/DDD, DCS/CMDP, and other state agencies when necessary; and    

18.6.2.4 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.3.1 
 Is an Arizona-licensed physician, board-certified in child/adolescent psychiatry, or board certified in general psychiatry;    
      172  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.3.2 
 Is responsible for clinical-medical programs for children and adolescents and QM and UM/MM programs for children and adolescents; and    

18.6.3.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.4.2 
 Collaborates with child welfare, juvenile corrections, juvenile detention systems, and other child-serving agencies;        

18.6.4.3 
 Is responsible to oversee the children s service delivery system consistent with the Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery as outlined in AMPM Policy 430; and    

18.6.4.4 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona.        

18.6.5.1 
 Is responsible for implementing Contractor s Cultural Competency Program, the Cultural Competency Plan;        

18.6.5.2 
 Oversight of all provisions in Contract Section on, Cultural Competency; and        

18.6.5.3 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.6 
 Training and Workforce Development Administrator:        

18.6.6.1 
 Is responsible for developing and implementing training programs;        

18.6.7.1 
 Is located in Arizona and is an Arizona-licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant or a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ) by the National Association for Health Care Quality
(NAHQ) and/or Certified in Health Care Quality and Management (CHCQM) by the American Board of Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Providers;        

18.6.7.2 
 Experience in quality management and quality improvement. Sufficient local staffing to meet the AHCCCS quality management contractual and policy requirements must also be in place. Staff must report directly to the
Quality Management Administrator;    
      173  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.7.3 
 Develops, implements, manages and oversees Contractor s QM plan in collaboration with the CMO and the Performance/Quality Improvement Coordinator; and    

18.6.7.4.4 
 Conducts care needed today/immediate jeopardy investigations;        

18.6.7.4.7 
 Resolves, evaluates, tracks and trends quality of care grievances/concerns; and        

18.6.7.5 
 In addition, the Contractor must have sufficient, experienced quality management staff, who are licensed clinical or behavioral health professionals to meet the requirements of the quality management program.

18.6.8 
 Performance Quality Improvement Coordinator:        

18.6.8.1 
 Is located in Arizona and is a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ)/ (CHCQM) or has comparable education and experience in health plan data and outcomes measurement Any staff under this position must be
sufficient to meet the AHCCCS quality Improvement contractual and policy requirements. The primary functions of the Performance Quality Improvement Coordinator are:    

18.6.8.1.1 
 Is responsible for focusing organizational efforts on improving clinical quality performance measures;        

18.6.8.1.3 
 Utilizes data to develop intervention strategies to improve outcomes; and        

18.6.9.1 
 Who is located in Arizona, with appropriate clinical and behavioral credentials and ensures timely, comprehensive quality of care investigative processes including but not limited to onsite quality investigations.
   
      174  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.10.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.10.2 
 Is an Arizona-licensed registered nurse, physician or physician s assistant if required to make medical necessity determinations, or has a Master s degree in health services, health care administration, or
business administration if not required to make medical necessity determinations;        

18.6.10.3 
 Manages all required medical management requirements under AHCCCS policies, rules, and contract;        

18.6.10.4 
 Maintains sufficient local staffing to meet medical management requirements;        

18.6.10.5.1 
 Ensures adoption and consistent application of appropriate inpatient and outpatient medical necessity criteria,        

18.6.10.5.2 
 Ensures appropriate concurrent review and discharge planning of inpatient stays is conducted,        

18.6.10.5.3 
 Develop, implement and monitor the provision of care coordination, disease management and care management functions,        

18.6.10.5.4 
 Monitors, analyzes and implements appropriate interventions based on utilization data, including identifying and correcting over or under utilization of services,    

18.6.10.5.5 
 Monitors prior authorization functions and assures that decisions are made in a consistent manner based on clinical criteria and meet timeliness standards;    

18.6.11.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.11.2 
 Manages and oversees systems for entry point access to the health care delivery system; and        

18.6.11.3.1 
 Triage of all inquiries including information inquiries, service requests, crisis phone calls, complaints, grievances, appeals and quality of care issues, and    

18.6.11.3.2 
 Compliance with standards for resolution, telephone abandonment rates and telephone hold times.        

18.6.12.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;    
      175  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.12.2 
 Manages and oversees network development, network sufficiency and network reporting functions;        

18.6.12.3 
 Is responsible for network provider adequacy and appointment access;        

18.6.13.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.13.3 
 Manages and oversees vocational rehabilitation and employment support programs; vocational, employment; and business development services.    

18.6.14.1 
 Who is responsible for information system management including coordination of the technical aspects of application infrastructure, server and storage needs, reliability and survivability of all data and data exchange
elements.        

18.6.15 
 Information Systems Staff to ensure timely and accurate information system management to meet system and data exchange requirements. Claims/Encounters Administrator:    

18.6.15.1 
 Manages, oversees and is responsible for all components and processes related to submitting timely and accurate claims and encounters; and assists with the prompt resolution of provider complaints and inquiries;

18.6.15.2 
 Facilitates the exchange of information between grievance, claims processing, and provider relations systems and providers; and        

18.6.15.3.1 
 Educates staff and providers on claims submission requirements, coding updates, electronic claims transactions and electronic fund transfer; and available Contractor resources such as provider manuals, web site and fee
schedules,        

18.6.15.3.2 
 Interfaces with the Contractor s call center to compile, analyze, and disseminate information from provider calls,    
      176  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.15.3.3 
 Identifies trends and guides the development and implementation of strategies to improve provider satisfaction, and        

18.6.15.3.4 
 Communicates (e.g. telephonic and on site) with providers to assure the effective exchange of information and gain feedback regarding the extent to which providers are informed about appropriate claims submission
practices.        

18.6.15.4 
 Develop and implement claims processing systems capable of paying claims in accordance with State and Federal requirements;        

18.6.15.7 
 Claims Processing staff to ensure the timely and accurate processing of original claims, resubmissions and overall adjudication of claims see ACOM Policy 203.    

18.6.16.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.16.2 
 Is a licensed attorney or has a juris doctor degree from an accredited institution;        

18.6.16.3 
 Manages, oversees, implements, administers and adjudicates member grievances and appeals, and provider claim disputes, arising under the Grievance and Appeal System and for forwarding all member appeal requests for
hearing to AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS) with the requested information. The Grievance and Appeal System Administrator and any staff under this position who manage and adjudicate disputes and appeals must be located in
Arizona.        

18.6.16.4 
 Is prohibited from acting as or under the supervision of Contractor s in-house legal counsel, retained legal counsel, corporate counsel or risk management attorney.    

18.6.17.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.17.2 
 Serves as the primary point-of-contact for all Contractor operational issues;        

18.6.17.3 
 Manages and oversees overall compliance with Contract requirements;        

18.6.17.5 
 Serves as the primary point-of-contact for all Contractor operational issues;    
      177  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.17.7 
 Coordinates the execution of Contract requirements and related compliance actions, including AHCCCS Operational and Financial Reviews, random and periodic audits, corrective actions and ad hoc visits.    

18.6.18.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.18.2 
 Builds partnerships with individuals, families, youth, and key stakeholders to promote recovery, resiliency and wellness;        

18.6.18.3 
 Establishes structure and mechanisms to increase the member and family voice in areas of leadership, service delivery and Contractor decision-making committees and boards;    

18.6.18.4 
 Advocates for service environments that are supportive, welcoming and recovery oriented by implementing Trauma Informed Care (TIC) service delivery approaches and other initiatives;    

18.6.18.5 
 Communicates and collaborates with members and families to identify concerns and remove barriers that affect service delivery or member satisfaction;    

18.6.18.6 
 Promotes the development and use of member and family support programs; and        

18.6.18.7 
 Collaborates with AHCCCS  Office of Individual and Family Affairs.        

18.6.19.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.19.2 
 Responds to media inquiries and is responsible for public relations, Health Promotion and outreach activities;        

18.6.19.4 
 Coordinates and oversees the distribution of information including the member handbook, provider handbook, brochures, newsletters and information on Contractor s web site; and    

18.6.20.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.20.4 
 Promotes services and programs to improve the health of American Indian members including coordination of care;    
      178  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.6.20.5 
 Acts as the single point of contact regarding delivery of services to American Indians;        

18.6.20.6 
 Meet regularly with AHCCCS  Tribal Liaison, AHCCCS Division of Health Care Management representative and American Indian Health Care program coordinator to discuss tribal care coordination;    

18.6.20.7 
 Assists in the planning and provides support to statewide American Indian Behavioral Health Forum(s) concerning issues that are specific to tribal behavioral health and physical health services.    

18.6.20.8 
 Collaborate with tribal nations in creating a system or process covering all aspects of COE/COT from petition to discharge.        

18.6.20.9 
 Coordinate annual training on the COE/COT process as it relates to tribal members. Minimal training requirements shall include:        

18.6.20.9.5 
 Coordination of Care between the Tribe, RBHA and RBHA providers (includes Tribal/RBHA Letters of Agreement and collaborative COE/COT processes);    

18.6.21.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.6.21.2 
 Is an Arizona licensed nurse, physician or physician s assistant or has a Master s degree in health services, public health, health care administration or other related field, or a CPHQ or CHCQM Certification.
Any staff under this position must be sufficient to meet the AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT contractual and policy requirements and must be located in Arizona. Maternal Child Health (MCH)/EPSDT staff must either report directly to the MCH/EPSDT Coordinator or the
MCH/EPSDT Coordinator must have sufficient ability to ensure that AHCCCS MCH/EPSDT requirements are met. Sufficient local staffing under this position must be in place to meet quality and performance measure goals, and is responsible for the
following primary functions:        

18.6.21.2.1 
 Ensures receipt of physical and behavioral health EPSDT services for SMI members under 21 years of age;    
      179  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Additional Required Staff:

18.6.22 
 Prior Authorization staff to authorize health care 24 hours per day, seven days per week. This staff shall include but is not limited to Arizona-licensed nurses, physicians and/or physician s assistants.

18.6.23 
 Concurrent Review staff who is located in Arizona and who conduct inpatient concurrent review. This staff shall consist of Arizona-licensed nurses, physicians, and/or physician s assistants.    

18.6.24 
 Member Services staff to enable members to receive prompt resolution of their inquiries/problems.        

18.6.25 
 Provider Services staff who is located in Arizona and who enable providers to receive prompt responses and assistance.        

18.6.26 
 Claims Processing staff to ensure the timely and accurate processing of original claims, resubmissions and overall adjudication of claims.    

18.6.27 
 Encounter Processing staff to ensure the timely and accurate processing and submission to AHCCCS of encounter data and reports.        

18.6.28 
 Care and Case Management staff who are located in Arizona and who provide care coordination for members with special health care needs.    

18.6.29 
 Information Systems Staff to ensure timely and accurate information system management to meet system and data exchange requirements.    

18.6.30 
 Quality Management Staff who is located in Arizona, with appropriate clinical and behavioral credentials and ensures timely, comprehensive quality of care investigative processes including but not limited to onsite
quality investigations.        
   The Contractor shall have a designated staff person to
perform the duties and responsibilities of each liaison and coordinator position as follows:      
 
      180  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.7.1.2 
 Is responsible for identification of available oral health community resources to members that do not have dental services coverage;    

18.7.1.3 
 Is responsible to collaborate with providers and other community resources to improve access to oral health care services for members that do not have dental services coverage; and    

18.7.2.1 
 Oversees AHCCCS  eligibility screening and referral requirements.        

18.7.3.1 
 Is the single point of contact with the Arizona State Hospital and AHCCCS to coordinate admissions, ongoing care, and discharges for members in the Arizona State Hospital.    

18.7.4.1 
 Is the single point of contact with the regional Human Rights Committee (HRC) and the AHCCCS Human Rights Committee Coordinator; and    

18.7.4.2 
 Is responsible to provide information to the HRC and attend HRC meetings.        

18.7.5 
 Physical Health Plan and Provider Coordinator:        

18.7.5.1 
 Is the single point of contact regarding coordination of care with other AHCCCS Health Plans and PCPs specifically to facilitate the sharing of clinical information for members not eligible to receive physical health
care services from the RBHA.        

18.7.6.1 
 Manages, oversees and coordinates transitions to and from AHCCCS Contractors and transfers to other agencies or systems;        

18.7.6.2 
 Locates the member s affiliated clinical provider in the Contractor s system;        

18.7.6.3 
 Gathers, reviews and communicates clinical information requested by PCPs, Acute Care Plan Behavioral Health Coordinators, other treating professionals, and other involved stakeholders including providers serving members
or under contract with DCS/CMDP and ADES/DDD;        

18.7.6.4 
 Collaborates and coordinate with the Acute Care Health Plans regarding member specific issues or needs.        

18.7.7 
 Emergency Response/Business Continuity and Recovery Liaison:        

18.7.7.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona; and        

18.7.7.2 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate health response needs, recovery, and business functions in the event of a disaster, power outage or other event that causes a significant disruption in service delivery or
business operations.    
      181  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.7.8.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.7.8.2 
 Is the single point of contact for information specific to the court s disposition for eligible members (i.e. Drug Court, Mental Health Court, Criminal Proceedings); and    

18.7.8.3 
 Communicates court related follow-up/requirements to the individual s health plan and/or RBHA.        

18.7.9.1 
 Resides in Arizona within the assigned Geographic Service Area in Greater Arizona;        

18.7.9.2 
 Is the single point of contact to communicate with the court and justice systems and AHCCCS Acute Care Contractors, including interaction with Mental Health Courts, Drug Courts, and other jail diversion programs; and

18.7.9.3 
 Is the interagency liaison with the Arizona Department of Corrections (ADOC), County Jails, Sheriff s Office, Correctional Health Services, Arizona Office of the Courts (AOC) and Probation Departments.

18.7.10.1 
 Is the single point of contact to coordinate health information specific to Division of Child Safety and Family Services eligible children in the CMDP Program; and    

18.7.10.2 
 Participates in meetings via telephone and teleconference, as needed.        

18.8  
  Training Program Requirements       The Contractor shall:  

18.8.1 
 Create and implement a comprehensive training program and framework to include: appropriate training, continuing education, technical assistance, workforce development opportunities, and various modalities of training
options to contractor and subcontractor personnel to promote and sustain a qualified, knowledgeable, skilled, and culturally competent workforce to successfully provide high quality services.    

18.8.2 
 Develop and implement an Annual Training Plan, in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables that tracks, monitors, and ensures effectiveness and documentation of all trainings and ensures inclusion of the following
minimum requirements:        

18.8.2.1 
 Describes how the Contractor incorporates: Adult/Children s Guiding Principles, Adult Learning Methods, Culturally Relevant Practices, Provider, and Community/Stakeholder input in the development of training
curricula and the delivery of trainings;    
      182  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.8.2.2 
 Approaches to gather input from stakeholder agencies, individuals, family members, and communities in the development of training curricula and delivery of training to meet the needs of the GSAs;    

18.8.2.3 
 Methods to ensure effectiveness of trainers by assessing skills and knowledge of content and detailing the availability of resources to effectively facilitate trainings;    

18.8.2.4 
 Strategies to identify training needs, quality concerns, evaluations, and analyses of training efforts on a quarterly, annually and as-needed basis to ensure high quality training procedures; and    

18.8.2.5 
 Describes how a system wide training quality assurance process is incorporated, developed and maintained by using case file reviews, complaint data, utilization data, and grievance and appeal data to identify additional
technical assistance or training needs as applicable.        

18.8.3 
 Include culturally and linguistically appropriate components in each training topic to include language access services, and culturally competent care for individuals accessing and receiving services.    

18.8.4 
 Allocate financial resources to provide initial and ongoing training, technical assistance, and professional development (coaching/modeling) to all personnel, service providers, and members.    

18.8.5 
 Maintain a sufficient number of accessible qualified trainers who are subject matter experts in the training topic to effectively facilitate training sessions and develop training curriculums.    

18.8.6 
 Submit and demonstrate evidence of completion of all training requirements for personnel, service providers, and members, which may include but not limited to: the number of participants, participant completion lists,
training calendars, training curriculums, training assessments, and sign in sheets as part of ongoing reporting.        

18.8.7 
 Provide and track initial orientation and training for contractor and subcontractor staff to become knowledgeable and skilled with understanding, implementing, and operating in a health care delivery system to include
but not limited to: AHCCCS Overview; Assessment/Screening Tools; Clinical Protocols/Best Practices; Complaint/Grievance Processes; Confidentiality/HIPAA; Cultural Competency; Customer Service; Demographic Data Sets, Fraud, Waste, and Abuse; Managed
Care Concepts; Step Therapy; Special Assistance; appropriate utilization of emergency room services including behavioral health emergencies; and Quality of Care Concerns.    

18.8.8 
 Provide and track ongoing training to sustain and enhance the knowledge and skills of contractor staff, subcontractor staff, and system stakeholders to include but not limited to: American Society of Addiction Medicine
(ASAM) Criteria (Third Edition, 2013) in substance use disorder assessments, service planning, and level of care placement; Child and Adolescent Service Intensity Instrument (CASII); Cultural Competency; Demographic Data Sets/Encounters; Disability
Benefits 101; Fraud, Waste, and Abuse; Special Assistance, Ticket to Work; Quality of Care Concerns, and Workforce Development. See also AMPM 320-O.        

18.8.9 
   Ensure compliance and documentation of trainings of contractor and subcontractor staff as applicable to maintain
AHCCCS Provider Registration     
      183  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

and/or licensure/certifications to include but not limited to: ADHS/Division of Licensing Services; Home Care Training to Home Care Clients (HCTCs); and Community Service Agencies (CSAs).

18.8.10 
 Provide and track training to child serving state agencies on the Arizona Vision-Twelve Principles for Children Service Delivery referenced in AMPM Policy 430 and for coaching state agency personnel in working with
children and families who have behavioral health needs.        

18.8.11 
 Make available and track trainings, coaching and collaboration with other collaborative partners, to include but limited to: Adult Protective Services (APS), Department of Corrections, First Responders and Educational
Entities on the Arizona System Principles, Recovery and Resiliencies Adult Principles to increase awareness for personnel working with individuals and families who have behavioral health needs.    

18.8.12 
 Train on prior authorization processes to member service personnel within Greater Arizona on the utilization of mapping search engines such as MapQuest, Yahoo Maps or Google Maps for the purpose of authorizing services,
recommending providers, and transporting members to the most geographically appropriate location.        

18.8.13 
 Collaborate with AHCCCS to coordinate and deliver training in response to identified needs and participation in the Workforce Development Operations Committee meetings.    

18.9  
  Training Reporting Requirements         

18.9.1 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to Training in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
   The Contractor shall:  

18.10.2 
 Not be responsible as the owner of a member s medical record, which is the property of the provider who generates the record.        

18.10.3 
 Provide each member who requests one copy of his or her medical record at no cost annually and review the member s request to amend or correct the medical record, as specified in, 45 CFR part 164 and applicable
state law.        

18.10.4 
 Require subcontracted service providers to create a medical record when information is received about a member. If the PCP has not yet seen the member, such information may be kept temporarily in an appropriately
labeled file, in lieu of establishing a medical record, but must be associated with the member s medical record as soon as one is established.        

18.10.5 
 Create written policies and procedures for the maintenance of medical records, which are documented accurately, timely, are readily accessible and permit prompt and systematic retrieval of information while maintaining
confidentiality.    
      184  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.10.6 
 Create written standards for documentation on the medical record for legibility, accuracy and plan of care, which comply with the AHCCCS Medical Policy Manual (AMPM).    

18.10.7 
 Create written plans for providing training and evaluating providers  compliance with the Contractor s medical records  standards.    

18.10.8 
 Require subcontracted service providers to maintain legible, signed and dated medical records as follows:        

18.10.8.5 
 When a member changes his or her PCP, forward the member s medical record or copies of it to the new PCP within 10 business days from receipt of the request for transfer of the medical record.    

18.10.8.6 
 Provide AHCCCS access to all members  medical records whether electronic or paper within the time specified by AHCCCS.        

18.10.8.7 
 Comply with federal and state confidentiality statutes, rules and regulations to protect medical records and any other personal health information that may identify a particular member or subset of members.

18.10.8.9 
 Provide initial and ongoing training to staff and providers to comply with confidentiality requirements and Contractor s medical records standards.    

18.10.8.10 
 Have the discretion to obtain a copy of a member s medical records without written approval of the member, if the reason for such request is directly related to the administration of service delivery.

18.10.8.11 
 Have the discretion to release information related to fraud and abuse so long as protected HIV-related information is not disclosed (A.R.S.  36-664) and substance abuse information shall only be disclosed
consistent with Federal and State law, including but not limited to, 42 CFR 2.1 et seq.    
      185  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

   The Contractor shall:  

18.12.2 
 Each contract or agreement with a hospital, nursing facility, hospice, and providers of home health care or personal care services must comply with Federal and State law regarding advance directives for adult members,
42 CFR 438.3(j)(1).        

18.12.3.1 
 Maintain written policies that address the rights of adult members to make decisions about medical care, including the right to accept or refuse medical care, and the right to execute an advance directive. If the
agency/organization has a conscientious objection to carrying out an advance directive, it must be explained in policies. A health care provider is not prohibited from making such objection when made pursuant to A.R.S.  36-3205.C.1;

18.12.3.2 
 Provide written information to adult members regarding an individual s rights under State law to make decisions regarding medical care, and the health care provider s written policies concerning advance
directives, including any conscientious objections, 42 CFR 438.3(j)(3);        

18.12.3.3 
 Documenting in the member s medical record whether or not the adult member has been provided the information, and whether an advance directive has been executed;    

18.12.3.4 
 Preventing discrimination against a member because of his or her decision to execute or not execute an advance directive, and not place conditions on the provision of care to the member, because of his/her decision to
execute or not execute an advance directive, and        

18.12.3.5 
 Providing education to staff on issues concerning advance directives including notification of direct care providers of services, such as home health care and personal care services, if any advanced directives are
executed by members to whom they are assigned to provide services.        

18.12.5 
 The Contractor shall also require health care providers specified in subparagraph 18.12.1.1 above to provide a copy of the member s executed advanced directive, or documentation of refusal, to the member s PCP
for inclusion in the member s medical record and provide education to staff on issues concerning advanced directives.    
      186  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.12.6 
 The Contractor shall provide written information to adult members and when the member is incapacitated or unable to receive information, the member s family or surrogate as defined in A.R.S.  36-3231,
regarding the following [42 CFR 422.128]:        

18.12.6.1 
 A member s rights regarding advance directives under Arizona under State law,        

18.12.6.2 
 The organization s policies respecting the implementation of those rights, including a statement of any limitation regarding the implementation of advance directives as a matter of conscience,    

18.12.6.3 
 A description of the applicable state law and information regarding the implementation of these rights,        

18.12.6.5 
 Written policies including a clear and precise statement of limitations if the provider cannot implement an advance directive as a matter of conscience; This statement, at a minimum must do the following:

18.12.6.5.1 
 Clarify institution-wide conscientious objections and those of individual physicians,        

18.12.6.5.3 
 Describe the range of medical conditions or procedures affected by the conscience objection, and    

18.12.7 
 Written information regarding advance directives shall be provided to members at the time of enrollment with the Member Handbook. Refer to ACOM Policy 404 for member information and Member Handbook requirements.

18.12.8 
 The Contractor is not relieved of its obligation to provide the above information to the individual once he or she is no longer incapacitated or unable to receive such information. Follow-up procedures must be in place
to provide the information to the individual directly at the appropriate time.        

18.13.1 
 The Contractor shall develop, maintain and annually test a Business Continuity and Recovery Plan and Emergency Response as detailed in ACOM Policy 104, to manage unexpected events that may negatively and significantly
impact its ability to deliver services to members adequately serve members. All staff shall be trained on, and familiar with, the Plan. This Plan shall, at a minimum, include planning and training for:    

18.13.1.1 
 Electronic/telephonic failure at the Contractor s main place of business;        

18.13.1.2 
 Complete loss of use of the main site and satellite offices out of State;        
 
      187  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.13.1.4 
 Communication between the Contractor and AHCCCS in the event of a business disruption; and        

18.13.2 
 The Business Continuity and Recovery Plan shall be updated annually. The Contractor shall submit a summary of the Plan to AHCCCS as specified in Exhibit-9 Deliverables.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.14.1 
 Upon AHCCCS  request, participate in health emergency response planning, preparation, and deployment in the event of a Presidential, State, or locally-declared disaster.    

18.14.3 
 Participate in the development of a comprehensive disaster response plan, including, at a minimum, specific measures and plans for:        

18.14.3.3 
 Access to medications should the Contractor s Pharmacy Benefit Manager be unable to adjudicate prescription claims at the Point-of-Sale.    

18.14.3.4 
 Assess the needs of members, first responders and their families, victims, survivors, family members, and other community caregivers following an emergency or disaster considering short and long term stress management
techniques; and        

18.14.3.5 
 Maintain surveillance of health needs of members and the greater population in order to adjust health services to meet the population s demand during and following an emergency or disaster.    

18.14.4 
 Collaborate with local hospitals, emergency rooms, fire, and police to provide emergency health supports for first responders.        

18.14.5 
 Coordinate with other RBHAs and health care organizations to assist in a disaster in Maricopa County or in the event of a disaster in another region of the state.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.15.1 
 Comply with Legislative changes, directives, regulatory changes, or court orders related to any term in this Contract.        

18.15.2 
 Comply with program changes based on federal or state requirements that are unknown, pending or that may be enacted after Contract Award Date. Any program changes due to new or changing federal or state requirements
will be reflected in future Contract amendments.    
      188  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.15.3 
 Agree to an adjustment of capitation rates prior to Contract Performance Start Date or at any time during the Contract term for trend updates, impact cause by health care reform, Medicare Integration, and program and
other changes that affect expected service delivery or administrative costs.        

18.15.4 
 Recognize that AHCCCS will be in compliance with Federal and State transparency initiatives. AHCCCS may publicly report or make available any data, reports, analysis or outcomes related to Contractor activities,
operations and/or performance. Public reporting may include, but is not limited to, the following components:        

18.15.4.2 
 Identification and publication of top performing Contractors;        

18.15.4.7 
 Identification of Centers of Excellence for specific conditions, procedures or member populations; and        
   The following, which is not an all-inclusive
list, are examples of issues that could result in program changes for the Contractor s required compliance.      

18.15.5 
 Compliance with the applicable sections of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) including, but not limited to, the Health Insurer Fee and including those provisions as adopted by AHCCCS in the Arizona
State Plan.      The Contractor shall:      

18.15.6 
 Meet other requirements as stipulated including increased provider reimbursement up to Medicare levels for select primary care services.    

18.15.7 
 Participate in care coordination data sharing as prescribed by AHCCCS between Medicaid Managed Care Organizations (MCO) and Exchange Qualified Health Plans for those members that transition between Medicaid and Exchange
health care coverage.        

18.15.8 
 Comply with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid policies, directives and guidelines.        

18.15.9.3 
 That modify, alter or create obligations that affect programs, policies or requirements in this Contract;    
      189  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.15.10.1 
 Comply with Regulatory changes affecting licensing, privileging, certification and credentialing.        

18.15.10.2 
 Comply with CMS  approval or denial of any request by AHCCCS for an 1115 Waiver amendment, State Plan amendment or permission to participate in a demonstration project. This includes the waiver of member choice of
acute health plan that was submitted to CMS by AHCCCS in 2014, which would provide the state with the flexibility to require one Contractor(s) to provide integrated health care services to SMI members in Greater Arizona.    

18.15.10.3 
 Comply with Court orders in existing or future litigation in which the state is a defendant.        

18.15.10.4 
 Participate in any demonstration projects or activities to plan, promote and implement integrated health care service delivery and care coordination for dual eligible members.    
   
   ADHS and AHCCCS: BH16-0005  
 ADHS and ADOC: BH16-0015    ADHS
and ADOH: BH16-0007    ADHS and ADOH: BH16-0090  
 ADHS and ADOH: BH16-0041    ADHS
and ADOH: BH16-0042    ADHS and ADOH: BH16-0043  
 ADHS and ADES: BH16-0030    ADHS
and ADE 14-14 ED: BH16-0033    ADHS and ASAP: BH16-0039  
 ADHS and ADES-RSA: BH16-0024  
 ADHS and Pima County Health Department: BH16-0091  
 ADHS and University of Arizona: BH16-0034  
 ADHS and University of Arizona: BH16-0037  
 ADHS and Gila River Tribe: BH16-0023  
 ADHS and Pascua Yaqui Tribe: BH16-0022      
   The following constitute pending items that may be resolved after the
issuance of this Contract or any Contract amendment. Any program changes due to the resolution of the issues will be reflected in future amendments to the Contract.  
 Capitation rates may also be adjusted to reflect the financial impact of program changes. The items in this paragraph are subject to change and
should not be considered all-inclusive.    AHCCCS and its Contractors are subject to legislative mandates, directives, regulatory changes,
executive and court orders related to any term in this Contract that may result in changes to the program. AHCCCS will either amend the contract or incorporate changes in policies incorporated in the contract by reference.  
   Managed Care Regulations  : On May 6, 2016 the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services (CMS) published final rules
focused on advancing delivery system reform, strengthening quality and consumer protections, promoting accountability, and aligning Medicaid managed care rules with other health insurance coverage programs. The provisions of the rule will be
implemented in phases throughout years 2016, 2017, and 2018.  
      190  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  The final rule provisions include significant operational changes to numerous areas of the
Medicaid Program, including but not limited to the following:      

18.16.8 
 Limitations on capitation payments for services provided to persons age 21-64 receiving services in an Institution for Mental Disease (IMD)    
   Section 1115 Waiver Demonstration  : As of the writing of this Contract, the Section 1115 Waiver Demonstration for the
period October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2021, is not yet approved by CMS. Therefore the Waiver approval may necessitate changes to the terms of this Contract which will be executed through a Contract amendment.  
   Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act  : Pursuant to 45 CFR Part 92, the Contractor is prohibited from discrimination on the
basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability in health programs and activities, any part of which receives federal funding. Under the proposed rule, sex discrimination includes, but is not limited to, discrimination on the basis of
pregnancy, sex stereotyping, and gender identity. AHCCCS is reviewing existing policies and system edits to implement necessary changes to conform to the law. The Contractor shall be required to adopt any such changes.  
   Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act:   On March 30, 2016 final rules were published providing that financial and
treatment limitations on mental health and substance use disorder benefits may be no more restrictive and applied no more stringently than to medical/surgical benefits. On or before October 1, 2017, the Contractor shall demonstrate that
services are delivered in compliance with mental health parity consistent with 42 CFR 438.900 et seq. Future information will be provided regarding deliverables and timelines to ensure compliance.  
   Administrative Simplification  : Arizona Laws 2015, Chapter 19, Section 9 (SB 1480) enacts that from and after June 30,
2016, the provision of behavioral health services under the Division of Behavioral Health Services (DBHS) in the Department of Health Services is transferred to and shall be administered by the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS).
From and after June 30, 2016, the AHCCCS administration succeeds to the authority, powers, duties and responsibilities of DBHS with the exception of the Arizona State Hospital. This act does not alter the effect of any actions or impair the
valid obligations of DBHS taken before July 1, 2016. Administrative rules and orders that were adopted by DBHS continue in effect until superseded by administrative action by AHCCCS. Until administrative action is taken by AHCCCS, any
reference to DBHS in rules and orders is considered to refer to AHCCCS. All administrative matters, contracts and judicial and quasi-judicial actions, whether completed, pending or in process, of DBHS on July 1, 2016 are transferred to and
retain the same status with  
      191  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
  
AHCCCS. AHCCCS and DBHS will work to administratively streamline contractual oversight and monitoring of the Tribal and Regional Behavioral Health Authorities (T/RBHAs) throughout Arizona, pursue
continuous quality improvement, and reduce fragmentation in healthcare delivery to develop an integrated system of healthcare. This merger will not impact what services are offered to members or how services are delivered.  

As policies, guides, and other documents are transitioned to AHCCCS, publishing of AHCCCS final integrated policies and other guidance documents may be delayed. In the interim, should the Contractor require
clarification regarding contract provisions and associated policies, guides or manuals incorporated by reference, the Contractor may contact AHCCCS, DHCM for further instruction. To the extent there is a DBHS policy which provides directive and it
does not conflict with existing contract provisions, the Contractor should consult those documents until such time that AHCCCS provides updates. DBHS Policies, Guides and Manuals are available on the AHCCCS website for reference.    
   
   The Contractor is required to comply with A.A.C. R9-22-711, ACOM Policy 431
and other directives by AHCCCS.      

18.17.1 
 Those populations exempt from copayments or subject to non-mandatory (also known as nominal or optional) copayments may not be denied services due to the inability to pay the copayment, 42 CFR 438.108. However, for
those populations subject to mandatory copayments services may be denied for the inability to pay the copayment.        
   The Contractor shall, for telephonic performance:

18.18.1 
 Meet and maintain established telephone performance standards to ensure member and provider satisfaction as specified in ACOM Policy 435.    

18.18.2 
 Report on compliance with these standards as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables and the policy identified above. All reported data is subject to validation through periodic audits and/or operational reviews.

18.18.4 
 To assess the timeliness of provisional and initial credentialing a Contractor shall calculate and report to AHCCCS as outlined in AMPM Policy 950.    
 The Contractor must report the credentialing information with regard to all credentialing applications as specified in Exhibit-9,
Deliverables.      
   The Contractor shall:  

18.19.1 
 Ensure persons who may meet the SMI eligibility criteria are identified and assessed by qualified clinicians in accordance with AHCCCS policy on  SMI Eligibility Determinations ;    
      192  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

18.19.2 
 Ensure SMI assessment results are referred to an organization identified by AHCCCS that will determine whether a person meets the criteria for SMI Eligibility.    

18.19.3 
 Cooperate with the SMI Eligibility determination organization by establishing and implementing systems or processes for communication, consultation, data sharing and the exchange of information.    
   
   The Contractor shall:  

18.20.1 
 Be responsible for evaluating all operational changes, including unexpected or significant changes, and determining whether those changes are material changes to the Contractor s business operations, 42 CFR 438.207
(c). All material changes to the business operations must be approved in advance by AHCCCS Division of Health Care Management. A material change to business operations is defined as, any change in overall business operations (e.g., policy, process,
protocol, such as prior authorization or retrospective review) that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as described in this Contract including, but not limited to, any
changes that would impact or is likely to impactmore than 5% of total membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.        

18.20.2 
 Submit a request for approval of a material change to business operations with information including, but not limited to, how the change will affect the delivery of covered services, the Contractor s plans for
maintaining the quality of member care, and communications to providers and members, as outlined in ACOM Policy 439 and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables. AHCCCS will respond to the Contractor within 30 days of the submission. A material
change in the Contractor s business operations requires 30 days advance written notice to providers and members. For emergency situations, AHCCCS will expedite the approval process.    

18.20.3 
 The requirements regarding material changes to business operations do not extend to contract negotiations between the Contractor and a provider.    

18.20.4 
 Conduct meetings with providers and members to address issues or to provide general information and technical assistance related to federal and state requirements, changes in policy, reimbursement matters, prior
authorization and other matters as identified or requested by AHCCCS.        
   The Contractor shall:  

18.21.1 
 Include in its Governance Board or governance structure at least 25% of the voting members to be equally divided between peers and family members who are or have been active participants in the assigned geographical
service area of Greater Arizona Behavioral Health system.        

18.21.2 
 Not have Contractor staff serve as peer and family member representatives on the Governance Board.        

18.22  
  Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture and Change In Ownership         

18.22.1 
   A merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, and change in ownership of the Contractor shall require
prior approval of AHCCCS, as specified in ACOM     
      193  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

Policy 317 and Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The Contractor must submit notification and a detailed transition plan to AHCCCS 180 days prior to the effective date as outlined in ACOM Policy
317. The purpose of the plan review is to ensure uninterrupted services to members, evaluate the new entity s ability to maintain and support the contract requirements, and to ensure that services to members are not diminished and that
major components of the organization and AHCCCS programs are not adversely affected by such merger, reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership.       

18.22.2 
 A merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, and change in ownership of the Contractor may require a contract amendment. If the Contractor does not obtain prior approval, or AHCCCS determines that a
merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or change in ownership is not in the best interest of the State, AHCCCS may terminate this contract pursuant to Section, Terms and Conditions, Paragraph 45, Temporary Management/Operation of a
Contractor and Termination. AHCCCS may offer open enrollment to the members assigned to the Contractor should a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, or change in ownership occurs.   

18.22.3 
 AHCCCS will not permit one organization to own or manage more than one contract within the same program in the same GSA.        

18.23  
  Separate Incorporation and Prohibition Against Direct Service Delivery         

18.23.1 
 The Contractor shall be separately incorporated in Arizona or be a separate legal entity from a parent, subsidiary or other affiliated company related party or corporation for the purpose of conducting business as a
Contractor with AHCCCS, whose sole activity is the performance of the requirements of this Contract or other contracts with AHCCCS.        

18.23.2 
 A.R.S.  36-3410(C) prohibits a regional behavioral health authority and its subsidiaries from providing behavioral health services directly to clients. Because Contract requires that the Contractor be a
separate legal entity in Arizona whose sole activity is the performance of the requirements of this Contract, the statutory prohibition on direct behavioral health service deliver applies to the Contractor and any subsidiary of the Contractor.

19  
  MONITORING AND OPERATIONAL REVIEWS (OR)         
   The Contractor shall:  

19.1.1 
 Comply with all reporting requirements contained in this Contract. Requirements regarding reports, report content and frequency of submission of reports are subject to change at any time during the term of the Contract.

19.1.2 
 Submit timely, accurate and complete reports or other information to AHCCCS as required in this Contract, and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables. 42 CFR 438.242(b)(2).    

19.1.3 
 Be subject to administrative actions if a report or other information is submitted late, inaccurate, or incomplete.        

19.1.4 
 Comply with the following submission standards:        

19.1.5 
    Timeliness : Reports or other information must be received no later than 5:00 pm M.S.T. on the scheduled
due date, unless otherwise noted. All deliverables     
      194  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

which are noted to be submitted via SharePoint are to be submitted to the SharePoint Contract Compliance Site at :   http://bhs-compliance.azahcccs.gov . Should AHCCCS modify the
submission process for deliverables, AHCCCS shall provide a letter of instruction to the Contractor outlining changes to the deliverable submission process.        

19.1.6 
  Accuracy:  Reports or other information is prepared and submitted in strict conformity with appropriate authoritative sources and/or AHCCCS defined standards; and    

19.1.7 
  Completeness:  All required information shall be fully disclosed in a manner that is both responsive and relevant to the report s purpose with no material omissions.    

19.1.8 
 Comply with all changes as specified by AHCCCS, including those pertaining to subcontractor and provider reporting requirements.        

19.1.9 
 Continue to report throughout the contract close-out period in the event the Contract or any portion thereof, is terminated for any reason, or expires. These submissions include, but are not limited to, claims and
encounter data, grievance and appeals, and financial reports.        

19.1.10 
 Monitor subcontractor compliance with all applicable reporting requirements.      Under the terms and conditions
of its CMS grant award, AHCCCS requires periodic reports, encounter data and other information from the Contractor. The submission of late, inaccurate, or otherwise incomplete reports shall constitute failure to report subject to the penalty
provisions described in Contract Sections on; Sanctions      

19.2.1 
 The Contractor shall maintain records relating to covered services and expenditures including reports to AHCCCS and documentation used in the preparation of reports to AHCCCS. The Contractor shall comply with all
specifications for record keeping established by AHCCCS. All records shall be maintained to the extent and in such detail as required by AHCCCS rules and policies. Records shall include but not be limited to financial statements, records
relating to the quality of care, medical records, prescription files and other records specified by AHCCCS.        

19.2.2 
 The Contractor agrees to make available, at all reasonable times during the term of this contract, any of its records for inspection, audit or reproduction by any authorized representative of AHCCCS, State or Federal
government. The Contractor shall be responsible for any costs associated with the reproduction of requested information.        

19.2.3 
 The Contractor shall preserve and make available all records for a period of five years from the date of final payment under this contract unless a longer period of time is required by law.    

19.2.5 
 The Contractor shall comply with the record keeping requirements delineated in 42 CFR 438.3(u) and retain such records for a period of no less than 10 years.    
      195  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.2.6 
 For retention of patient medical records, the Contractor shall ensure compliance with A.R.S.  12-2297 which provides, in part, that a health care provider shall retain patient medical records according to the
following:        

19.2.6.1 
 If the patient is an adult, the provider shall retain the patient medical records for at least six years after the last date the adult patient received medical or health care services from that provider.

19.2.6.2 
 If the patient is under 18 years of age, the provider shall retain the patient medical records either for at least three years after the child s 18 th  birthday or
for at least six years after the last date the child received medical or health care services from that provider, whichever date occurs later.        

19.2.7 
 If this Contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be preserved and made available for a period of five years from the date of any such termination. Records
which relate to grievances, disputes, litigation or the settlement of claims arising out of the performance of this contract, or costs and expenses of this contract to which exception has been taken by AHCCCS, shall be retained by the Contractor for
a period of five years after the date of final disposition or resolution thereof.        
   AHCCCS may, at any time during the term of this contract,
request financial or other information from the Contractor. Responses shall fully disclose all financial or other information requested. Information may be designated as confidential but may not be withheld from AHCCCS as
proprietary. Information designated as confidential may not be disclosed by AHCCCS without the prior written consent of the Contractor except as required by law. Upon receipt of such requests for information from AHCCCS, the Contractor
shall provide complete information to AHCCCS as requested no later than 20 days after the receipt of the request unless otherwise specified in the request itself.  
 If the Contractor believes the requested information is confidential and may not be disclosed to third parties, the Contractor shall provide a
detailed legal analysis to AHCCCS, within the timeframe designated by AHCCCS, setting forth the specific reasons why the information is confidential and describing the specific harm or injury that would result from disclosure. In the event that
AHCCCS withholds information from a third party as a result of the Contractor s statement, the Contractor shall be responsible for all costs associated with the nondisclosure, including but not limited to legal fees and costs.  
   
   The Contractor shall be required to perform annual, general or focused member
surveys.    The Contractor shall:      

19.4.1 
 Obtain prior approval from AHCCCS for the survey tool if required to perform a survey or the Contractor initiates a survey that is not required.    

19.4.2 
 Submit a scope of work and a timeline for the survey project if the survey is not initiated by AHCCCS. AHCCCS may require inclusion of certain questions.    

19.4.3 
 Submit data, results and the analysis of the results to AHCCCS within 45 days of the completion of the project, and in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

19.4.5 
 Cooperate should AHCCCS conduct surveys of the Contractor s membership and/or providers. The results of these surveys will become public information and available to all interested parties on the AHCCCS website.
The Contractor will be responsible for reimbursing AHCCCS for the cost of these surveys based on its share of AHCCCS enrollment.    
      196  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.4.6 
 Note that surveys may include Home and Community Based (HCBS) Member experience surveys, HEDIS Experience of Care Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS) surveys. Survey findings may result in
the Contractor being required to develop a corrective action plan (CAP) to improve any areas noted by the survey or a requirement to participate in workgroups and efforts as a result of the survey results. Failure of the Contractor to develop a
corrective action plan (CAP) and improve the area may result in regulatory action.        

19.4.7 
 At least quarterly, the Contractor is required to survey a sample of its membership that have received services to verify that services the Contractor paid for were delivered as outlined in the ACOM Policy 424, and in
accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables, [42 CFR 455.20].        

19.5  
  Monitoring and Independent Review of the Contractor       The Contractor shall:  

19.5.1 
 Perform monitoring and regulatory action as determined by AHCCCS if the Contractor does not achieve the desired outcomes or maintain compliance with the contractual requirements.    

19.5.2 
 Cooperate with any reviews conducted by AHCCCS. AHCCCS reserves the right to conduct reviews without notice to monitor contractual requirements and performance as needed.    

19.5.3 
 Comply with all other medical audit provisions as required by AHCCCS.        

19.5.4 
 Comply with all reporting requirements contained in this Contract and AHCCCS policy. In accordance with CMS requirements, AHCCCS has in effect procedures for monitoring the Contractors  operations to ensure program
compliance and identify best practices, including, but not limited to, evaluation of submitted deliverables, ad hoc reporting, and periodic focused and Operational Reviews. xxxiii 

19.5.5 
 These monitoring procedures will include, but are not limited to, operations related to the following: xxxiv     

19.5.5.4 
 Violations of the conditions for receiving federal financial participation, as set forth in Subpart J of 42 CFR 438; and        

19.5.6 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS on periodic Operational Reviews.        
 
      197  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.5.8 
 The reviews will identify and make recommendations for areas of improvement, monitor the Contractor s progress towards implementing mandated programs or operational enhancements, and provide the Contractor with
technical assistance when necessary. The type and duration of the review will be solely at the discretion of AHCCCS.        

19.5.9 
 Except in cases where advance notice is not possible or advance notice may render the review less useful, AHCCCS will give the Contractor at least three weeks advance notice of the date of the scheduled Operational
Review.        

19.5.10 
 The Contractor will be furnished a copy of the draft Operational Review report and given an opportunity to comment on any review findings prior to AHCCCS issuing the final report.    

19.5.11 
 The Contractor shall not distribute or otherwise make available the Operational Review Tool, draft Operational Review Report or final report to other Contractors.    

19.5.12 
 Submit to AHCCCS, in advance, or as otherwise directed, all documents and information related to Contractor s, policies, procedures, job descriptions, contracts, logs, clinical and business practices, financial
reporting systems, quality outcomes, timeliness, access to health care services, and any other information requested by AHCCCS, 42 CFR 438.204.        

19.5.13 
 Make available on-site, or through other methods as directed by AHCCCS, all requested medical records and case records selected for the review.    

19.5.14 
 During the review and when requested by AHCCCS, produce, as soon as possible, any documents not requested in advance by AHCCCS, except medical records in the possession of a qualified service provider.

19.5.15 
 Allow AHCCCS to have access to Contractor s staff, as identified in advance, at all times during the review.        

19.5.16 
 Provide AHCCCS with workspace, access to a telephone, electrical outlets, internet access and privacy for conferences while on-site.    

19.5.17 
 Implement a corrective action plan when AHCCCS  review identifies deficiencies in performance. The corrective action plans and modifications to the corrective action plans must be approved by AHCCCS.

19.5.18 
 Cooperate with AHCCCS  follow-up reviews, monitoring or audits at any time after the Operational Review to determine the Contractor s progress in implementing a corrective action plan.    

19.5.20 
 Cooperate with an Administrative Review, other than the Operational Review, when directed by AHCCCS, if the Contractor undergoes a merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture or has a change in ownership, in
accordance with ACOM Policy 317.        

19.5.21 
 Pay for any additional costs incurred by AHCCCS associated with on-site audits or other oversight activities that result when required administrative or managed care functions are located outside of the state.

19.5.22 
 Review and comment on a copy of the DRAFT of the findings that is provided prior to AHCCCS issuing the final report.        

19.5.23 
 Implement all recommendations, made by the Review Team to bring the Contractor into compliance with Federal, State, and/or Contract requirements.    
      198  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

19.5.24 
 Submit all modifications to the corrective action plan for approval in advance to AHCCCS.        

19.5.25 
 Comply and work collaboratively with unannounced follow-up reviews that may be conducted at any time to determine the Contractor s progress in implementing recommendations and achieving compliance.

19.5.26 
 Be on notice that review findings may be used in the scoring of subsequent bid proposals submitted by the Contractor.        

19.5.27 
 The Contractor shall submit deliverables related to the Operational Reviews in accordance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.        
   In accordance with applicable Federal and State regulations, A.A.C.
R9-22-606, ACOM Policy 408 and the terms of this contract, AHCCCS may impose sanctions for failure to comply with any provision of this contract. Written notice will be provided to the Contractor specifying the sanction to be imposed, the grounds
for such sanction and either the length of suspension or the amount of capitation to be withheld. The Contractor may dispute the decision to impose a sanction in accordance with the process outlined in A.A.C. R9-34-401 et seq.  
  Cure Notice Process : AHCCCS may provide a written cure notice to the Contractor regarding the details of the non-compliance. If a
notice to cure is provided to the Contractor, the cure notice will specify the period of time during which the Contractor must bring its performance back into compliance with contract requirements. If, at the end of the specified time period, the
Contractor has complied with the cure notice requirements, AHCCCS will not impose a sanction.    AHCCCS may impose sanctions including but not limited to:

19.6.3 
 Suspension of payment for recipients enrolled after the effective date of the sanction until CMS or AHCCCS is satisfied that the reason for imposition of the sanction no longer exists and is not likely to recur.

19.6.4 
 Additional sanctions allowed under statute or regulation that address areas of noncompliance.        
   For Technical Assistance the Contractor shall note the following
Technical Assistance Provisions:      

19.6.6 
 Recognize AHCCCS  technical assistance to help the Contractor achieve compliance with any relevant contract terms or contract subject matter issues does not relieve the Contractor of its obligation to fully comply
with contract requirements or any and all other terms in this Contract.        

19.6.7 
 Recognize that the Contractor s acceptance of AHCCCS  offer or provision of technical assistance shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in a contract enforcement action in which compliance
with contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

19.6.8 
 Recognize that AHCCCS not providing technical assistance to the Contractor as it relates to compliance with a contract requirement or any and all other terms, shall not be utilized as a defense or a mitigating factor in
a contract enforcement action in which compliance with contract requirements or any and all other terms is at issue.        

19.6.9 
 Should a subcontractor to the RBHA participate in the technical assistance matter, in full or in part, the subcontractor participation does not relieve the RBHA of its contractual duties nor modify the RBHA s
contractual obligations.    
      199  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20  
  SUBCONTRACTING REQUIREMENTS         

20.1  
  Subcontract Relationships and Delegation       All subcontracts must reference and require
compliance with the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions. See Minimum Subcontract Provisions on the AHCCCS Website.    The Contractor shall:

20.1.1 
 Be responsible for the administration, management and compliance with all requirements of this Contract, any subcontracts and hold subcontractors accountable for complying with all Contract terms, obligations and
performance. Delegation of performance to a subcontractor does not terminate, relieve or reduce the legal responsibility of the Contractor for compliance with all Contract requirements and federal and state laws [42 CFR 438.230(a) and 434.6(c)]. No
subcontract shall operate to terminate the legal responsibility of the Contractor to assure that all activities carried out by the subcontractor conform to the provisions of this contract.    

20.1.2 
 Evaluate the prospective subcontractor s ability to perform duties to be delegated.        

20.1.3 
 Specify in writing the activities and report responsibilities delegated to the subcontractor including terms for revoking delegation or imposing sanctions if the subcontractor s performance is inadequate, 42 CFR
438.6(l); 42 CFR438.230 (b)(2)(ii).        

20.1.4 
 Before entering into a subcontract which delegates duties or responsibilities to a subcontractor the Contractor must evaluate the prospective subcontractor s ability to perform the activities to be delegated. If
the Contractor delegates duties or responsibilities then the Contractor shall establish a written agreement that specifies the activities and reporting responsibilities delegated to the subcontractor. The written agreement shall also provide for
revoking delegation or imposing other sanctions if the subcontractor s performance is inadequate. The Contractor s local CEO must retain the authority to direct and prioritize any delegated contract requirements. In order to determine
adequate performance, the Contractor shall monitor the subcontractor s performance on an ongoing basis and subject it to formal review at least annually or more frequently if requested by AHCCCS. As a result of the performance review, any
deficiencies must be communicated to the subcontractor in order to establish a corrective action plan, 42 CFR 438.230(b). The results of the performance review and the correction plan shall be communicated to AHCCCS upon completion.

20.1.5 
 Develop and implement a quarterly performance auditing protocol to evaluate compliance with the standards for all subcontracted transportation providers and require corrective action if standards are not met.

20.1.6 
 Inform AHCCCS in writing if a subcontractor is noncompliant to the extent it would affect its ability to perform the duties and responsibilities of the subcontract.    

20.1.7 
 Require all subcontracts to contain full disclosure of all terms and conditions including disclosure of all financial or other requested information.    
      200  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.1.8 
 Have the discretion to designate Information related to subcontracts as confidential but may not withhold information from AHCCCS as proprietary. Information designated as confidential may be disclosed by AHCCCS as
required by law.        

20.1.9 
 Prohibit subcontractors, through the use of incentives or other practices, from denying, limiting or discontinuing medically necessary services to any member, 42 CFR 438.210(e).    

20.1.10 
 Prohibit covenant-not-to-compete requirements in its subcontracts.        

20.1.11 
 Allow subcontractors to provide services to any AHCCCS contractor.        

20.1.12 
 Include federal and state laws, regulations and policies in written agreements with subcontractors.        

20.1.13 
 Not subcontract with any individual or entity that has been debarred, suspended or otherwise lawfully prohibited from participating in any public procurement activity, excluded from participation in Federal health care
programs and shall include this requirement in written agreements with subcontractors.        

20.1.14 
 Not discriminate against particular providers that serve high-need populations or specialize in conditions that require costly treatment.    

20.1.15 
 Maintain a fully executed original or electronic copy of all subcontracts, which shall be accessible to AHCCCS within five business days of request by AHCCCS.    

20.1.16 
 Provide hospitals and provider groups 90 days  notice prior to a subcontract termination without cause. Subcontracts between the Contractor and sole practitioners are exempt from this requirement.

20.1.17 
 Develop and implement financial incentives or other methods in its subcontracts to improve whole health outcomes and to improve performance on the required SAMHSA National Outcome Measures (NOMS).    

20.1.18 
 Ensure the terms of subcontracts are subject to the applicable material terms and conditions of the contract existing between the Contractor and AHCCCS for the provision of covered services.    

20.1.19 
 Be responsible for ensuring that its subcontractors are notified when modifications are made to the AHCCCS guidelines, policies, and manuals.    

20.1.20 
 Include in written agreements with subcontractors that subcontracted providers shall report all suspected Fraud, Waste, and Abuse (FWA) to AHCCCS-OIG regardless of funding source.    

20.1.21 
 Include the following verbatim in every contract in which the Contractor and subcontractor have a capitated arrangement/risk sharing arrangement:    

20.1.21.1 
 If  the Subcontractor  does not bill  the Contractor ,  the subcontractor s  encounter data that is required to be submitted to  the Contractor  pursuant to contract is defined for these
purposes as a  claim for payment .  The Subcontractor s  provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said claims shall be subject to review
under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute A.R.S.  36-2918.    
      201  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.2  
  Hospital Subcontracts and Reimbursement       When subcontracting with hospitals for physical
health care services for SMI members, the Contractor shall:      

20.2.1 
 Reimburse hospitals for inpatient and outpatient hospital services, in the absence of a contract between the Contractor and a hospital providing otherwise, as required by A.R.S.   36-2904 and 2905.01, and 9
A.A.C. 22, Article 7, which includes without limitation: reimbursement of the majority of inpatient hospital services with discharge dates on and after October 1, 2014, using the APR-DRG payment methodology in R9-22-712.60 through R9-22-712.81;
reimbursement of limited inpatient hospital services with discharge dates on and after October 1, 2014, using per diem rates described in R9-22-712.61; and, in Pima and Maricopa Counties, payment to non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the
amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services. The required use of APR-DRG applies to Physical Health only.        

20.2.2 
 When the principal diagnosis on the inpatient claim is a behavioral health diagnosis (even when physical health services are included in the claim), the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using per diem rates
prescribed by AHCCCS and described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(B) regardless of the hospital type.        

20.2.3 
 When the principal diagnosis on the inpatient claim is a physical health diagnosis (even when behavioral health services are included in the claim), the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using the APR-DRG
payment methodology in A.A.C. R9-22-712.60 through A.A.C. R9-22-712.81 EXCEPT when the hospital is a rehabilitation hospital or a long term acute care hospital. For inpatient services with a principal diagnosis of physical health provided by a
rehabilitation hospital or a long term acute care hospital, the Contractor shall reimburse the hospital using the per diem rates published in the Administration s capped fee schedule as described in A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(A).

20.2.4 
 In Pima and Maricopa Counties, the Contractor shall pay non-contracted hospitals at 95% of the amounts otherwise payable for inpatient services with a principal diagnosis of physical health. The 5% discount does not
apply to claims with a principal diagnosis of behavioral health.        

20.2.5 
 Upon request, shall make available to AHCCCS, all hospital subcontracts and amendments. The Contractor is encouraged to obtain subcontracts with hospitals in all GSAs.    

20.2.6 
 Claims for services associated with transplants are paid in accordance with A.A.C. R9-22-712.61(A) and (C), except for inpatient transplant evaluation services which are paid using the APR-DRG payment methodology.
     The Contractor may:      

20.2.7 
 Conduct prepayment, concurrent and post-payment medical reviews of all hospital claims including outlier claims. Erroneously paid claims may be subject to recoupment. If the Contractor fails to identify lack
of medical necessity through prepayment and/or concurrent medical review, lack of medical necessity shall not constitute a basis for recoupment of paid hospital claims, including outlier claims unless the Contractor identifies the lack of medical
necessity through a post-payment medical review of information that the Contractor could not have discovered during a prepayment and/or concurrent medical review through the exercise of due diligence.    

20.2.8 
   The Contractor shall comply with Scope of Work Contract Sections on, Claims Payment System Requirements and
General Claims Processing Requirements.     
      202  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

A Contractor serving out-of-state border communities (except Mexico) is strongly encouraged to establish contractual agreements with the out-of state hospitals in counties that are
identified in ACOM policy 436. The Contractor is also encouraged to obtain subcontracts with all in state hospitals.        

20.2.9 
 For information on Value Based Purchasing Differential Adjusted Payments see the Finance Section on Value-Based Purchasing.    
 AHCCCS may:      

20.2.10 
 Require Contractor to execute a subcontract with a hospital if the number of emergency days at a non-subcontracted hospital becomes significant.    

20.2.11 
 Maricopa and Pima counties Only: The Inpatient Hospital Reimbursement Program is defined in the A.R.S.  36-2905.01, and requires hospital subcontracts to be negotiated between Contractors in Maricopa and Pima
counties to establish reimbursement levels, terms and conditions. Subcontracts shall be negotiated by the Contractor and hospitals to cover operational concerns, such as timeliness of claims submission and payment, payment of discounts or penalties
and legal resolution, which may, as an option, include establishing arbitration procedures. These negotiated subcontracts shall remain under close scrutiny by AHCCCS to insure availability of quality services within specific service districts,
equity of related party interests and reasonableness of rates.        

20.3  
  Management Services Agreements       The Contractor shall:  

20.3.1 
 Have the discretion to subcontract with qualified organizations under a comprehensive management services agreement upon the prior written approval of AHCCCS in conformance with, AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions
and Organizational Structure.        

20.3.2 
 Not delegate or enter into a subcontract or a comprehensive management services agreement to perform key operational functions that are critical for service delivery including integrated health care service delivery,
including, at a minimum:        

20.3.2.5 
 Network and Provider Services contracting and oversight;        

20.3.3 
 Evaluate the performance of a subcontractor for the delivery of management services and submit the Administrative Services Subcontractor Evaluation Report in conformance with Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    

20.3.4 
 Require management services subcontractors to prepare a Business Continuity and Recovery Plan.    
      203  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       
 AHCCCS may:      

20.3.5 
 Perform a review and audit of actual management fees charged or allocations made in management services agreements.        

20.3.6 
 Recoup funds or impose corrective action and financial sanctions if AHCCCS determines the fees or allocations actually paid in management services agreements are unjustified or excessive.    
   
   The Contractor shall submit to AHCCCS for prior approval:  

20.4.1 
 Any mergers, reorganizations or changes in ownership of a management services subcontractor.        

20.4.2 
 Any management services agreements or administrative services subcontracts at least 60 days prior to the subcontract start date as specified in ACOM Policy 438.    

20.5  
  AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions       The Contractor shall include the Minimum
Subcontract Provisions found on the AHCCCS Website at:  https://azahcccs.gov/PlansProviders/NewProviders/minimumsubcontractprovisions.html   
 In addition, each subcontract must contain the following:      

20.5.1 
 Full disclosure of the method and amount of compensation or other consideration to be received by the subcontractor;        

20.5.2 
 Identification of the name and address of the subcontractor;        

20.5.3 
 Identification of the population, to include patient capacity, to be covered by the subcontractor;        

20.5.4 
 The amount, duration and scope of medical services to be provided, and for which compensation will be paid;        

20.5.5 
 The term of the subcontract including beginning and ending dates, methods of extension, termination and re-negotiation;        

20.5.6 
 The specific duties of the subcontractor relating to coordination of benefits and determination of third-party liability;        

20.5.7 
 A provision that the subcontractor agrees to identify Medicare and other third-party liability coverage and to seek such Medicare or third party liability payment before submitting claims to the Contractor;

20.5.8 
 A description of the subcontractor s patient, medical, dental and cost record keeping system;        

20.5.9 
 Specification that the subcontractor shall cooperate with quality management programs, and comply with the utilization control and review procedures specified in, 42 CFR Part 456, as specified in the AMPM;

20.5.10 
 A provision stating that a merger, reorganization or change in ownership of an Administrative Services subcontractor of the Contractor shall require a contract amendment and prior approval of AHCCCS;    

20.5.11 
 A provision that indicates that AHCCCS is responsible for enrollment, re-enrollment and disenrollment of the covered population;    
      204  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.5.12 
 A provision that the subcontractor shall be fully responsible for all tax obligations, Worker s Compensation Insurance, and all other applicable insurance coverage obligations which arise under this subcontract,
for itself and its employees, and that AHCCCS shall have no responsibility or liability for any such taxes or insurance coverage;        

20.5.13 
 A provision that the subcontractor must obtain any necessary authorization from the Contractor or AHCCCS for services provided to eligible and/or enrolled members;    

20.5.14 
 A provision that the subcontractor must comply with encounter reporting and claims submission requirements as described in the subcontract;    

20.5.15 
 Provision(s) that allow the Contractor to suspend, deny, refuse to renew or terminate any subcontractor in accordance with the terms of this contract and applicable law and regulation;    

20.5.16 
 A provision that the subcontractor may provide the member with factual information, but is prohibited from recommending or steering a member in the member s selection of a Contractor; and    

20.5.17 
 A provision that compensation to individuals or entities that conduct utilization management and concurrent review activities is not structured so as to provide incentives for the individual or entity to deny, limit or
discontinue medically necessary services to any enrollee, 42 CFR 438.210(e).        

20.5.18 
 A provision that requires the subcontractor to assist members in understanding their right to file grievances and appeal in conformance with all AHCCCS Grievance and Appeal System and member rights policies.

20.5.19 
 A requirement that the subcontractor shall not arbitrarily deny or reduce the amount, duration, or scope of a required service solely because of the diagnosis, type of illness, or condition of the member, 42 CFR
438.210(a)(3)(ii).        

20.5.20 
 For subcontractors licensed as an inpatient facility, Behavioral Health Residential or HCTC facility, a requirement to comply with Contractor s quality management and medical management programs.    

20.5.21 
 A provision that requires compliance with AHCCCS  and Contractor s quality management programs, medical management programs and shall comply with the utilization control and review procedures in conformance
with, 42 CFR Part 456, and the AHCCCS Medical and Policy Manual.        

20.5.23 
 In the event of a modification to the AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions the Contractor shall issue a notification of the change to its subcontractors within 30 days of the published change and ensure amendment of
affected subcontracts. Affected subcontracts shall be amended on their regular renewal schedule or within six calendar months of the update, whichever comes first. See also ACOM Policy 416.    

20.5.24 
  Administrative Services Subcontracts:  Administrative Services subcontracts shall be submitted to AHCCCS, Division of Health Care Management for prior approval as specified in ACOM Policy 438 and Exhibit-9,
Deliverables. The Contractor shall require Administrative Services Subcontractors to adhere to screening and disclosure requirements as described in the Contract Section on, Corporate Compliance.    
      205  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.5.25 
 AHCCCS will not permit one organization to own or manage more than one contract within the same program in the same GSA.        

20.5.26 
  Provider Agreements:  The Contractor shall not include covenant-not-to-compete requirements in its provider agreements. Specifically, the Contractor shall not contract with a provider and require that the provider
not provide services for any other AHCCCS Contractor. In addition, the Contractor shall not enter into subcontracts that contain compensation terms that discourage providers from serving any specific eligibility category.    

20.5.26.1 
 The Contractor must make reasonable efforts to enter into a written agreement with any provider providing services at the request of the Contractor more than 25 times during the previous contract year and/or are
anticipated to continue providing services for the Contractor. The Contractor must follow ACOM Policy 415 and consider the repeated use of providers operating without a written agreement when assessing the adequacy of its network.    

20.5.27 
 For all subcontracts in which the Contractor and subcontractor have a capitated arrangement/risk sharing arrangement, the following provision must be included verbatim in every contract:    

20.5.27.1 
 If  the Subcontractor  does not bill  the Contractor ,   the subcontractor s  encounter data that is required to be submitted to  the Contractor  pursuant to contract is defined for these
purposes as a  claim for payment .  The Subcontractor s  provision of any service results in a  claim for payment  regardless of whether there is any intention of payment. All said claims shall be subject to review
under any and all fraud and abuse statutes, rules and regulations, including but not limited to Arizona Revised Statute (A.R.S.)   36-2918 and 36-2932.        

20.5.28 
 If the Contractor has a contract for services with a licensed Level I facility or residential facility, the subcontract must include a requirement to accept all referrals from the Contractor.    

20.5.29 
 If the Contractor has a contract for services with a residential facility that serves juveniles, the subcontract must include a requirement to comply with all relevant provisions in A.R.S   36-1201.

20.5.30 
 If the Contractor has a contract for specialty services with a nursing facility or assisted living facility, these contracts must include Work Statements that outline the special services being purchased, including
admission criteria, discharge criteria, staffing ratios (if different from non-specialty units), staff training requirements, program description and other non-clinical services such as increased activities. In the event that a contract is
terminated with a nursing facility or assisted living facility in a GSA with more than one ALTCS Contractor, the Contractor must adhere to the requirements outlined in ACOM Policy 421.    

20.5.31 
 Nursing Facility subcontracts shall include a provision to ensure temporary nursing care registry personnel, including Nurse Aides, are properly certified and licensed before caring for members, in accordance with, 42
CFR 483.75(e) 3 and (g) 2. The provision must also require the subcontractor to ensure these registry personnel are fingerprinted as required by A.R.S.  36-411.    
      206  

SCOPE OF WORK   
  REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY   
  GREATER ARIZONA       

20.6  
  Subcontracting Reporting Requirements       The Contractor shall submit the following related
to Subcontracting:    Annually      

20.6.1 
 Submit the Administrative Services Subcontractor Evaluation Report in accordance with ACOM Policy 438, and as specified in Exhibit-9, Deliverables.    
 Ad Hoc      

20.6.2 
 Within five business days of AHCCCS  request, fully executed copies of all subcontracts.        

20.6.3 
 If at any time during the period of the subcontract, the subcontractor is found to be in non-compliance, the Contractor shall notify AHCCCS as specified in ACOM Policy 438, and Exhibit-9, Deliverables. The Contractor
will submit this in writing and provide the corrective action plan and any measures taken by the Contractor to bring the subcontractor into compliance.    
      207  

EXHIBIT SUMMARY   
 RESERVED  
      208  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS      PART 1.
DEFINITIONS PERTAINING TO ALL AHCCCS CONTRACTS     The definitions specified in Part 1 below refer to terms found in all AHCCCS contracts. The definitions
specified in Part 2 below refer to terms that exist in one or more contracts but do not appear in all contracts.      

638 TRIBAL FACILITY 
    
 A facility that is owned and/or operated by a Federally recognized American Indian/Alaskan Native Tribe and that is authorized to provide services pursuant to Public Law 93-638, as amended. Also referred to as: tribally owned and/or
operated 638 facility, tribally owned and/or operated facility, 638 tribal facility, and tribally-operated 638 health program.  

ACUTE CARE CONTRACTOR 
    
 A contracted managed care organization (also known as a health plan) that provides acute care physical health services to AHCCCS members in the acute care program who are Title XIX or Title XXI eligible. The Acute Care Contractor is
also responsible for providing behavioral health services for its enrolled members who are treated by a Primary Care Provider (PCP) for anxiety, depression, and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Acute Care Contractors are also
responsible for providing behavioral health services for dual eligible adult members with General Mental Health and/or Substance Abuse (GMH/SA) needs.  

ACUTE CARE SERVICES 
    
 Medically necessary services that are covered for AHCCCS members and which are provided through contractual agreements with managed Care Contractors or on a Fee-For-Service (FFS) basis through AHCCCS.  

ADJUDICATED CLAIM 
    
 A claim that has been received and processed by the Contractor which resulted in a payment or denial of payment.  

ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES SUBCONTRACTS 
    
   An agreement that delegates any of the requirements of the contract with AHCCCS, including, but not limited to the following: 
     a.      Claims
processing, including pharmacy claims,     
 b.      Credentialing, including those for only primary source verification (i.e.
Credential  Verification Organization),     
 c.      Management Service Agreements, 
     d.      Service
Level Agreements with any Division or Subsidiary of a corporate parent owner,     
 e.      DDD acute care subcontractors. 
     Providers are not Administrative Services Subcontractors.   

ADULT 
    
 A person 18 years of age or older, unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule, or policies adopted by AHCCCS.  

AGENT 
    
 Any person who has been delegated the authority to obligate or act on behalf of a provider [42 CFR 455.101].  
 
      209  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

AHCCCS CONTRACTOR OPERATIONS MANUAL (ACOM) 
    
 The ACOM provides information related to AHCCCS Contractor operations and is available on the AHCCCS website at www.azahcccs.gov.  

AHCCCS ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION 
    
 The process of determining, through an application and required verification, whether an applicant meets the criteria for Title XIX/XXI funded services.  

AHCCCS MEDICAL POLICY MANUAL (AMPM) 
    
 The AMPM provides information regarding covered health care services and is available on the AHCCCS website at www.azahcccs.gov.  

AHCCCS MEMBER 
    
 See  MEMBER.   

AHCCCS RULES 
    
 See  ARIZONA ADMINISTRATIVE CODE.   

AMBULATORY CARE 
    
 Preventive, diagnostic and treatment services provided on an outpatient basis by physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants and/or other health care providers.  

AMERICAN INDIAN HEALTH PROGRAM (AIHP) 
    
 An acute care Fee-For-Service program administered by AHCCCS for eligible American Indians which reimburses for services provided by and through the Indian Health Service (IHS), tribal health programs operated under 638 or any other
AHCCCS registered provider. AIHP was formerly known as AHCCCS IHS.  

AMERICANS with DISABILITIES ACT (ADA) 
    
 The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability and ensures equal opportunity for persons with disabilities in employment, State and local government services, public accommodations, commercial facilities transportation,
and telecommunications. Refer to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, in 42 U.S.C. 126 and 47 U.S.C. 5.  

APPEAL RESOLUTION 
    
 The written determination by the Contractor concerning an appeal.  

ARIZONA ADMINISTRATIVE CODE (A.A.C.) 
    
 State regulations established pursuant to relevant statutes. Referred to in Contract as  Rules.  AHCCCS Rules are State regulations which have been promulgated by the AHCCCS Administration and published by the Arizona
Secretary of State.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES (ADHS) 
    
 The state agency that has the powers and duties set forth in A.R.S.  36-104 and A.R.S. Title 36, Chapters 5 and 34.  

ARIZONA HEALTH CARE COST CONTAINMENT SYSTEM (AHCCCS) 
    
 Arizona s Medicaid Program, approved by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services as a Section 1115 Waiver Demonstration Program and described in A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 29.  

ARIZONA LONG TERM CARE SYSTEM (ALTCS) 
    
 An AHCCCS program which delivers long-term, acute, behavioral health and case management services as authorized by A.R.S.  36-2931 et seq., to eligible members who are either elderly and/or have physical disabilities, and to
members with developmental disabilities, through contractual agreements and other arrangements.  
 
      210  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

ARIZONA REVISED STATUTES (A.R.S.) 
    
 Laws of the State of Arizona.  

BALANCED BUDGET ACT (BBA) 
    
 See  MEDICAID MANAGED CARE REGULATIONS.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH (BH) 
    
 A mental health and substance use/abuse collectively.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH DISORDER 
    
 Any behavioral, mental health, and/or substance use diagnoses found in the most current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of International Classification of Disorders (DSM) excluding those diagnoses such as mental
retardation, learning disorders and dementia, which are not typically responsive to mental health or substance abuse treatment.  

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL 
    
   As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33, whose scope of practice allows the individual
to:       a.
     Independently engage in the practice of behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.  32-3251; or     
 b.      Except for a licensed substance abuse technician, engage in the practice of
behavioral health as defined in A.R.S.  32-3251 under direct supervision as defined in A.A.C. R4-6-101.;     
 c.      A psychiatrist as defined in A.R.S.  36-501; 
     d.      A
psychologist as defined in A.R.S.  32-2061;     
 e.      A physician; 
     f.         A registered nurse practitioner licensed as an adult psychiatric and mental health nurse; or     
 g.      A behavior analyst as defined in A.R.S.  32-2091; or 
     h.      A
registered nurse.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES 
    
 Physician or practitioner services, nursing services, health-related services, or ancillary services provided to an individual to address the individual s behavioral health issue. See also  COVERED
SERVICES.   

BOARD CERTIFIED 
    
 An individual who has successfully completed all prerequisites of the respective specialty board and successfully passed the required examination for certification and when applicable, requirements for maintenance of
certification.  

BORDER COMMUNITIES 
    
 Cities, towns or municipalities located in Arizona and within a designated geographic service area whose residents typically receive primary or emergency care in adjacent Geographic Service Areas (GSA) or neighboring states,
excluding neighboring countries, due to service availability or distance.  
 
      211  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

CAPITATION 
    
 Payment to a Contractor by AHCCCS of a fixed monthly payment per person in advance, for which the Contractor provides a full range of covered services as authorized under A.R.S.  36-2904 and  36-2907.  

CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERVICES (CMS) 
    
 An organization within the United States Department of Health and Human Services, which administers the Medicare and Medicaid programs and the State Children s Health Insurance Program.  

CHILD 
    
 A person under the age of 18, unless the term is given a different definition by statute, rule or policies adopted by AHCCCS.  

CHILD AND FAMILY TEAM (CFT) 
    
 A defined group of individuals that includes, at a minimum, the child and his or her family, a behavioral health representative, and any individuals important in the child s life that are identified and invited to participate
by the child and family. This may include teachers, extended family members, friends, family support partners, healthcare providers, coaches and community resource providers, representatives from churches, synagogues or mosques, agents from other
service systems like (DCS) Department of Child Safety or the Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). The size, scope and intensity of involvement of the team members are determined by the objectives established for the child, the needs of the
family in providing for the child, and by who is needed to develop an effective service plan, and can therefore expand and contract as necessary to be successful on behalf of the child.  

CHILDREN with SPECIAL HEALTH CARE NEEDS (CSHCN) 
    
 Children under age 19 who are blind, children with disabilities, and related populations (eligible for SSI under Title XVI). Children eligible under section 1902(e)(3) of the Social Security Act (Katie Beckett); in foster care or
other out-of-home placement; receiving foster care or adoption assistance; or receiving services through a family-centered, community-based coordinated care system that receives grant funds under section 501(a)(1)(D) of Title V (CRS).  

CLAIM DISPUTE 
    
 A dispute, filed by a provider or Contractor, whichever is applicable, involving a payment of a claim, denial of a claim, imposition of a sanction or reinsurance.  

CLEAN CLAIM 
    
 A claim that may be processed without obtaining additional information from the provider of service or from a third party but does not include claims under investigation for fraud or abuse or claims under review for medical
necessity, as defined by A.R.S.  36-2904.  

CLIENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (CIS) 
    
 The centralized processing system for files from each TRBHA/RBHA to AHCCCS as well as an informational repository for a variety of BH related reporting. The CIS system includes Member Enrollment and Eligibility, Encounter
processing data, Demographics and SMI determination processes.  

CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS (CFR) 
    
 The general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the departments and agencies of the Federal Government.  

CONTRACT SERVICES 
    
 See  COVERED SERVICES.   
 
      212  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

CONTRACTOR 
    
 An organization or entity that has a prepaid capitated contract with AHCCCS pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2904,  36-2940, or  36-2944 to provide goods and services to members either directly or through subcontracts with
providers, in conformance with contractual requirements, AHCCCS Statute and Rules, and Federal law and regulations.  

CONVICTED 
    
 A judgment of conviction has been entered by a Federal, State or local court, regardless of whether an appeal from that judgment is pending.  

COPAYMENT 
    
 A monetary amount that the member pays directly to a provider at the time covered services are rendered, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7.  

CORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN (CAP) 
    
 A written work plan that identifies the root cause(s) of a deficiency, includes goals and objectives, actions/ tasks to be taken to facilitate an expedient return to compliance, methodologies to be used to accomplish CAP goals and
objectives, and staff responsible to carry out the CAP within established timelines. CAPs are generally used to improve performance of the Contractor and/or its providers, to enhance Quality Management/Process Improvement activities and the outcomes
of the activities, or to resolve a deficiency.  

COST AVOIDANCE 
    
 The process of identifying and utilizing all confirmed sources of first or third-party benefits before payment is made by the Contractor.  

COVERED SERVICES 
    
 The health and medical services to be delivered by the Contractor as described in Section D, Program Requirements or the Scope of Work Section.  

CREDENTIALING 
    
 The process of obtaining, verifying and evaluating information regarding applicable licensure, accreditation, certification, educational and practice requirements to determine whether a provider has the required credentials to
deliver specific covered services to members.  

DAY 
    
 A day means a calendar day unless otherwise specified.  

DAY   BUSINESS/WORKING 
    
 A business day means a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday unless a legal holiday falls on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday.  

DELEGATED AGREEMENT 
    
 A type of subcontract agreement with a qualified organization or person to perform one or more functions required to be performed by the Contractor pursuant to this contract.  

DIVISION OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES (DBHS) 
    
 The state agency that formerly had the duties set forth by the legislature to provide BH services within Arizona.  
 
      213  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY/DIVISION OF DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES (DES/DDD) 
    
 The Division of a State agency, as defined in A.R.S. Title 36, Chapter 5.1, which is responsible for serving eligible Arizona residents with a developmental/intellectual disability. AHCCCS contracts with DES/DDD to serve Medicaid
eligible individuals with a developmental/intellectual disability.  

DISENROLLMENT 
    
 The discontinuance of a member s eligibility to receive covered services through a Contractor.  

DIVISION OF HEALTH CARE MANAGEMENT (DHCM) 
    
 The division responsible for Contractor oversight regarding AHCCCS Contractor operations, quality, maternal and child health, behavioral health, medical management, case management, rate setting, encounters, and
financial/operational oversight.  

DUAL ELIGIBLE 
    
 A member who is eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid.  

DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT (DME) 
    
 Equipment that provides therapeutic benefits; is designed primarily for a medical purpose; is ordered by a physician/provider; is able to withstand repeated use; and is appropriate for use in the home.  

EARLY AND PERIODIC SCREENING, DIAGNOSTIC, AND TREATMENT (EPSDT) 
    
 A comprehensive child health program of prevention, treatment, correction, and improvement of physical and mental health problems for AHCCCS members under the age of 21. The purpose of EPSDT is to ensure the availability and
accessibility of health care resources as well as to assist Medicaid recipients in effectively utilizing these resources. EPSDT services provide comprehensive health care through primary prevention, early intervention, diagnosis, medically necessary
treatment, and follow-up care of physical and behavioral health problems for AHCCCS members less than 21 years of age. EPSDT services include screening services, vision services, dental services, hearing services and all other medically necessary
mandatory and optional services listed in Federal Law 42 U.S.C. 1396d(a) to correct or ameliorate defects and physical and mental illnesses and conditions identified in an EPSDT screening whether or not the services are covered under the AHCCCS
State Plan. Limitations and exclusions, other than the requirement for medical necessity and cost effectiveness, do not apply to EPSDT services.  

EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITION 
    
 A medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (including severe pain) such that a prudent layperson who possesses an average knowledge of health and medicine could reasonably expect the absence of
immediate medical attention to result in: a) placing the patient s health (or, with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child) in serious jeopardy, b)serious impairment to bodily functions, or c) serious
dysfunction of any bodily organ or part [42 CFR 438.114(a)].  
 
      214  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE 
    
 Covered inpatient and outpatient services provided after the sudden onset of an emergency medical condition as defined above. These services must be furnished by a qualified provider, and must be necessary to evaluate or stabilize
the emergency medical condition [42 CFR 438.114(a)].  

ENCOUNTER 
    
 A record of a health care-related service rendered by a provider or providers registered with AHCCCS to a member who is enrolled with a Contractor on the date of service.  

ENROLLEE 
    
 A Medicaid recipient who is currently enrolled with a Contractor [42 CFR 438.10(a)].  

ENROLLMENT 
    
 The process by which an eligible person becomes a member of a Contractor s plan.  

EQUITY PARTNERS 
    
 The sponsoring organizations or parent companies of the managed care organization that share in the returns generated by the organization, both profits and liabilities.  

EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE 
    
 An intervention that is recognized as effective in treating a specific health-related condition based on scientific research; the skill and judgment of care health professionals; and the unique needs, concerns and preferences of the
person receiving services.  

EXHIBITS 
    
 All items attached as part of the solicitation.  

FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION (FFP) 
    
 FFP refers to the contribution that the Federal government makes to the Title XIX and Title XXI program portions of AHCCCS, as defined in 42 CFR 400.203.  

FEE-FOR-SERVICE (FFS) 
    
 A method of payment to an AHCCCS registered provider on an amount-per-service basis for services reimbursed directly by AHCCCS for members not enrolled with a managed care Contractor.  

FEE-FOR-SERVICE MEMBER 
    
 A Title XIX or Title XXI eligible individual who is not enrolled with an AHCCCS Contractor.  

FISCAL AGENT 
    
 A Contractor that processes or pays vendor claims on behalf of the Medicaid agency, 42 CFR 455.101.  

FRAUD 
    
 An intentional deception or misrepresentation made by a person with the knowledge that the deception could result in some unauthorized benefit to himself or some other person. It includes any act that constitutes fraud under
applicable State or Federal law, as defined in 42 CFR 455.2.  

GENERAL MENTAL HEALTH/SUBSTANCE ABUSE (GMH/SA) 
    
 A classification of adult persons age 18 and older who have general behavioral health issues, have not been determined to have a serious mental illness, but are eligible to receive covered behavioral health services.  
 
      215  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

GEOGRAPHIC SERVICE AREA (GSA) 
    
 An area designated by AHCCCS within which a Contractor of record provides, directly or through subcontract, covered health care service to a member enrolled with that Contractor of record, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article
1.  

GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM 
    
 A system that includes a process for enrollee grievances, enrollee appeals, provider claim disputes, and access to the state fair hearing system.  

HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONAL 
    
 A physician, podiatrist, optometrist, chiropractor, psychologist, dentist, physician assistant, physical or occupational therapist, therapist assistant, speech language pathologist, audiologist, registered or practical nurse
(including nurse practitioner, clinical nurse specialist, certified registered nurse anesthetist and certified nurse midwife), licensed social worker, registered respiratory therapist, licensed marriage and family therapist and licensed professional
counselor.  

HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT (HIPAA) 
    
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act; also known as the Kennedy-Kassebaum Act, signed August 21, 1996 as amended and as reflected in the implementing regulations at 45 CFR Parts 160, 162, and 164.  

HEALTH PLAN 
    
 See  CONTRACTOR.   

INCURRED BUT NOT REPORTED LIABILITY (IBNR) 
    
 Incurred but not reported liability for services rendered for which claims have not been received.  

INDIVIDUAL RECOVERY PLAN (FORMERLY KNOWN AS THE INDIVIDUAL SERVICE PLAN) 
    
 See  SERVICE PLAN   

INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES (IHS) 
    
 The operating division within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, responsible for providing medical and public health services to members of federally recognized Tribes and Alaska Natives as outlined in 25 U.S.C.
1661.  

INFORMATION SYSTEMS 
    
 The component of the Offerors organization which supports the Information Systems, whether the systems themselves are internal to the organization (full spectrum of systems staffing), or externally contracted (internal oversight and
support).  
 
      216  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENT (IGA) 
    
 When authorized by legislative or other governing bodies, two or more public agencies or public procurement units by direct contract or agreement may contract for services or jointly exercise any powers common to the contracting
parties and may enter into agreements with one another for joint or cooperative action or may form a separate legal entity, including a nonprofit corporation to contract for or perform some or all of the services specified in the contract or
agreement or exercise those powers jointly held by the contracting parties. A.R.S. Title 11, Chapter 7, Article 3 (A.R.S.  11-952.A).  

LIABLE PARTY 
    
 An individual, entity, or program that is or may be liable to pay all or part of the medical cost of injury, disease or disability of an AHCCCS applicant or member as defined in A.A.C. R9-22-1001.  

LIEN 
    
 A legal claim, filed with the County Recorder s office in which a member resides and in the county an injury was sustained for the purpose of ensuring that AHCCCS receives reimbursement for medical services paid. The lien is
attached to any settlement the member may receive as a result of an injury.  

MAJOR UPGRADE 
    
 Any systems upgrade or changes that may result in a disruption to the following: loading of contracts, providers or members, issuing prior authorizations or the adjudication of claims.  

MANAGED CARE 
    
 Systems that integrate the financing and delivery of health care services to covered individuals by means of arrangements with selected providers to furnish comprehensive services to members; establish explicit criteria for the
selection of health care providers; have financial incentives for members to use providers and procedures associated with the plan; and have formal programs for quality, medical management and the coordination of care.  

MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT 
    
 A type of subcontract with an entity in which the owner of the Contractor delegates all or substantially all management and administrative services necessary for the operation of the Contractor.  

MATERIAL CHANGE TO BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
    
 Any change in overall operations that affects, or can reasonably be foreseen to affect, the Contractor s ability to meet the performance standards as required in contract including, but not limited to, any change that would
impact or is likely to impact more than 5% of total membership and/or provider network in a specific GSA.  

MANAGING EMPLOYEE 
    
 A general manager, business manager, administrator, director, or other individual who exercises operational or managerial control over or who directly or indirectly conducts the day-to-day operation of an institution, organization
or agency [42 CFR 455.101].  

MATERIAL OMISSION 
    
 A fact, data or other information excluded from a report, contract, etc., the absence of which could lead to erroneous conclusions following reasonable review of such report, contract, etc.  
 
      217  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

MEDICAID 
    
 A Federal/State program authorized by Title XIX of the Social Security Act, as amended.  

MEDICAID MANAGED CARE REGULATIONS 
    
 The Federal law mandating, in part, that States ensure the accessibility and delivery of quality health care by their managed care Contractors. These regulations were promulgated pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act (BBA) of
1997.  

MEDICARE 
    
 A Federal program authorized by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as amended.  

MEDICAL MANAGEMENT (MM) 
    
 An integrated process or system that is designed to assure appropriate utilization of health care resources, in the amount and duration necessary to achieve desired health outcomes, across the continuum of care (from prevention to
end of life care).  

MEDICAL RECORDS 
    
 A chronological written account of a patient s examination and treatment that includes the patient s medical history and complaints, the provider s physical findings, behavioral health findings, the results of
diagnostic tests and procedures, medications and therapeutic procedures, referrals and treatment plans.  

MEDICAL SERVICES 
    
 Medical care and treatment provided by a Primary Care Provider (PCP), attending physician or dentist or by a nurse or other health related professional and technical personnel at the direction/order of a licensed physician or
dentist.  

MEDICALLY NECESSARY 
    
 As defined in 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 101. Medically necessary means a covered service provided by a physician or other licensed practitioner of the health arts within the scope of practice under State law to prevent disease, disability
or other adverse conditions or their progression, or prolong life.  

MEDICALLY NECESSARY SERVICES 
    
 Those covered services provided by qualified service providers within the scope of their practice to prevent disease, disability and other adverse health conditions or their progression or to prolong life.  

MEMBER 
    
 An eligible person who is enrolled in AHCCCS, as defined in A.R.S.  36-2931,  36-2901,  36-2901.01 and A.R.S.  36-2981.  

MEMBER INFORMATION MATERIALS 
    
 Any materials given to the Contractor s membership. This includes, but is not limited to: member handbooks, member newsletters, surveys, on hold messages and health related brochures/reminders and videos, form letter templates,
and website content. It also includes the use of other mass communication technology such as e-mail and voice recorded information messages delivered to a member s phone.  

NATIONAL PROVIDER IDENTIFIER (NPI) 
    
 A unique identification number for covered health care providers, assigned by the CMS contracted national enumerator.  
 
      218  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

NON-CONTRACTING PROVIDER 
    
 A person or entity that provides services as prescribed in A.R.S.  36-2901 who does not have a subcontract with an AHCCCS Contractor.  

OFFEROR 
    
 An organization or other entity that submits a proposal to AHCCCS in response to a Request For Proposal as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 1.  

PARENT 
    
 A biological, adoptive, or custodial mother or father of a child, or an individual who has been appointed as a legal guardian or custodian of a child by a court of competent jurisdiction.  

PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT PROJECT (PIP) 
    
 A planned process of data gathering, evaluation and analysis to determine interventions or activities that are projected to have a positive outcome. A PIP includes measuring the impact of the interventions or activities toward
improving the quality of care and service delivery. Formerly referred to as Quality Improvement Projects (QIP).  

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS 
    
 A set of standardized measures designed to assist AHCCCS in evaluating, comparing and improving the performance of its Contractors.  

POSTSTABILIZATION CARE SERVICES 
    
 Medically necessary services, related to an emergency medical condition provided after the member s condition is sufficiently stabilized in order to maintain, improve or resolve the member s condition so that the member
could alternatively be safely discharged or transferred to another location [42 CFR 438.114(a)].  

POTENTIAL ENROLLEE 
    
 A Medicaid-eligible recipient who is not yet enrolled with a Contractor [42 CFR 438.10(a)].  

PREPAID MEDICAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (PMMIS) 
    
 An integrated information infrastructure that supports AHCCCS operations, administrative activities and reporting requirements.  

PREMIUM TAX 
    
 The premium tax is equal to the tax imposed pursuant to A.R.S.  36-2905 and  36-2944.01 for all payments made to Contractors for the contract year.  

PRIMARY CARE PROVIDER (PCP) 
    
 An individual who meets the requirements of A.R.S.  36-2901, and who is responsible for the management of the member s health care. A PCP may be a physician defined as a person licensed as an allopathic or osteopathic
physician according to A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 13 or Chapter 17, or a practitioner defined as a physician assistant licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 25, or a certified nurse practitioner licensed under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 15. The PCP
must be an individual, not a group or association of persons, such as a clinic.  
 
      219  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

PRIMARY PREVENTION 
    
 The focus on methods to reduce, control, eliminate and prevent the incidence or onset of physical or mental health disease through the application of interventions before there is any evidence of disease or injury.  

PRIOR AUTHORIZATION 
    
 Prior authorization is a process used to determine in advance of provision whether or not a prescribed procedure, service, or medication will be covered. The process is intended to act as a safety and cost savings measure.  

PRIOR PERIOD 
    
 See  PRIOR PERIOD COVERAGE.   

PRIOR PERIOD COVERAGE (PPC) 
    
 The period of time prior to the member s enrollment, during which a member is eligible for covered services. The timeframe is from the effective date of eligibility (usually the first day of the month of application) until the
date the member is enrolled with the Contractor. Refer to 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 1. If a member made eligible via the Hospital Presumptive Eligibility (HPE) program is subsequently determined eligible for AHCCCS via the full application process, prior
period coverage for the member will be covered by AHCCCS Fee-For-Service and the member will be enrolled with the Contractor only on a prospective basis.  

PRIOR QUARTER COVERAGE 
    
   The period of time prior to an individual s month of application for AHCCCS coverage, during which a member may be eligible for covered
services. Prior Quarter Coverage is limited to the three month time period prior to the month of application. An applicant may be eligible during any of the three months prior to application if the applicant: 
     1.      Received one or
more covered services described in 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 2 and Article 12, and 9 A.A.C. 28, Article 2 during the month; and     
 2.      Would have qualified for Medicaid at the time services were received if the person
had applied regardless of whether the person is alive when the application is made. Refer to A.A.C. R9-22-303     
 AHCCCS Contractors are not responsible for payment for covered services received during the prior quarter.   

PROGRAM CONTRACTOR 
    
 See  CONTRACTOR   

PROVIDER 
    
 Any person or entity that contracts with AHCCCS or a Contractor for the provision of covered services to members according to the provisions A.R.S.  36-2901 or any subcontractor of a provider delivering services pursuant to
A.R.S.  36-2901.  

PROVIDER GROUP 
    
 Two or more health care professionals who practice their profession at a common location (whether or not they share facilities, supporting staff, or equipment).  
 
      220  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

PRUDENT LAYPERSON     
 (for purposes of determining whether an emergency medical condition exists)  
    
 A person without medical training who relies on the experience, knowledge and judgment of a reasonable person to make a decision regarding whether or not the absence of immediate medical attention will result in: 1) placing the
health of the individual in serious jeopardy, 2) serious impairment to bodily functions, or 3) serious dysfunction of a bodily part or organ.  

QUALIFIED MEDICARE BENEFICIARY DUAL ELIGIBLE (QMB DUAL) 
    
 A person determined eligible under A.A.C. R9-29-101 et seq. for Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB) and eligible for acute care services provided for in A.A.C. R9-22-201 et seq. or ALTCS services provided for in A.A.C. R9-28-201 et
seq. A QMB dual person receiving both Medicare and Medicaid services and cost sharing assistance.  

REFERRAL 
    
 A verbal, written, telephonic, electronic or in-person request for health services.  

REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY (RBHA) 
    
 A Managed Care Organization that has a contract with the administration, the primary purpose of which is to coordinate the delivery of comprehensive mental health services to all eligible persons assigned by the administration to
the managed care organization. Additionally the Managed Care Organization shall coordinate the delivery of comprehensive physical health services to all eligible persons with a serious mental illness enrolled by the administration to the
managed care organization.  

REINSURANCE 
    
 A risk-sharing program provided by AHCCCS to Contractors for the reimbursement of certain contract service costs incurred for a member beyond a predetermined monetary threshold.  

RELATED PARTY 
    
 A party that has, or may have, the ability to control or significantly influence a Contractor, or a party that is, or may be, controlled or significantly influenced by a Contractor.  Related parties  include, but are not
limited to, agents, managing employees, persons with an ownership or controlling interest in the Offeror and their immediate families, subcontractors, wholly-owned subsidiaries or suppliers, parent companies, sister companies, holding companies, and
other entities controlled or managed by any such entities or persons.  

REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) 
    
 A RFP includes all documents, whether attached or incorporated by references that are used by the Administration for soliciting a proposal under 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 6.  

ROOM AND BOARD (or ROOM) 
    
 The amount paid for food and/or shelter. Medicaid funds can be expended for room and board when a person lives in an institutional setting (e.g. NF, ICF). Medicaid funds cannot be expended for room and board when a member resides in
an alternative residential setting (e.g. Assisted Living Home, Behavioral Health Residential Facilities) or an apartment like setting that may provide meals.  

SCOPE OF SERVICES 
    
 See  COVERED SERVICES.   
 
      221  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT 
    
 A type of subcontract with a corporate owner or any of its Divisions or Subsidiaries that requires specific levels of service for administrative functions or services for the Contractor specifically related to fulfilling the
Contractor s obligations to AHCCCS under the terms of this contract.  

SERVICE PLAN 
    
 A complete written description of all covered health services and other informal supports which includes individualized goals, family support services, care coordination activities and strategies to assist the member in achieving an
improved quality of life.  

SPECIAL HEALTH CARE NEEDS 
    
 Serious or chronic physical, developmental and/or behavioral health conditions. Members with special health care needs require medically necessary services of a type or amount beyond that generally required by members.  

SPECIALTY PHYSICIAN 
    
 A physician who is specially trained in a certain branch of medicine related to specific services or procedures, certain age categories of patients, certain body systems, or certain types of diseases.  

STATE 
    
 The State of Arizona.  

STATEWIDE 
    
 Of sufficient scope and breadth to address the health care service needs of members throughout the State of Arizona.  

STATE FISCAL YEAR 
    
 The budget year-State fiscal year: July 1 through June 30.  

STATE PLAN 
    
 The written agreements between the State and CMS, which describes how the AHCCCS program meets CMS requirements for participation in the Medicaid program and the State Children s Health Insurance Program.  

SUBCONTRACT 
    
 An agreement entered into by the Contractor with any of the following: a provider of health care services who agrees to furnish covered services to member; or with any other organization or person who agrees to perform any
administrative function or service for the Contractor specifically related to fulfilling the Contractor s obligations to AHCCCS under the terms of this contract, as defined in 9 A.A.C. 22 Article 1.  

SUBCONTRACTOR 
    
   1. A provider of health care who agrees to furnish covered services to members. 
     2. A person, agency or organization with which the Contractor has contracted or delegated
some of its management/administrative functions or responsibilities.       3. A person,
agency or organization with which a fiscal agent has entered into a contract, agreement, purchase order or lease (or leases of real property) to obtain space, supplies equipment or services provided under the AHCCCS agreement.   

SUBSIDIARY 
    
 An entity owned or controlled by the Contractor.  
 
      222  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS 
    
 A range of conditions that vary in severity over time, from problematic, short-term use/abuse of substances to severe and chronic disorders requiring long-term and sustained treatment and recovery management.  

SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME (SSI) AND SSI RELATED GROUPS 
    
 Eligible individuals receiving income through Federal cash assistance programs under Title XVI of the Social Security Act who are aged, blind or have a disability and have household income levels at or below 100% of the
FPL.  

THIRD PARTY LIABILITY (TPL) 
    
 See  LIABLE PARTY.   

TITLE XIX 
    
 Known as Medicaid, Title XIX of the Social Security Act provides for Federal grants to the states for medical assistance programs. Title XIX enables states to furnish medical assistance to those who have insufficient income and
resources to meet the costs of necessary medical services, rehabilitation and other services, to help those families and individuals become or remain independent and able to care for themselves. Title XIX members include but are not limited to those
eligible under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, Supplemental Security Income (SSI), SSI-related groups, Medicare cost sharing groups, Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment Program and Freedom to Work Program. Which include those populations
42 U.S.C. 1396 a(a)(10)(A).  

TITLE XIX MEMBER 
    
 Title XIX members include those eligible under 1931 provisions of the Social Security Act (previously AFDC), Sixth Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (SOBRA), Supplemental Security Income (SSI) or SSI-related groups, Medicare Cost
Sharing groups, Adult Group at or below 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults  /= 106%), Adult Group above 106% Federal Poverty Level (Adults   106%), Breast and Cervical Cancer Treatment program, Title IV-E Foster Care and Adoption Subsidy,
Young Adult Transitional Insurance, and Freedom to Work.  

TREATMENT 
    
 A procedure or method to cure, improve, or palliate an individual s medical condition or behavioral health issue. Refer to A.A.C. R9-10-101.  

TRIBAL REGIONAL BEHAVIORAL HEALTH AUTHORITY (TRBHA) 
    
 A tribal entity that has an intergovernmental agreement with the administration, the primary purpose of which is to coordinate the delivery of comprehensive mental health services to all eligible persons assigned by the
administration to the tribal entity. Tribal governments, through an agreement with the State, may operate a Tribal Regional Behavioral Health Authority for the provision of behavioral health services to American Indian members. Refer to A.R.S.
 36-3401,  36-3407.  
   [END OF PART 1 DEFINITIONS]  
      223  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       
  PART 2. DEFINITIONS PERTAINING TO ONE OR MORE AHCCCS CONTRACTS       

1931 (also referred to as TANF related) 
    
 Eligible individuals and families under Section 1931 of the Social Security Act, with household income levels at or below 100% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL). See also  TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES
(TANF).   

ABUSE (OF MEMBER) 
    
 Intentional infliction of physical, emotional or mental harm, caused by negligent acts or omissions, unreasonable confinement, sexual abuse or sexual assault as defined by A.R.S.  46-451 and A.R.S.  13-3623.  

ABUSE (BY PROVIDER) 
    
 Provider practices that are inconsistent with sound fiscal, business or medical practices, and result in an unnecessary cost to the AHCCCS program, or in reimbursement for services that are not medically necessary or that fail to
meet professionally recognized standards for health care. It also includes recipient practices that result in unnecessary cost to the AHCCCS program as defined by 42 CFR 455.2.  

ACUTE CARE ONLY (ACO) 
    
 ACO refers to the enrollment status of a member who is otherwise financially and medically eligible for ALTCS but who either 1) refuses HCBS offered by the case manager; 2) has made an uncompensated transfer that makes him or her
ineligible; 3) resides in a setting in which Long Term Care Services cannot be provided; or 4) has equity value in a home that exceeds $552,000. These ALTCS enrolled members are eligible to receive acute medical services but not eligible to
receive LTC institutional, alternative residential or HCBS.  

ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COURTS (AOC) 
    
 The Arizona Constitution authorizes an administrative director and staff to assist the Chief Justice with administrative duties. Under the direction of the Chief Justice, the administrative director and the staff of the
Administrative Office of the Courts (AOC) provide the necessary support for the supervision and administration of all State courts.  

ADULT GROUP ABOVE 106% FEDERAL POVERTY LEVEL (ADULTS   106%) 
    
 Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income above 106% through 133% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

ADULT GROUP AT OR BELOW 106% FEDERAL POVERTY LEVEL     
 (ADULTS  /= 106%)  
    
 Adults aged 19-64, without Medicare, with income at or below 106% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

AGENT 
    
 Any person who has been delegated the authority to obligate or act on behalf of another person or entity.   
      224  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

AID FOR FAMILIES WITH DEPENDENT CHILDREN (AFDC) 
    
 See  TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES (TANF).   

ANNIVERSARY DATE 
    
 The anniversary date is 12 months from the date the member enrolled with the Contractor and annually thereafter. In some cases, the anniversary date will change based on the last date the member changed Contractors or the last date
the member was given an opportunity to change.  

ANNUAL ENROLLMENT CHOICE (AEC) 
    
 The opportunity for a person to change Contractors every 12 months.  

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF CHILD SAFETY (DCS) 
    
   The department established pursuant to A.R.S.  8-451 to protect children and to perform the following: 
     1. Investigate reports of abuse and neglect. 
     2. Assess, promote and support the safety of a child in a safe and stable family or other
appropriate placement in response to allegations of abuse or neglect.       3. Work
cooperatively with law enforcement regarding reports that include criminal conduct allegations.     
 4. Without compromising child safety, coordinate services to achieve and maintain permanency on behalf of the child, strengthen the family and provide
prevention, intervention and treatment services pursuant to this chapter.   

ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF JUVENILE CORRECTION (ADJC) 
    
 The State agency responsible for all juveniles adjudicated as delinquent and committed to its jurisdiction by the county juvenile courts.  

BED HOLD 
    
 A 24 hour per day unit of service that is authorized by an ALTCS member s case manager or the behavioral health case manager or a subcontractor for an acute care member, which may be billed despite the member s absence
from the facility for the purposes of short term hospitalization leave and therapeutic leave. Refer to the Arizona Medicaid State Plan, 42 CFR.   447.40 and 483.12, and 9 A.A.C. 28 for more information on the bed hold service and AMPM
Chapter 100.   
      225  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PARAPROFESSIONAL 
    
   As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual who is not a behavioral health professional who provides behavioral health services at or for
a health care institution according to the health care institution s policies and procedures that:     
 a. If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health care institution, the individual would be required to be licensed
as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33; and       b. Are provided
under supervision by a behavioral health professional.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH RESIDENTIAL FACILITY 
    
   A health care institution that provides continuous treatment to an individual experiencing a behavioral health issue that causes the
individual to:     
 a.      Have a limited or reduced ability to meet the individual s basic physical
needs;       b.         Suffer harm that significantly impairs the individual s judgment, reason, behavior, or capacity to recognize reality;     
 c.      Be a danger to self; 
     d.      Be a danger
to others;     
 e.      Be persistently or acutely disabled as defined in A.R.S.  36-501; or 
     f.         Be gravely disabled.   

BEHAVIORAL HEALTH TECHNICIAN 
    
   As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual who is not a behavioral health professional who provides behavioral health services at or for
a health care institution according to the health care institution s policies and procedures that:     
 a. If the behavioral health services were provided in a setting other than a licensed health care institution, the individual would be required to be licensed
as a behavioral professional under A.R.S. Title 32, Chapter 33; and       b. Are provided
with clinical oversight by a behavioral health professional.   

BREAST AND CERVICAL CANCER TREATMENT PROGRAM (BCCTP) 
    
 Eligible individuals under the Title XIX expansion program for women with income up to 250% of the FPL, who are diagnosed with and need treatment for breast and/or cervical cancer or cervical lesions and are not eligible for other
Title XIX programs providing full Title XIX services. Qualifying individuals cannot have other creditable health insurance coverage, including Medicare.   
      226  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

CARE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM (CMP) 
    
 Activities to identify the top tier of high need/high cost Title XIX members receiving services within an AHCCCS contracted health plan; including the design of clinical interventions or alternative treatments to reduce risk, cost,
and help members achieve better health care outcomes. Care management is an administrative function performed by the health plan. Distinct from case management, Care Managers should not perform the day-to-day duties of service delivery.  

CARE MANAGEMENT 
    
 A group of activities performed by the Contractor to identify and manage clinical interventions or alternative treatments for identified members to reduce risk, cost, and help achieve better health care outcomes. Distinct from case
management, care management does not include the day-to-day duties of service delivery.  

CASE MANAGEMENT 
    
 A collaborative process which assess, plans, implements, coordinates, monitors, and evaluates options and services to meet an individual s health needs through communication and available resources to promote quality,
cost-effective outcomes.  

CASH MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT ACT (CMIA) 
    
 Cash Management Improvement Act of 1990 [31 CFR Part 205]. Provides guidelines for the drawdown and transfer of Federal funds.  

CHILDREN S REHABILITATIVE SERVICES (CRS) 
    
 A program that provides medical treatment, rehabilitation, and related support services to Title XIX and Title XXI members who have completed the CRS application and have met the eligibility criteria to receive CRS-related
services as specified in 9 A.A.C. 22.  

CLIENT ASSESSMENT AND TRACKING SYSTEM (CATS) 
    
 A component of AHCCCS  data management information system that supports ALTCS and that is designed to provide key information to, and receive key information from ALTCS Contractors.  

COMPREHENSIVE MEDICAL AND DENTAL PROGRAM (CMDP) 
    
 A Contractor that is responsible for the provision of covered, medically necessary AHCCCS services for foster children in Arizona. Refer to A.R.S.  8-512.  

COMPETITIVE BID PROCESS 
    
 A state procurement system used to select Contractors to provide covered services on a geographic basis.  

COUNTY OF FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY 
    
 The county of fiscal responsibility is the Arizona county that is responsible for paying the state s funding match for the member s ALTCS Service Package. The county of physical presence (the county in which the member
physically resides) and the county of fiscal responsibility may be the same county or different counties.  

CRS-ELIGIBLE 
    
 An individual AHCCCS member who has completed the CRS application process, as delineated in the CRS Policy and Procedure Manual, and has met all applicable criteria to be eligible to receive CRS-related services as specified in 9
A.A.C. 22.   
      227  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

CRS RECIPIENT 
    
 An individual who has completed the CRS application process, and has met all applicable criteria to be eligible to receive CRS related covered Services.  

DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITY (DD) 
    
   As defined in A.R.S.  36-551, a strongly demonstrated potential that a child under six years of age has a developmental disability or
will become a child with a developmental disability, as determined by a test performed pursuant to section 36-694 or by other appropriate tests, or a severe, chronic disability that: 
     a. Is attributable to cognitive disability, cerebral palsy, epilepsy or autism. 
     b. Is manifested before age eighteen. 
     c. Is likely to continue indefinitely. 
     d. Results in substantial functional limitations in three or more of the following areas
of major life activity:       (i) Self-care. 
     (ii) Receptive and expressive language. 
     (iii) Learning.     
 (iv) Mobility.     
 (v) Self-direction.     
 (vi) Capacity for independent living.     
 (vii) Economic self-sufficiency.     
 e. Reflects the need for a combination and sequence of individually planned or coordinated special, interdisciplinary or generic care, treatment or other
services that are of lifelong or extended duration.   

EPISODE OF CARE 
    
 The period between the beginning of treatment and the ending of covered services for an individual. The beginning and end of an episode of care is marked with a demographic file submission. Over time, an individual may have multiple
episodes of care.  

FAMILY-CENTERED 
    
 Care that recognizes and respects the pivotal role of the family in the lives of members. It supports families in their natural care-giving roles, promotes normal patterns of living, and ensures family collaboration and choice in
the provision of services to the member.   
      228  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

FAMILY OR FAMILY MEMBER 
    
 A biological, adoptive, or custodial mother or father of a child, or an individual who has been appointed as a legal guardian or custodian of a child by a court of competent jurisdiction, or other member representative responsible
for making health care decisions on behalf of the member. Family members may also include siblings, grandparents, aunts and uncles.  

FEDERAL EMERGENCY SERVICES (FES) 
    
 A program delineated in A.A.C. R9-22-217, to treat an emergency condition for a member who is determined eligible under A.R.S.  36-2903.03(D).  

FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTER (FQHC) 
    
 A public or private non-profit health care organization that has been identified by the HRSA and certified by CMS as meeting criteria under Sections 1861(aa)(4) and 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act.  

FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTER LOOK-ALIKE 
    
 A public or private non-profit health care organization that has been identified by the HRSA and certified by CMS as meeting the definition of  health center  under Section 330 of the Public Health Service Act, but does
not receive grant funding under Section 330.  

FIELD CLINIC 
    
 A  clinic  consisting of single specialty health care providers who travel to health care delivery settings closer to members and their families than the Multi-Specialty Interdisciplinary Clinics (MSICs) to provide a
specific set of services including evaluation, monitoring, and treatment for CRS-related conditions on a periodic basis.  

FREEDOM OF CHOICE (FC) 
    
 The opportunity given to each member who does not specify a Contractor preference at the time of enrollment to choose between the Contractors available within the Geographic Service Area (GSA) in which the member is
enrolled.  

HOME 
    
 A residential dwelling that is owned, rented, leased, or occupied at no cost to the member, including a house, a mobile home, an apartment or other similar shelter. A home is not a facility, a setting or an institution, or a portion
and any of these, licensed or certified by a regulatory agency of the state as a defined in A.A.C. R9-28-101.  

HOME AND COMMUNITY BASED SERVICES (HCBS) 
    
 Home and community-based services, as defined in A.R.S.  36-2931 and   36-2939.   

INTEGRATED MEDICAL RECORD 
    
 A single document in which all of the medical information listed in Chapter 900 of the AMPM is recorded to facilitate the coordination and quality of care delivered by multiple providers serving a single patient in multiple
locations and at varying times.   
      229  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

INTERDISCIPLINARY CARE 
    
 A meeting of the interdisciplinary team members or coordination of care among interdisciplinary treatment team members to address the totality of the treatment and service plans for the member based on the most current information
available.  

INTERMEDIATE CARE FACILITY FOR PERSONS WITH INTELLECTUAL DISABILITIES (ICF) 
    
 A placement setting for persons with intellectual disabilities.  

JUVENILE PROBATION OFFICE (JPO) 
    
 An officer within the Arizona Department of Juvenile Corrections assigned to a juvenile upon release from a secure facility. Having close supervision and observation over juvenile s who are ordered to participate in the
intensive probation program including visual contact at least four times per week and weekly contact with the school, employer, community restitution agency or treatment program. (A.R.S.  8-353)  

KIDSCARE 
    
 Federal and State Children s Health Insurance Program (Title XXI   CHIP) administered by AHCCCS. The KidsCare program offers comprehensive medical, preventive, treatment services, and behavioral health care services
statewide to eligible children under the age of 19, in households with income between 133% and 200% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).  

MEDICAL PRACTITIONER 
    
 A physician, physician assistant or registered nurse practitioner.  

MEDICARE MANAGED CARE PLAN 
    
 A managed care entity that has a Medicare contract with CMS to provide services to Medicare beneficiaries, including Medicare Advantage Plan (MAP), Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Plan (MAPDP), MAPDP Special Needs Plan, or
Medicare Prescription Drug Plan.  

MULTI-SPECIALTY INTERDISCIPLINARY CLINIC (MSIC) 
    
 An established facility where specialists from multiple specialties meet with members and their families for the purpose of providing interdisciplinary services to treat members.  

PERSON WITH A DEVELOPMENTAL/ INTELLECTUAL DISABILITY 
    
 An individual who meets the Arizona definition as outlined in A.R.S.  36-551 and is determined eligible for services through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities (DDD). Services for AHCCCS-enrolled acute and long term
care members with developmental/intellectual disabilities are managed through the DES Division of Developmental Disabilities.  

PRE-ADMISSION SCREENING (PAS) 
    
 A process of determining an individual s risk of institutionalization at a NF or ICF level of care as specified in 9 A.A.C. 28 Article 1.  

RATE CODE 
    
 Eligibility classification for capitation payment purposes.   
      230  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

RISK GROUP 
    
 Grouping of rate codes that are paid at the same capitation rate.  

ROSTER BILLING 
    
 Any claim that does not meet the standardized claim requirements of 9 A.A.C. 22, Article 7 is considered roster billing.  

RURAL HEALTH CLINIC (RHC) 
    
 A clinic located in an area designated by the Bureau of Census as rural, and by the Secretary of the DHHS as medically underserved or having an insufficient number of physicians, which meets the requirements under 42 CFR
491.  

SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL (SMI) 
    
 A person 18 years of age or older who has been determined to have a serious mental illness as defined in A.R.S.  36-550.  

SIXTH OMNIBUS BUDGET AND RECONCILIATION ACT (SOBRA) 
    
 Eligible pregnant women under Section 9401 of the Sixth Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1986, amended by the Medicare Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988, 42 U.S.C. 1396(a)(10)(A)(ii)(IX), November 5, 1990, with individually
budgeted incomes at or below 150% of the FPL, and children in families with individually budgeted incomes ranging from below 100% to 140% of the FPL, depending on the age of the child.  

SMI ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION 
    
 The process, after assessment and submission of required documentation to determine, whether a member meets the criteria for Serious Mental Illness.  

STATE CHILDREN S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (SCHIP) 
    
 State Children s Health Insurance Program under Title XXI of the Social Security Act (Also known as CHIP). The Arizona version of CHIP is referred to as  KidsCare.  See also  KIDSCARE.   

STATE ONLY TRANSPLANT MEMBERS 
    
 Individuals who are eligible under one of the Title XIX eligibility categories and found eligible for a transplant, but subsequently lose Title XIX eligibility due to excess income become eligible for one of two extended eligibility
options as specified in A.R.S.  36-2907.10 and A.R.S.  36-2907.11.  

SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
    
   As specified in A.A.C. R9-10-101, an individual s misuse of alcohol or other drug or chemical that: 
     a. Alters the individual s behavior or mental functioning; 
     b. Has the potential to cause the individual to be psychologically or physiologically
dependent on alcohol or other drug or chemical; and       c. Impairs, reduces, or destroys
the individual s social or economic functioning.    
      231  

EXHIBIT-1   
  DEFINITIONS       

TELEMEDICINE 
    
 The practice of health care delivery, diagnosis, consultation and treatment and the transfer of medical data through interactive audio, video or data communications that occur in the physical presence of the patient, including audio
or video communications sent to a health care provider for diagnostic or treatment consultation. Refer to A.R.S.  36-3601.  

TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE TO NEEDY FAMILIES (TANF) 
    
 A Federal cash assistance program under Title IV of the Social Security Act established by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (P.L. 104-193). It replaced Aid To Families With Dependent
Children (AFDC).  

TITLE XXI 
    
 Title XXI of the Social Security Act provides funds to states to enable them to initiate and expand the provision of child health assistance to uninsured, low income children in an effective and efficient manner that is coordinated
with other sources of child health benefits coverage.  

TITLE XXI MEMBER 
    
 Member eligible for acute care services under Title XXI of the Social Security Act, referred to in Federal legislation as the  Children s Health Insurance Program  (CHIP ). The Arizona version of CHIP is referred to
as  KidsCare.   

TREATMENT PLAN 
    
 A written plan of services and therapeutic interventions based on a complete assessment of a member s developmental and health status, strengths and needs that are designed and periodically updated by the multi-specialty,
interdisciplinary team.  

VIRTUAL CLINICS 
    
 Integrated services provided in community settings through the use of innovative strategies for care coordination such as Telemedicine, integrated medical records and virtual interdisciplinary treatment team meetings.  
   [END OF PART 2 DEFINITIONS]  
      232  

EXHIBIT-2   
 RESERVED  
      233  

EXHIBIT-3   
  MEDICARE REQUIREMENT TO COORDINATE CARE FOR DUAL   
  ELIGIBLE SMI MEMBERS       

1.  
  Medicare Participation for Dual Eligible SMI Members       The following will be required as
it relates to the RBHA and Medicare participation: The State will require the RBHA (Contractor) in the Southern region to offer Medicare services to members with SMI by contracting with CMS to be a Medicare Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP)
product or offer a D-SNP product through one of the equity partners in the organization. The Contractor in the Northern region is not required to be a D-SNP but is encouraged to coordinate care with entities serving dual eligible members.  
 D-SNPs that are currently licensed through the Arizona Department of Insurance (ADOI) will need to go through ADOI for any required service
area expansion. D-SNPs that are currently certified by AHCCCS will be allowed to expand service areas through the AHCCCS certification process, even in the case where no other Medicaid contract is held in that service area. AHCCCS will sign a
Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act (MIPPA) Contract as necessary with the awarded RBHA or an equity partner organization.  
 In addition to all requirements in this Contract, the Contractor must meet all Medicare participation requirements as required by CMS and the
State. This may include, but is not limited to, approval of a Medicare application, approval of a formulary consistent with Part D requirements, approval of a medication therapy management program (MTMP), and approval of a unified model of care.
Medicare Advantage plans are required to meet state licensure requirements (42 CFR  422.400 and 42 CFR  422.501(b)(i)).      

2.  
  CMS D-SNP Application Timeline (subject to CMS timeline changes)         
 
      234  

EXHIBIT-4   
 PLACEHOLDER  
      235  

EXHIBIT-5   
 RESERVED  
      236  

EXHIBIT-6   
  ADULT SERVICE DELIVERY SYSTEM-NINE GUIDING PRINCIPLES   
  CONTRACT NO:     The Nine Guiding Principles
below were developed to provide a shared understanding of the key ingredients needed for an adult behavioral health system to promote recovery. System development efforts, programs, service provision, and stakeholder collaboration must be guided by
these principles.      
   Respect is the cornerstone. Meet the person where they are without judgment,
with great patience and compassion.      

2.  
  Persons In Recovery Choose Services And Are Included In Program Decisions And Program Development Efforts     
 A person in recovery has choice and a voice. Their self-determination in driving services, program decisions and program development is made
possible, in part, by the ongoing dynamics of education, discussion, and evaluation, thus creating the  informed consumer  and the broadest possible palette from which choice is made. Persons in recovery should be involved at every level
of the system, from administration to service delivery.      

3.  
  Focus On Individual As A Whole Person, While Including And/Or Developing Natural Supports     
 A person in recovery is held as nothing less than a whole being: capable, competent, and respected for their opinions and choices. As such,
focus is given to empowering the greatest possible autonomy and the most natural and well- rounded lifestyle. This includes access to and involvement in the natural supports and social systems customary to an individual s social community.  

4.  
  Empower Individuals Taking Steps Towards Independence And Allowing Risk Taking Without Fear Of Failure     
 A person in recovery finds independence through exploration, experimentation, evaluation, contemplation and action. An atmosphere is maintained
whereby steps toward independence are encouraged and reinforced in a setting where both security and risk are valued as ingredients promoting growth.      

5.  
  Integration, Collaboration, And Participation With The Community Of One s Choice       A
person in recovery is a valued, contributing member of society and, as such, is deserving of and beneficial to the community. Such integration and participation underscores one s role as a vital part of the community, the community dynamic
being inextricable from the human experience. Community service and volunteerism is valued.      

6.  
  Partnership Between Individuals, Staff, And Family Members/Natural Supports For Shared Decision Making With A Foundation Of Trust     
 A person in recovery, as with any member of a society, finds strength and support through partnerships. Compassion-based alliances with a focus
on recovery optimization bolster self-confidence, expand understanding in all participants, and lead to the creation of optimum protocols and outcomes.      

7.  
  Persons In Recovery Define Their Own Success       A person in recovery   by their own
declaration   discovers success, in part, by quality of life community, and greater self-determination. Persons in recovery are the experts on themselves, defining their own goals and desired outcomes.  
      237  

EXHIBIT-6   
  ADULT SERVICE DELIVERY SYSTEM-NINE GUIDING PRINCIPLES   
  CONTRACT NO:       

8.  
  Strengths-Based, Flexible, Responsive Services Reflective Of An Individual s Cultural Preferences     
 A person in recovery can expect and deserves flexible, timely, and responsive services that are accessible, available, reliable, accountable,
and sensitive to cultural values and mores. A person in recovery is the source of his/her own strength and resiliency. Those who serve as supports and facilitators identify, explore, and serve to optimize demonstrated strengths in the individual as
tools for generating greater autonomy and effectiveness in life.      

9.  
  Hope Is The Foundation For The Journey Towards Recovery       A person in recovery has the
capacity for hope and thrives best in associations that foster hope. Through hope, a future of possibility enriches the life experience and creates the environment for uncommon and unexpected positive outcomes to be made real. A person in recovery
is held as boundless in potential and possibility.  
      238  

EXHIBIT-7   
 Reserved  
      239  

EXHIBIT- 8   
 Reserved  
      240  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES     All deliverables which are
noted to be submitted via SharePoint are to be submitted to the SharePoint Contract Compliance Site at :   http://bhs-compliance.azahcccs.gov . Should AHCCCS modify the submission process for deliverables; AHCCCS shall provide a letter of
instruction to the Contractor outlining changes to the deliverable submission process.      

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

AHCCCS PROCUREMENT OFFICE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Certifications of Insurance 
   
 Within 10 days of notification of contract award and prior to commencement of any services under this contract. 
   
 Terms and Conditions 
   
 N/A 
   
 AHCCCS Procurement Office 
   
 Email notification to AHCCCS Procurement Office  

AHCCCS PROCUREMENT OFFICE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Insurance Material Change 
   
 Within 30 days of discovery 
   
 Terms and Conditions 
   
 N/A 
   
 AHCCCS Procurement Office 
   
 Email notification to AHCCCS Procurement Office  

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Third Party Liability Reporting -Involving Commercial Insurance Payor Sources: TPL Leads File or Via the TPL Referral Web Portal 
   
 Within 10 days of discovery 
   
 Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements 
   
   AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines, 
 ACOM   Policy 434  
   
 AHCCCS ISD or the AHCCCS TPL Contractor (HMS) 
   
 AHCCCS SFTP or the TPL Referral Web Portal:  https://ecenter.hmsy.com/   

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Third Party Liability Reporting - Other Third Party Liability Recoveries: For Determination of a Mass Tort, Total Plan Case or Joint Case 
   
 Within 10 days of discovery 
   
 Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements 
   
   AHCCCS Technical Interface Guidelines, 
 ACOM   Policy 434  
   
 AHCCCS TPL Contractor 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission   
      241  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
   Total Plan Case Settlement Reporting via the Settlement Notification Form 
 (when reporting, Contractors must use the monthly file  or  the ad hoc form)  
   
 Within 10 business days from the settlement date 
   
 Total Plan Case Requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 434 Attachment A  
   
 AHCCCS TPL Management Analyst 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission  

DBF TPL UNIT 
   
 Monthly 
   
   Total Plan Case Settlement Reporting via Monthly File 
 (when reporting, Contractors must use the monthly file  or  the ad hoc form)  
   
 20 th  day of the month 
   
 Total Plan Case Requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 434  
   
 AHCCCS TPL Management Analyst 
   
 Email, Fax, or mail submission  

DHCAA HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITTEE 
   
 Monthly 
   
  Redacted  Report of Each Use of Seclusion/ Restraint Concerning All Enrolled Persons 
   
 15 th  of each month 
   
 Quality Management Reporting Requirements 
   
   AMPM   Policy 960  
   
 DHCAA Human Rights Committee Coordinator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCAA HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITTEE 
   
 Monthly 
   
  Redacted  Seclusion/Restraint Summary Report Concerning all Enrolled Persons 
   
 15 th  of each month 
   
 Quality Management Reporting Requirements 
   
   AMPM   Policy 960  
   
 DHCAA Human Rights Committee Coordinator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Copy of Appeal, Results of an Informal Conference and Notices of Hearing in Appeals concerning a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Upon Occurrence 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 320-R  
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Grievance or Request for Investigation and Grievance/Investigation Decision Letter Concerning a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Upon Occurrence 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 320-R  
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email   
      242  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Notification of a Person in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Within 5 days of meeting criteria 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 320-R  
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Notification of a Person No Longer in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 Within 10 days of no longer meeting criteria 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 320-R  
   
  OHRts@azahcccs.gov  
   
 Secure Email  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Comprehensive Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 10 th  of the month 
   
 Special Assistance 
   
   AMPM   Policy 320-R  
   
    OHRTs@azahcccs.gov    Special Assistance
Field Coordinator  
   
 SharePoint  

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Report of Each Use of Seclusion/Restraint Concerning Persons with Serious Mental Illness 
   
 15th of each month 
   
 Quality Management 
   
   AMPM   Policy 960  
   
 DHCAA Office of Human Rights 
   
   SharePoint   Password Protected   

DHCAA OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Seclusion/Restraint Summary Report Concerning Persons with Serious Mental Illness 
   
 15 th  of each month 
   
 Quality Management 
   
   AMPM   Policy 960  
   
 DHCAA Office of Human Rights 
   
   SharePoint   Password Protected   

DHCAA   OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS  
   
 Monthly 
   
 Updates to Office of Human Rights  Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 10 th  day of the month 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 320-R  
   
    OHRts@azahcccs.gov    Special Assistance
Field Coordinator  
   
 SharePoint  

DHCAA   OFFICE OF HUMAN RIGHTS  
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Updates to Office of Human Rights  Report of Persons Identified as in Need of Special Assistance 
   
 10 th  day of the month following receipt of the AHCCCS OHR quarterly draft report 
   
 Special Assistance for SMI Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 320-R  
   
    OHRts@azahcccs.gov    Special Assistance
Field Coordinator  
   
 SharePoint   
      243  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Actions Reported to the National Provider Data Bank (NPDB) or a Regulatory Board 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Adverse Action Reporting (Including Limitations and Terminations) 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Certificate of Necessity for Pregnancy Termination   Verification of Diagnosis by Contractor for Pregnancy Termination Request 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Communication of Adverse Action to Provider 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Contractor Response to AHCCCS regarding Member Grievances (response to problem resolution) 
   
 Initial 2 to 72 hour response as indicated by complaint urgency 
   
 Grievance and Appeal System Requirements 
   
 NA 
   
 Customer Service/Issue Resolution Team 
   
 Email  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
   Credentialing and   Re-credentialing
Denials  
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
   Quality Management,   Credentialing  
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 HCAC and OPPC 
   
 Upon identification by Contractor 
   
   Quality Management,   Retrospective
Review,   General Requirements  
   
 AMPM Chapter 900; AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected    
      244  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 High Profile Alerts of Incidents, Accidents and Deaths 
   
 Within 24 hours of awareness 
   
 Incident, Accident and Death Reports 
   
   AMPM   Chapter 900  
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Immunization Audit 
   
 As requested by AHCCCS 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Incident, Accident, and Death Reports for Members within specified timeframes into the QMS Portal; additionally, significant and/or potential media-coverage IADs must also be sent directly to Quality Management staff as soon as
the Contractor is aware of the issue 
   
 Within 1 day of awareness 
   
 Incident, Accident, and Death Reports 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   QMS Portal and   Password 
 Protected   email notification to CQM Manager as
appropriate   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Physician Incentives: Contractor-Selected and/or Developed Pay for Performance Initiative 
   
 Prior Approval Required 
   
 Physician Incentive Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Physician Incentives: Contractual Arrangements with Substantial Financial Risk 
   
 45 days prior to implementation of the contract 
   
 Physician Incentive Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 QOC Resolution Report 
   
 Within 72 hours of completion 
   
 Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 QMS Portal with Email to assigned QM Coordinator   
      245  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Court Ordered Treatment Policy 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Medical Management 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Dental Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 EPSDT Annual Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Primary Care Provider Standards 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Integrated Health Care Report 
   
 December 1 st  
   
 Integrated Health Care Service Delivery for SMI Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 910  
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Maternity Care Annual Plan and Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Maternity Care Provider Standards 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Baseline 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Performance Measures 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Re-Measurement 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Performance Measures 
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint   
      246  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually, as part of the annual plan submission 
   
 Performance Improvement Project Reports   Baseline, Interim, Final, and Updates as Requested 
   
 December 15 th  
   
   Quality Management,   Performance
Measures  
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Quality Management Plan, Evaluation, Work Plan and Checklist Evaluation 
   
 December 15 th  
   
   Quality Management,   General
Requirements  
   
   AMPM   Chapter 900  
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
  Bi-Monthly  
   
   Children s Case Manager   Bi-monthly
Inventories  
   
 15 th  day of every other month 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Crisis Call report 
   
 15 days after month end 
   
 Crisis Services General requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 441  
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Pregnancy Termination Report 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Sterilization Report 
   
 30 days after the end of the month 
   
 Quality Management 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
   SharePoint   Password 
 Protected   

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Behavioral Health Utilization   Timeframes for CMDP Members 
   
 45 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint   
      247  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Credentialing Quarterly Report 
   
 30 days after the end of each quarter 
   
   Quality Management,   Credentialing  
   
   AMPM Chapter 400,   AMPM 900  
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 EPSDT Improvement and Adult Quarterly Monitoring Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Primary Care Provider Standards 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 GSA Behavioral Health Performance Measures Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Performance Measures 
   
   AMPM   Chapter 900  
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Key Staff: Staff Primary and Back-Up Contact Information for Urgent Issue Resolution 
   
 30 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 QM Quarterly Report 
   
 45 days after the end of each quarter 
   
   Quality Management   Reporting
Requirements  
   
 AMPM Chapter 900 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
   Semi-   Annually  
   
 Annual Case Review of Behavioral Health Services to Members 
   
   April 15 th  
 October 15 th   
   
 Quality Management Reporting Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Number of pregnant women who are HIV/AIDS positive-Report 
   
 30 days after the reporting periods of: [10/1 through 3/31]   [4/1 through 9/30] 
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 400 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint   
      248  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM CLINICAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
   
 Weekly 
   
 Quality of Care (QOC) Concerns Opened Report 
   
 Tuesday of the following week 
   
 Quality of Care Concerns and Investigations 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Clinical Quality Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Corporate Compliance: CMS Compliance Issues Related to HIPAA Transaction and Code Set Complaints or Sanction 
   
 Immediately upon discovery 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Medical Records or Supporting Documentation 
   
 As specified in the requesting letter 
   
 Medical Records 
   
 AHCCCS Data Validation User Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP Server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Annually 
   
 Security Rule Compliance Report 
   
 June 1 st  
   
 Systems Function and Capacity 
   
   ACOM   Policy 108  
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Corrected Pended Encounter Data 
   
 Monthly, according to established schedule 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Monthly 
   
 New Day Encounter 
   
 Monthly, according to established schedule 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Manager 
   
 FTP Server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Encounter Submission and Tracking 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server   
      249  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Plan Overrides 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Monitoring and OR Reviews 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM DATA ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Plan Voids 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Recoupments 
   
 AHCCCS Encounter Manual 
   
 DHCM Encounter Administrator 
   
 FTP server  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Advances, Loans, Loan Guarantees, Investments or Equity Distributions to Related Parties or Affiliates 
   
 Submit for approval 30 days prior to anticipated date of distribution 
   
 Advances, Equity Distributions, Loans and Investments 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Corporate Cost Allocation Plans and Adjustment in Management Fees 
   
 30 days prior to anticipated effective date 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Anticipated Federal and Arizona State Income Tax Rates (if a tax filing extension was requested) 
   
   April 30 th  of the year following the fee year 
 *Suspended for 4/30/18  
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
   ACOM   Policy 320  
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: No fee due (if Annual Reporting does not apply) 
   
   September 30 th  of each fee year 
 *Suspended for 9/30/17  
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
   ACOM   Policy 320  
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint   
      250  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Automatic Clearing House (ACH) Vendor Authorization Form 
   
 45 days prior to the effective date and commencement of operations 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture and Change in Ownership 
   
   ACOM   Policy 317  
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Performance Bond or Bond Substitute 
   
 30 days after notification from AHCCCS of the required amount or to extend the date, if expired 
   
 Performance Bond 
   
   ACOM   Policy 305  
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint (mail or hand deliver sealed originals)  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Provider Payment Arrangements/Encounter Monitoring 
   
 Upon Request 
   
 Encounters 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Administrative Cost Allocation Plan 
   
 August 1 st  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Reconciliation to Draft Audit 
   
 90 days after contract year end 
   
 Claims and Encounter Submission and Processing Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint   
      251  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Reconciliation to Final Audit 
   
 120 days after contract year end 
   
 Claims and Encounter Submission and Processing Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Related Party Transaction Statement 
   
 120 days after contract year end 
   
 Hospital Subcontracts and Reimbursements 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Community Reinvestment Report 
   
 March 31 st  
   
 Community Reinvestment 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Draft Annual Financial Reporting Package 
   
 90 days after contract year end 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Final Annual Financial Reporting Package 
   
 120 days after contract year end 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint   
      252  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Final Management Letter 
   
 120 days after contract year end 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Federal and State Income Tax Filings 
   
   April 30 th  of the year following the fee year 
 *Suspended for 4/30/18  
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
   ACOM   Policy 320  
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Liability Reporting Template 
   
   September 30 th  of each fee year 
 *Suspended for 9/30/17  
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
   ACOM   Policy 321  
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Insurer Fee: Report of Health Insurance Provider Information (IRS Form 8963) 
   
 September 30 th  of the year following the fee year *Suspended for 9/30/17 
   
 Health Insurer Fee 
   
   ACOM   Policy 320  
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Medicare Report (for Contractors who operate under a D-SNP and are licensed by DOI) 
   
 Medicare Report for the Year Ended December is due by March 31 st  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint   
      253  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Top 20 Providers Audited Financial Statements 
   
 May 31 st  
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide for RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Value Based Purchasing (VBP) Strategies (Final) 
   
 Within 180 days of the end of the measurement year 
   
 Compensation 
   
   ACOM   Policy 322  
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Annually 
   
 Value Based Purchasing (VBP) Strategies Certification (Initial) 
   
 Within 60 days of start of measurement year 
   
 Compensation 
   
   ACOM   Policy 322  
   
 DHCM Finance Manager 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Cost Avoidance Recovery Report 
   
 45 days after the reporting quarter:  (Oct - Dec:  Due Feb 14) (Jan   March: Due May 15) (Apr   June: Due August 14) (July   Sept: Due Nov 14) 
   
 Coordination of Benefits and Third Party Liability Requirements 
   
 AHCCCS Program Integrity Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 FQHC/RHC Member Information 
   
 60 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Federally Qualified Health Centers and Rural Health Clinics 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint   
      254  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Medicare Report (for Contractors who operate under a D-SNP and are licensed by DOI) 
   
   Medicare Report for the Period Ended March is due by May 15 th  
     Medicare Report for the Period Ended June is due by August 15 th        Medicare Report for the Period
Ended September is due by November 15 th   
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Premium Tax Reporting 
   
   March 15 th  
 June 15 th  September 15 th  
 December 15 th   
   
 Financial Reports 
   
   ACOM   Policy 304  
   
 DHCM Finance Program Monitor 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Quarterly Financial Reporting Package 
   
 60 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
 AHCCCS Financial Reporting Guide For RBHA Contractors 
   
 DHCM Financial Consultant 
   
 SharePoint   
      255  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM FINANCE 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Verification of Receipt of Paid Services 
   
 15 th  day after the end of the quarter that follows the reporting quarter  (Oct-Dec:  Due April 15)(Jan-March: Due  July 15)(April-June:  Due Oct 15) (July  Sept: Due Jan 15) 
   
 Financial Reports 
   
   ACOM   Policy 424  
   
 DHCM Program Compliance Auditor 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 PASRR Packet Including Invoice 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Pre-Admission Screening and Resident Review Requirements 
   
   AMPM   Chapter 1200,  1220-C   
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 HIV Specialty Provider List 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 MM Plan, Evaluation and Work Plan 
   
 December 15 th  
   
   Medical Management,   General
Requirements  
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Adult and Children s ED Wait Times 
   
 10 th  of each month for the prior month 
   
 Medical Management 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Out of State Placements 
   
 The first working day of each month 
   
 Medical Management 
   
 AMPM Policy 450 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint   
      256  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Outpatient Commitment COT Monitoring 
   
 15 days after month end 
   
 Collaboration with System Stakeholders 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Quarterly Inpatient Hospital Showings Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
   Medical Management,   General
Requirements  
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Transplant Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
   Physical Health Care Covered 
 Services  
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Emergency Department Diversion Summary 
   
   October 15 th  
 April 15 th   
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1020 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 High Need/High Cost Coordination Summary 
   
   January 15 th  
 July 15 th   
   
 Physical Health Care Covered Services 
   
 AMPM Chapter 1000 
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM MEDICAL MANAGEMENT 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Pharmacy and/or Prescriber-Member Assignment Report 
   
   April 15 th  
 October 15 th   
   
 Drug Utilization Review 
   
   AMPM   Policy 310-FF  
   
 DHCM Medical Management Unit 
   
 Sharepoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontractor Non-Compliance Reporting 
   
 Within 30 days of discovery 
   
 Subcontracting Reporting Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontracts 
   
 60 days prior to the beginning date of the subcontract 
   
 Subcontracting Reporting Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      257  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 AHCCCS Required Survey Results 
   
 45 days after completion 
   
 Surveys 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Appointment Availability Review Methods 
   
 30 days prior to implementation of the proposed method 
   
 Appointments 
   
   ACOM   Policy 417  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Claim Recoupments  12 Months from Original Payment 
   
 Upon identification by Contractor 
   
 Recoupments 
   
   ACOM   Policy 412  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Data Processes for Recoupments 
   
 120 days from receipt of approval 
   
 Recoupments 
   
   ACOM   Policy 412  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Final Survey Tool 
   
 90 days prior to the intended start date 
   
 Surveys 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Health Promotion Materials 
   
 21 days prior to dissemination 
   
 Health Promotion 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Marketing Committee 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 ID Cards requiring AHCCCS Approval 
   
 30 days prior to dissemination 
   
 ID Cards for SMI Members Receiving Physical Health Care Services 
   
   ACOM   Policy 433  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      258  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Independent Audits of Claims Payment/Health Information Systems 
   
 Upon request by AHCCCS 
   
 Information Systems and Data Exchange Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Key Staff: Key Position Change 
   
 Within 7 days of learning of resignation 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Key Staff: Notification of Moving Functions Out of State 
   
 60 days prior to proposed change 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Marketing Materials for Dual Eligible SMI Members 
   
 21 days prior to dissemination 
   
 Care Coordination for Dual Eligible SMI Members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Marketing Committee 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Material Change to Business Operations 
   
 60 days prior to expected implementation of the change 
   
 Material Change to Business Operations 
   
   ACOM   Policy 439  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Member Handbook (Final Approved Version) 
   
 On or before the start of the contract year 
   
 Member Handbook 
   
   ACOM   Policy 404  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Member Information Materials 
   
 15 days prior to release 
   
 Member Information 
   
   ACOM   Policy 404  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      259  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Non-AHCCCS Required Survey Notification and Results 
   
   Notification:   15 days prior to conducting
the survey. Results: 45 days after the completion  
   
 Surveys 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Material Changes to Provider Network 
   
 60 days prior to expected implementation of the change 
   
 Material Change to Business Operations 
   
   ACOM   Policy 439  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Performance Improvement Plans for System of Care Based on CFT Findings 
   
 Due 30 days after agency receives feedback as result of review 
   
 B/H Health Services for Child Members 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Notification 
   
 180 days prior to the effective date 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership 
   
   ACOM   Policy 317  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Transition Plan Final Documents 
   
 Within 120 days of the completed merger, acquisition, reorganization, joint venture, or change of ownership 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership 
   
   ACOM   Policy 317  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      260  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Proposed Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership: Transition Plan Initial Documents 
   
 90 days prior to the effective date 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change in Ownership 
   
   ACOM   Policy 317  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Provider Advances and Loans 
   
 10 days prior to disbursement of funds 
   
 Advances, Equity Distributions, Loans and Investments 
   
   ACOM   Policy 418  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Single Claim Recoupments  $50,000 
   
 30 days prior to initiating the recoupment, or earlier if the information is available 
   
 Recoupments 
   
   ACOM   Policy 412  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 System Change Plan 
   
 Six months prior to expected implementation 
   
 System Upgrade Plan 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Tribal Liaison Report 
   
   First submission November 1 st  
 Ad Hoc thereafter  
   
 Organizational Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Unexpected Material Changes to the Provider Network 
   
 Within 1 business day 
   
 Material Changes to Business Operations 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      261  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Value Based Providers/Centers of Excellence Report 
   
 December 31 
   
 Centers of Excellence 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Administrative Services Subcontractor Evaluation Report 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year 
   
 AHCCCS Minimum Subcontract Provisions 
   
   ACOM   Policy 404  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual System of Care Plan 
   
 October 1 st  
   
 General Requirements for System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Annual Website Certification 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Website Requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 404  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Business Continuity/Recovery Plan Summary 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Business Continuity and Recovery Plan 
   
   ACOM   Policy 104  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Copy of each Collaborative Protocol with State/County Agencies 
   
 December 31 st  
   
 Collaboration with System Stakeholders 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Cultural Competency Plan Assessment 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Cultural Competency General Requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 405  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      262  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Health Promotion Plan 
   
 30 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Health Promotion 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Functional Organization Chart 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Listing of All Key Staff 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Key Staff: Organization Chart 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Key Staff 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Advisory Council Plan 
   
 December 15 th  
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members 
   
   ACOM   Policy 449  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Handbook 
   
 August 1 st  and 30 days prior to any changes 
   
 Member Handbook 
   
   ACOM   Policy 404  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Member Information Attestation Statement 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Member information 
   
   ACOM   Policy 404  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Provider Network Development and Management Plan 
   
 45 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Network Development 
   
   ACOM   Policy 415  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      263  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Administrator (Name and Contact Information) 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year and within 30 days of any changes 
   
 Social Network Requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 425  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Applications Listing with URLs 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year and within 30 days of any changes 
   
 Social Network Requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 425  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Social Networking Attestation 
   
 Within 90 days of the start of the contract year 
   
 Social Network Requirements 
   
   ACOM   Policy 425  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Claims Dashboard 
   
 15 th  day of the month following the reporting period 
   
 Claims System Reporting 
   
 AHCCCS Claims Dashboard Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 DCS   Adopted Children Services Reporting: Calls and Reconciliation 
   
 30 th  day after the reporting month 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members 
   
   ACOM   Policy 449  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 DCS   Adopted Children Services Reporting:Rapid Response Monthly Reconciliation Report 
   
 30 th  of the month 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child members 
   
   ACOM   Policy 449  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      264  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Monthly 
   
 Grievance and Appeal System Report 
   
 First day of the 2 nd  month following the month being reported 
   
 Member Grievances 
   
 AHCCCS Grievance and Appeal System Reporting Guide 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Appointment Availability Review 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Appointments 
   
   ACOM   Policy 417  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Community Collaborative Care Teams (CCCT) Report 
   
 45 th  day following the end of the quarter 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Adult and Child Members 
   
   AMPM   Policy 570  
   
 DHCM System of Care Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 DCS   Adopted Children Services Reporting: Access to Services 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Behavioral Health Services for Child Members 
   
   ACOM   Policy 449  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Grievance and Complaint Report Serious Mental Illness Data 
   
 15 days after the end of the quarter 
   
 Grievance and Appeal System Requirements 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Minimum Network Requirements Verification Template 
   
   October 15 th  
 January 15 th  
 April 15 th  
 July 15 th   
   
 Network Development 
   
   ACOM   Policy 436  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      265  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Provider Affiliation Transmission (PAT) 
   
   October 15 th  
 January 15 th  
 April 15 th  
 July 15 th   
   
 Provider Affiliation Transmission 
   
 AHCCCS Provider Affiliation Transmission Manual 
   
 DHCM Operations Executive Staff Assistant 
   
 FTP server with Email Notification  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Provider/Network Changes Due to Rates Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Network Management 
   
   ACOM   Policy 415, Attachment D and Attachment
E  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Psychiatric Rehabilitation Progress Report 
   
 15 days after quarter end 
   
 Psychiatric Rehabilitative Services-Peer Support 
   
 N/A 
   
 Employment Administrator 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Single Case Agreement (SCA) Utilization 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 Out of Network Providers 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM Network 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 System of Care Plan Status Update Report 
   
 15 days after the end of each quarter 
   
 General Requirements for System of Care 
   
 N/A 
   
 DHCM System of Care 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Telephone Performance Measures 
   
 15 th  day of the month following the reporting quarter 
   
 Administrative Performance Standards 
   
   ACOM   Policy 435  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint  

DHCM OPERATIONS 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Member Newsletter 
   
 30 days prior to intended publication date 
   
 Member Information 
   
   ACOM   Policy 404  
   
 DHCM Operations and Compliance Officer 
   
 SharePoint   
      266  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

DMS, MEMBER DATABASE MANAGEMENT 
 ADMINISTRATION  
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 AHCCCS Notification to Waive Medicare Part D Co-Payments 
   
 Immediately upon identification 
   
 Sanctions 
   
   ACOM   Policy 201  
   
 AHCCCS, Member Database Management Administration (MDMA) 
   
   Fax:   602-253-4807   

OFFICE OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Workforce (Training) Development Plan 
   
 October 15 th  
   
   Administrative Requirement,   Training Program
Requirements  
   
   AMPM   Policy 1060  
   
 Administrator, Office of Behavioral Health Workforce Development 
   
 Upload to Relias, with notification submitted via SharePoint  

OFFICE OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
   
 Annually 
   
 Training Cirriculum 
   
 October 15 th  
   
   Administrative Requirement,   Training Program
Requirements  
   
   AMPM   Policy 1060  
   
 Administrator, Office of Behavioral Health Workforce Development 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Workforce (Training) Development Report 
   
 15 days after the quarter end 
   
   AdministrativeRequirement   Training Program
Requirements  
   
   AMPM   Policy 1060  
   
 Administrator, Office of Behavioral Health Workforce Development 
   
 Upload to Relias, with notification submitted via SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INDIVIDUAL AND FAMILY AFFAIRS 
   
 Annually 
   
 Community Resource Guide 
   
 30 days after contract start 
   
 Peer Involvement and Participation 
   
 N/A 
   
 Office of Individual and Family Affairs 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INDIVIDUAL AND FAMILY AFFAIRS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 Roster of Peer and Family Committee Members 
   
 15 days after quarter end 
   
 Peer Involvement and Participation 
   
 N/A 
   
 Office of Individual and Family Affairs 
   
 SharePoint   
      267  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

OFFICE OF INDIVIDUAL AND FAMILY AFFAIRS 
   
 Quarterly 
   
 RSS Involvement in service delivery for person with SMI/GMH/SA 
   
 15 days after quarter end 
   
 Behavioral Health Service Delivery Approach 
   
 N/A 
   
 Office of Individual and Family Affairs 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Exclusions Identified Regarding Persons Convicted of a Crime 
   
 Immediately upon discovery 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
   ACOM   Policy 103  
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Merger, Acquisition, Reorganization, Joint Venture, and Change of Ownership: Disclosure of Ownership and Control and Disclosure of Information on Persons Convicted of a Crime Information 
   
 45 days prior to the effective date and commencement of operations 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
   ACOM   Policy 103  
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Ad Hoc 
   
 Report Alleged Fraud/Waste/Abuse of the AHCCCS Program 
   
 Immediately upon identification 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
   ACOM   Policy 103  
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance Program Plan 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
   ACOM   Policy 103  
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint   
      268  

EXHIBIT-9   
  DELIVERABLES       

Area   
   
    Time  
  frame   
   
    Report   
   
    When Due   
   
    Contract  
  Section   
   
    Reference/  
  Policy   
   
    Sent To   
   
    Submitted Via    

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Annually 
   
 Attestation of Disclosure Information of: Ownership   Control and Persons Convicted of a Crime 
   
 15 days after the start of the contract year 
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
   ACOM   Policy 103  
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance: Executive Audit Summary 
   
   July 15 th  
 January 15 th   
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
   ACOM   Policy 103  
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint  

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
   
 Semi-Annually 
   
 Corporate Compliance: External Auditing Schedule 
   
   April 15 th  
 October 15 th   
   
 Corporate Compliance 
   
   ACOM   Policy 103  
   
 Office of Inspector General Performance Improvement and Audits 
   
 SharePoint  
 
      269  

EXHIBIT-10   
  Greater Arizona ZIP CODES      NORTH

270  

EXHIBIT-10   
  Greater Arizona ZIP CODES       

271  

EXHIBIT-11   
  CAPITATION RATES AND CONTRACTOR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS   
  EXHIBIT-11: CAPITATION RATES AND CONTRACTOR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS   
 The Contractor shall provide services as described in this contract. In consideration for these services, the Contractor will be paid Contractor-specific
rates per member per month for the period October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017 unless otherwise modified by contract amendment.  
   Capitation Rates  : See Contractor specific Exhibit-11  
   Contractor Specific Requirements  : See Contractor specific Exhibit-11  
      272  

EXHIBIT-11   
         
 The Contractor shall provide services as described in this contract. In consideration for these services, the Contractor will be paid Contractor-specific
rates per member per month for the term October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017 unless otherwise modified by contract amendment.  
  HEALTH CHOICE INTEGRATED CARE (HCIC)   
   Capitation Rates  :  10/01/2016 to 09/30/2017       

Title XIX eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing covered
behavioral health services to children), not enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 41.43 

Title XIX eligible children, under the age of 18 (represents the cost of providing covered
behavioral health services to children), enrolled in CMDP:  
    
 $ 
 1,264.98 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members without serious mental illness):  
    
 $ 
 39.56 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are not receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 611.68 

Title XIX eligible adults, age 18 and older (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral
health services to adult members with serious mental illness, who are receiving physical health services under this contract):  
    
 $ 
 1,708.04 

Title XXI eligible children (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral health services
to TXXI children):  
    
 $ 
 41.43 

Title XXI eligible adults (represents the cost of providing covered behavioral health services to
TXXI adults):  
    
 $ 
 39.56 

DES DD ALTCS eligible children representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health
services to DES DD ALTCS children:  
    
 $ 
 297.97 

DES DD ALTCS eligible adults representing the cost of providing covered behavioral health services
to DES DD ALTCS adults:  
    
 $ 
 156.18 
     
     Contractor Specific Requirements  :  
   Geographic Service Areas  : The Contractor serves eligible members in Greater Arizona in the following Geographic Service Areas (GSAs) and
counties:      
    Contract Exhibit-11   
  Health Choice Integrated Care   
  October 1, 2016      Amendment
2   
      273  

EXHIBIT-11   

Zip Code Alignment  : Zip codes 85542, 85192, and 85550 were moved from the GSA which
includes Gila County and assigned to the GSA which includes Graham County. As part of the Greater AZ Integrated RBHA implementation effective October 1, 2015, this move occurred to align tribal members from a single tribe into a single
RBHA. This change was implemented for this contract as well in order to keep zip code assignment consistent between AHCCCS lines of business.  
       Contract Exhibit-11
     Health Choice Integrated Care   
  October 1, 2016      Amendment
2     274  

EXHIBIT-12   
  PLACEHOLDER   
      275  

EXHIBIT-13   
  RESERVED   
      276  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS     The
Contractor shall have a written policy delineating its Grievance and Appeal System which shall be in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies, including, but not limited to 42 CFR Part 438 Subpart F. The Contractor
shall furnish Grievance and Appeal System information to enrollees no later than 12 days after the Contractor receives notice of the enrollment and annually thereafter. The Contractor shall also provide this information to all providers and
subcontractors at the time of contract. Additionally, the Contractor shall provide written notification of any significant change in this policy at least 30 days before the intended effective date of the change.  
 The written information provided to enrollees describing the Grievance and Appeal System including the grievance process, the appeals process, enrollee
rights, the Grievance and Appeal System requirements and timeframes, shall be in each prevalent non-English language occurring within the Contractor s service area and in an easily understood language and format.  
 Written documents, including but not limited to, the Notice of Action, the Notice of Extension of Notice of Action, the Notice of Appeal Resolution and Notice
of Extension for Resolution, shall contain information in the prevalent non-English language(s), prominently displayed in large bold print on the first page of the document. The information shall advise the enrollee that written documents are
available in the prevalent non-English language(s) and in alternative formats along with an explanation of how enrollees may obtain this written information in the prevalent non-English language(s) and alternative formats. However, if prior to
issuing a document in English, the Contractor receives information orally or in writing that the enrollee has a limited English proficiency in a prevalent non-English language, the Contractor shall translate the document in the applicable prevalent
non-English language before providing it to the enrollee.    The Contractor shall also inform enrollees that oral interpretation services are available in
any language and alternative communication formats are available for enrollees who have hearing or vision impairment.      For additional information
regarding the enrollee Notice of Action process, the Contractor should refer to ACOM Policy 414 and 42 CFR Part 438.  Failure to comply with any of these provisions may result in an imposition of sanctions.   
 At a minimum, the Contractor s Grievance and Appeal System Standards and Policy shall specify:  

1. 
 That the Contractor shall maintain records of all grievances, appeals and requests for hearing.        

2. 
 That the Contractor has a mechanism for tracking receipt, acknowledgement, investigation and resolution of grievances, appeals and requests for hearing within the required timeframes.    

3. 
 Information explaining the grievance, appeal, and fair hearing procedures and timeframes. This information shall include a description of the circumstances when there is a right to a hearing, the method for obtaining a
hearing, the requirements which govern representation at the hearing, the right to file grievances and appeals and the requirements and timeframes for filing a grievance, appeal, or request for hearing.    

4. 
 The availability of assistance in the filing process and the Contractor s toll-free numbers that an enrollee can use to file a grievance or appeal by phone.    

5. 
 That the Contractor shall acknowledge receipt of each grievance and appeal. For grievances, the Contractor is not required to acknowledge receipt of the Grievance in writing, however, if the enrollee requests written
acknowledgement, the acknowledgement must be made within five business days of receipt of the request. For Appeals, the Contractor shall acknowledge receipt of standard appeals in writing within five business days of receipt and within one business
day of receipt of expedited appeals.    
      277  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS       

6. 
 That the Contractor shall permit both oral and written appeals and grievances and that oral inquiries appealing an action are treated as appeals.    

7. 
 The definition of action [42 CFR 438.400(b)] and that an enrollee, or their designated representative, may file an appeal of an action taken by the Contractor. Actions include:    

a. 
 Denial or limited authorization of a requested service, including the type or level of service;        

b. 
 Reduction, suspension, or termination of a previously authorized service;        

c. 
 Denial, in whole or in part, of payment for a service;        

d. 
 Failure to provide services in a timely manner, as defined by the State;        

e. 
 Failure to act within the timeframes provided in 42 CFR 438.408(b) required for standard and expedited resolution of appeals and standard disposition of grievances; or    

f. 
 Denial of a rural enrollee s request to obtain services outside the Contractor s network under 42 CFR 438.52(b)(2)(ii), when the Contractor is the only Contractor in the rural area.    

9. 
 That the Contractor shall ensure that individuals who make decisions regarding grievances and appeals are individuals not involved in any previous level of review or decision making and that individuals who make
decisions regarding: 1) appeals of denials based on lack of medical necessity, 2) a grievance regarding denial of expedited resolution of an appeal or 3) grievances or appeals involving clinical issues are health care professionals as defined in 42
CFR 438.2 with the appropriate clinical expertise in treating the enrollee s condition or disease.        

10. 
 The definition of grievance as a member s expression of dissatisfaction with any aspect of their care, other than the appeal of actions. There are no time limits for filing an enrollee grievance.    

11. 
 That an enrollee must file a grievance with the Contractor and that the enrollee is not permitted to file a grievance directly with AHCCCS.    

12. 
 That the Contractor shall not delegate the Grievance and Appeal System requirements to its providers.        

13. 
 That the Contractor shall address identified issues as expeditiously as the person s condition requires and must resolve each grievance within 10 business days of receipt, absent extraordinary circumstances.
However, no grievances shall exceed 90 days for resolution. Contractor decisions on enrollee grievances cannot be appealed.        

14. 
 That the Contractor responds in writing, if an enrollee requests a written explanation of the resolution, and the response must be mailed within 10 business days of resolution of the grievance.    

15. 
 That an enrollee shall be given 60 days from the date of the Contractor s Notice of Action to file an appeal.        

16. 
 Information explaining that a provider acting on behalf of an enrollee and with the enrollee s written consent, may file an appeal.    

17. 
 That the Contractor include, as parties to the appeal, the enrollee, the enrollee s legal representative, or the legal representative of a deceased enrollee s estate.    

18. 
 That the Contractor must ensure that punitive action is not taken against a provider who either requests an expedited resolution or supports an enrollee s appeal.    

19. 
 The resolution timeframes for standard appeals and expedited appeals may be extended up to 14 days if the enrollee requests the extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional information and that the
delay is in the enrollee s interest.    
      278  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS       

20. 
 That if the Contractor extends the timeframe for resolution of an appeal when not requested by the enrollee, the Contractor shall provide the enrollee with written notice of the reason for the delay.    

21. 
 The definition of a service authorization request as an enrollee s request for the provision of a service [42 CFR 431.201].        

22. 
 The definition of a standard authorization request. For standard authorization decisions, the Contractor must provide a Notice of Action to the enrollee as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires,
but not later than 14 days following the receipt of the authorization request with a possible extension of up to 14 days if the enrollee or provider requests an extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional information and delay
is in the enrollee s best interest [42 CFR 438.210(d)(1)]. The Notice of Action must comply with the advance notice requirements when there is a termination or reduction of a previously authorized service OR when there is a denial of an
authorization request and the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment is a necessary continuation of a previously authorized service.        

23. 
 The definition of an expedited authorization request. For expedited authorization decisions, the Contractor must provide a Notice of Action to the enrollee as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition
requires, but not later than three business days following the receipt of the authorization request with a possible extension of up to 14 days if the enrollee or provider requests an extension or if the Contractor establishes a need for additional
information and delay is in the enrollee s interest [42 CFR 438.210(d)(2)].        

24. 
 That the Notice of Action for a service authorization decision not made within the standard or expedited timeframes, whichever is applicable, will be made on the date that the timeframes expire. If the Contractor
extends the timeframe to make a standard or expedited authorization decision, the Contractor must give the enrollee written notice of the reason to extend the timeframe and inform the enrollee of the right to file a grievance if the enrollee
disagrees with the decision. The Contractor must issue and carry out its decision as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires and no later than the date the extension expires.    

25. 
 That the Contractor shall notify the requesting provider of the decision to deny or reduce a service authorization request. The notice to the provider must be written.    

26. 
 That the Contractor shall mail a Notice of Action: 1) at least 10 days before the date of a termination, suspension or reduction of previously authorized AHCCCS services, except as provided in (a)-(e) below; 2) at
least five days before the date of action in the case of suspected fraud; 3) at the time of any action affecting the claim when there has been a denial of payment for a service, in whole or in part; 4) within 14 days from receipt of a standard
service authorization request and within three business days from receipt of an expedited service authorization request, unless an extension is in effect. For service authorization decisions, the Contractor shall also ensure that the Notice of
Action provides the enrollee with advance notice and the right to request continued benefits for all terminations and reductions of a previously authorized service and for denials when the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment which
has been denied is a necessary continuation of a previously authorized service. As described below, the Contractor may elect to mail a Notice of Action no later than the date of action when:    
 The Contractor receives notification of the death of an enrollee      

a. 
 The enrollee signs a written statement requesting service termination or gives information requiring termination or reduction of services (which indicates understanding that the termination or reduction will be the
result of supplying that information)        

b. 
 The enrollee is admitted to an institution where he is ineligible for further services        

c. 
 The enrollee s address is unknown and mail directed to the enrollee has no forwarding address        

d. 
 The enrollee has been accepted for Medicaid in another local jurisdiction        

27. 
   That the Notice of Action must explain: 1) the action the Contractor has taken or intends to take, 2) the reasons
for the action, 3) the enrollee s right to file an appeal with the Contractor, 4) the procedures for exercising these rights, 5) circumstances when expedited resolution is available and how to request it and 6)
    
      279  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS       

the enrollee s right to receive continued benefits pending resolution of the appeal, how to request continued benefits and the circumstances under which the enrollee may be required to pay
for the cost of these services. The Notice of Action shall comply with ACOM Policy 414.        

28. 
 The definition of a standard appeal and that the Contractor shall resolve standard appeals no later than 30 days from the date of receipt of the appeal unless an extension is in effect. If a Notice of Appeal Resolution
is not completed when the timeframe expires, the member s appeal shall be considered to be denied by the Contractor, and the member can file a request for hearing.    

29. 
 The definition of an expedited appeal and that the Contractor shall resolve all expedited appeals no later than three business days from the date the Contractor receives the appeal (unless an extension is in effect)
where the Contractor determines (for a request from the enrollee), or the provider (in making the request on the enrollee s behalf indicates) that the standard resolution timeframe could seriously jeopardize the enrollee s life or health
or ability to attain, maintain or regain maximum function. The Contractor shall make reasonable efforts to provide oral notice to an enrollee regarding an expedited resolution appeal. If a Notice of Appeal Resolution is not completed when the
timeframe expires, the member s appeal shall be considered to be denied by the Contractor, and the member can file a request for hearing.        

30. 
 That if the Contractor denies a request for expedited resolution; it must transfer the appeal to the 30-day timeframe for a standard appeal. The Contractor must make reasonable efforts to give the enrollee prompt oral
notice and follow-up within two days with a written notice of the denial of expedited resolution.        

31. 
 That benefits shall continue until a hearing decision is rendered if: 1) the enrollee files an appeal before the later of a) 10 days from the mailing of the Notice of Action or b) the intended date of the
Contractor s action, 2) a) the appeal involves the termination, suspension, or reduction of a previously authorized course of treatment or b) the appeal involves a denial and the physician asserts that the requested service/treatment is a
necessary continuation of a previously authorized service, 3) the services were ordered by an authorized provider and 4) the enrollee requests a continuation of benefits.    

32. 
 For purposes of this paragraph, benefits shall be continued based on the authorization which was in place prior to the denial, termination, reduction, or suspension which has been appealed.    

33. 
 That the Contractor continues extended benefits originally provided to the enrollee until any of the following occurs: 1) the enrollee withdraws the appeal, 2) the enrollee has not specifically requested continued
benefits pending a hearing decision within 10 days of the Contractor mailing of the appeal resolution notice, or 3) AHCCCS issues a state fair hearing decision adverse to the enrollee.    

34. 
 That for appeals, the Contractor provides the enrollee a reasonable opportunity to present evidence and allegations of fact or law in person and in writing and that the Contractor informs the enrollee of the limited
time available in cases involving expedited resolution.        

35. 
 That for appeals, the Contractor provides the enrollee and his representative the opportunity before and during the appeals process to examine the enrollee s case file including medical records and other documents
considered during the appeals process.        

36. 
 That the Contractor shall provide written Notice of Appeal Resolution to the enrollee and the enrollee s representative or the representative of the deceased enrollee s estate which must contain: 1) the
results of the resolution process, including the legal citations or authorities supporting the determination, and the date it was completed, and 2) for appeals not resolved wholly in favor of enrollees: a) the enrollee s right to request a
State fair hearing (including the requirement that the enrollee must file the request for a hearing in writing) no later than 30 days after the date the enrollee receives the Contractor s notice of appeal resolution and how to do so, b) the
right to receive continued benefits pending the hearing and how to request continuation of benefits and c) information explaining that the enrollee may be held liable for the cost of benefits if the hearing decision upholds the Contractor.
   
      280  

EXHIBIT-14   
  ENROLLEE GRIEVANCE AND APPEAL SYSTEM STANDARDS       

37. 
 That if the enrollee files a request for hearing the Contractor must ensure that the case file and all supporting documentation is received by the AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS) as specified by
OALS. The file provided by the Contractor must contain a cover letter that includes:        

a. 
 Enrollee s name        

b. 
 Enrollee s AHCCCS I.D. number        

c. 
 Enrollee s address        

d. 
 Enrollee s phone number (if applicable)        

e. 
 Date of receipt of the appeal        

f. 
 Summary of the Contractor s actions undertaken to resolve the appeal and summary of the appeal resolution        

38. 
 The following material shall be included in the file sent by the Contractor:        

a. 
 The Enrollee s written request for hearing        

b. 
 Copies of the entire appeal file which includes all supporting documentation including pertinent findings and medical records        

c. 
 The Contractor s Notice of Appeal Resolution        

d. 
 Other information relevant to the resolution of the appeal        

39. 
 That if the Contractor or the State fair hearing decision reverses a decision to deny, limit or delay services not furnished during the appeal or the pendency of the hearing process, the Contractor shall authorize or
provide the services promptly and as expeditiously as the enrollee s health condition requires irrespective of whether the Contractor contests the decision.        

40. 
 That if the Contractor or State fair hearing decision reverses a decision to deny authorization of services and the disputed services were received pending appeal, the Contractor shall pay for those services, as
specified in policy and/or regulation.        

41. 
 That if the Contractor or the Director s Decision reverses a decision to deny, limit, or delay authorization of services, and the member received the disputed services while the appeal was pending, the Contractor
shall process a claim for payment from the provider in a manner consistent with the Contractor s or Director s Decision and applicable statutes, Rules, policies, and contract terms. The provider shall have 90 days from the date of the
reversed decision to submit a clean claim to the Contractor for payment. For all claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision, the Contractor is prohibited from denying claims for un-timeliness if they are submitted within the 90 day
timeframe. The Contractor is also prohibited from denying claims submitted as a result of a reversed decision because the member failed to request continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process: a member s failure to request
continuation of services during the appeals/hearing process is not a valid basis to deny the claim.        

42. 
 That if the Contractor or State fair hearing decision upholds a decision to deny authorization of services and the disputed services were received pending appeal, the Contractor may recover the cost of those services
from the enrollee.        

43. 
 That the Contractor shall track and trend Grievance and Appeal System information as a source of information for quality improvement.    
 [END OF EXHIBIT-14]  
      281  

EXHIBIT-15   
  PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS   
  PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS     The
Contractor shall have in place a written claim dispute policy for its subcontractors and non-contracted providers. The policy shall be in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws, regulations and policies. Failure to comply with any of
these provisions may result in the imposition of sanctions.    The claim dispute policy shall include the following provisions:  

1. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy shall stipulate that all claim disputes must be adjudicated in Arizona, including those claim disputes arising from claims processed by an Administrative Services Subcontractor.

2. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy shall be provided to all subcontractors at the time of contract. For providers without a contract, the claim dispute policy may be mailed with a remittance advice, provided the
remittance is sent within 45 days of receipt of a claim.        

3. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy must specify that all claim disputes challenging claim payments, denials or recoupments must be filed in writing with the Contractor no later than 12 months from the date of
service, 12 months after the date of eligibility posting or within 60 days after the payment, denial or recoupment of a timely claim submission, whichever is later.    

4. 
 That the Provider Claim Dispute Policy must specify a physical local address in Arizona for the submission of all provider claim disputes and hearing requests.    

5. 
 That specific individuals are appointed with authority to require corrective action and with requisite experience to administer the claim dispute process.    

6. 
 That the Contractor shall develop and maintain a tracking log for all claim disputes containing sufficient information to identify the Complainant, date of receipt, nature of the claim dispute, resolution of the claim
dispute and the date of resolution.        

7. 
 That claim disputes are acknowledged in writing and within five business days of receipt.        

8. 
 Claim disputes are thoroughly investigated using the applicable statutory, regulatory, contractual and policy provisions, ensuring that relevant facts are obtained from all parties.    

9. 
 All documentation received by the Contractor during the claim dispute process is dated upon receipt.        

10. 
 Claim disputes are filed in a secure, designated area and are retained for five years following the Contractor s decision, the AHCCCS decision, judicial appeal or close of the claim dispute, whichever is later,
unless otherwise provided by law.        

11. 
 A copy of the Contractor s Notice of Decision  Decision  shall be mailed to all parties no later than 30 days after the provider files a claim dispute with the Contractor, unless the provider and
Contractor agree to a longer period. The Decision must include and describe in detail, the following:        

a. 
 The nature of the claim dispute.        

b. 
 The specific factual and legal basis for the dispute, including but not limited to, an explanation of the specific facts that pertain to the claim dispute, the identification of the member name, pertinent dates of
service, dates and specific reasons for Contractor denial / payment of the claim, and whether or not the provider is a contracted provider.    
      282  

EXHIBIT-15   
  PROVIDER CLAIM DISPUTE STANDARDS       

c. 
 The reasons supporting the Contractor Decision, including an explanation of 1) how the Contractor applies the relevant and specific facts in the case to the relevant laws to support the Contractor s decision and 2)
the applicable statutes, rules, contractual provisions, policies, and procedures, if applicable. Reference to general legal authorities alone is not acceptable.        

d. 
 The Provider s right to request a hearing by filing a written request to the Contractor no later than 30 days after the date the provider receives the Decision.    

e. 
 If the claim dispute is overturned, in full or in part, the requirement that the Contractor shall reprocess and pay the claim(s) in a manner consistent with the decision within 15 business days of the date of the
Decision.        

12. 
 If the provider files a written request for hearing, the Contractor must ensure that all supporting documentation is received by the AHCCCS Office of Administrative Legal Services (OALS), no later than five business
days from the date the Contractor receives the provider s written hearing request. The file sent by the Contractor must contain a cover letter that includes:    

a. 
 The provider s name        

b. 
 The provider s address        

c. 
 The member s name and AHCCCS Identification Number        

d. 
 The provider s phone number (if applicable)        

e. 
 The date that the claim dispute was received by the Contractor        

f. 
 A summary of the actions undertaken by the Contractor to resolve the claim dispute and basis for the determination    
 If the Contractor upholds a claim dispute and a request for hearing is subsequently filed, the Contractor must review the matter to determine
why the request for hearing was filed and resolve the matter when appropriate.      

13. 
 The following material shall be included in the file sent by the Contractor:        

a. 
 The written request for hearing filed by the provider        

b. 
 Copies of the entire file which includes pertinent records; and the Decision        

c. 
 Other information relevant to the Decision        

14. 
 If the Contractor s Decision regarding a claim dispute is reversed, in full or in part, through the appeal process, the Contractor shall reprocess and pay the claim(s) in a manner consistent with the Decision along
with any applicable interest within 15 business days of the date of the Decision.       If the Contractor or the State fair
hearing decision reverses a decision to deny, limit or delay services not furnished during the claim dispute or the pendency of the hearing process, the Contractor shall authorize or provide the services promptly and as expeditiously as the
enrollee s health condition requires irrespective of whether the Contractor contests the decision.     [END OF EXHIBIT-15]  
      283  

ENDNOTES   
  ENDNOTES     Effective via contract amendment, the contract
language associated with the endnotes below was incorporated into the contract pursuant to CMS contract Managed Care compliance requirements.  
   
  i      ii      iii   
  iv      v      vi   
  vii      viii      ix   
  x      xi      xii   
  xiii      xiv      xv   
  xvi      xvii      xviii   
  xix      xx      xxi   
  xxii      xxiii      xxiv   
  xxv      xxvi      xxvii   
  xxviii      xxix      xxx   
  xxxi      xxxii      xxxiii   
  xxxiv   
      284  

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.24>
 10
 d275632dex1024.htm
 EX-10.24

EX-10.24 

Exhibit 10.24   
   AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
 THIS AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ( Amendment ) dated as of April 1, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ) is by and
between IASIS Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and W. Carl Whitmer (the  Executive ). The Company and Executive are sometimes referred to herein individually as  party  and collectively as
the  parties .    WHEREAS, the Company and Executive entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated September 30, 2010
(the  Agreement ).    WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to amend the Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth
herein.    NOW, THEREFORE, as consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Amendment and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:      

1. 
  Amendment to Section 2 . Section 2 of the Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:    
  2.  Term . Subject to termination pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the term of the employment by the Company of the Executive
pursuant to this Agreement (as the same may be extended, the  Term ) shall continue until March 31, 2019. On March 31, 2019, and on each subsequent anniversary thereof, the Term shall automatically be extended for a period of one
(1) additional year following the expiration of the otherwise applicable Term unless, not later than ninety (90) days prior to any such anniversary date, either party hereto shall have notified the other party hereto in writing that such
extension shall not take effect. The parties acknowledge and agree that, as of the Effective Date, the Original Employment Agreement and all liabilities thereunder immediately terminated.   

2. 
  Amendment to Section 10(g) . The first sentence of Section 10(g) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

3. 
  Amendment to Section 10(h) . Section 10(h) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

4. 
  Amendment to Section 10(i) . The first sentence of Section 10(i) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

5. 
  Amendment to Section 14(d) . The first sentence of Section 14(d) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

6. 
  Amendment to Section 14(e) . Section 14(e) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     
      1  

7. 
  Entire Agreement and Amendments . This Amendment shall be effective as of the Amendment Date. Except as expressly provided by this Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with
its terms. This Amendment and the Agreement contain the entire agreement of the parties relating to the matters contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. No provision of this Amendment may be amended or waived, unless such amendment or waiver is agreed to in writing, signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company.    

8. 
  Execution . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.    

9. 
  Controlling Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the execution, validity, interpretation and performance of this Amendment.    

10. 
  Headings . Headings used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and for no other purpose.    
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment on and caused the same to be duly delivered on their behalf on the day and year
first written above.       

IASIS HEALTHCARE CORPORATION   

By:  

Name:  
   
   David White   
 
   Title:  
   
   Chairman of the Board   

EXECUTIVE   

By:  

W. Carl Whitmer   
 
   Date:  
   
    May 16, 2016    

2  

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.26>
 11
 d275632dex1026.htm
 EX-10.26

EX-10.26 

Exhibit 10.26   
   AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
 THIS AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ( Amendment ) dated as of April 1, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ) is by and
between IASIS Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and John Doyle (the  Executive ). The Company and Executive are sometimes referred to herein individually as  party  and collectively as the
 parties .    WHEREAS, the Company and Executive entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated September 30, 2010 (the
 Agreement ).    WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to amend the Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
   NOW, THEREFORE, as consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:      

11. 
  Amendment to Section 2 . Section 2 of the Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:    
  2.  Term . Subject to termination pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the term of the employment by the Company of the Executive
pursuant to this Agreement (as the same may be extended, the  Term ) shall continue until March 31, 2019. On March 31, 2019, and on each subsequent anniversary thereof, the Term shall automatically be extended for a period of one
(1) additional year following the expiration of the otherwise applicable Term unless, not later than ninety (90) days prior to any such anniversary date, either party hereto shall have notified the other party hereto in writing that such
extension shall not take effect.       

12. 
  Amendment to Section 10(g) . The first sentence of Section 10(g) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

13. 
  Amendment to Section 10(h) . Section 10(h) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

14. 
  Amendment to Section 10(i) . The first sentence of Section 10(i) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

15. 
  Entire Agreement and Amendments . This Amendment shall be effective as of the Amendment Date. Except as expressly provided by this Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with
its terms. This Amendment and the Agreement contain the entire agreement of the parties relating to the matters contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. No provision of this Amendment may be amended or waived, unless such amendment or waiver is agreed to in writing, signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company.    
      1  

16. 
  Execution . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.    

17. 
  Controlling Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the execution, validity, interpretation and performance of this Amendment.    

18. 
  Headings . Headings used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and for no other purpose.    
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment on and caused the same to be duly delivered on their behalf on the day and year
first written above.       

IASIS HEALTHCARE CORPORATION   

By:  

Name:  
   
   W. Carl Whitmer   
 
   Title:  
   
   President and CEO   

EXECUTIVE   

By:  

John Doyle   
 
   Date:  
   
    May 16, 2016    

2  

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.28>
 12
 d275632dex1028.htm
 EX-10.28

EX-10.28 

Exhibit 10.28   
   AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT    
 THIS AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ( Amendment ) dated as of April 1, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ) is by and
between IASIS Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and Phillip Mazzuca (the  Executive ). The Company and Executive are sometimes referred to herein individually as  party  and collectively as
the  parties .    WHEREAS, the Company and Executive entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated October 11, 2010
(the  Agreement ).    WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to amend the Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth
herein.    NOW, THEREFORE, as consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Amendment and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:      

19. 
  Amendment to Section 2 . Section 2 of the Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:    
  2.  Term . Subject to termination pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the term of the employment by the Company of the Executive
pursuant to this Agreement (as the same may be extended, the  Term ) shall continue until March 31, 2019. On March 31, 2019, and on each subsequent anniversary thereof, the Term shall automatically be extended for a period of one
(1) additional year following the expiration of the otherwise applicable Term unless, not later than ninety (90) days prior to any such anniversary date, either party hereto shall have notified the other party hereto in writing that such
extension shall not take effect.       

20. 
  Amendment to Section 5(b) . Section 5(b) of the Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:    
  (b) During the period in which the Executive serves as Chief Operating Officer, the Executive shall be eligible to receive for each
fiscal year (or part thereof), an annual cash target bonus (the  Bonus ) of 75% of Base Salary (the  Bonus Target ) with a maximum annual bonus of 150% of the Base Salary, subject to the terms of the Company s executive
bonus plan (the  Bonus Plan ) and subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives to be determined by the Board (or a committee thereof) or, to the extent more favorable to the Executive, other incentive compensation plan
established by the Board for the Company s senior executive officers, as either of the same may be amended from time to time (provided that no such amendment or alternative plan shall diminish the Bonus Target and the associated maximum bonus
opportunities described above).       

21. 
  Amendment to Section 10(g) . The first sentence of Section 10(g) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     
      1  

22. 
  Amendment to Section 10(h) . Section 10(h) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

23. 
  Amendment to Section 10(i) . The first sentence of Section 10(i) of the Agreement shall be amended to replace  Section 2(b)  with  Section 2.     

24. 
  Entire Agreement and Amendments . This Amendment shall be effective as of the Amendment Date. Except as expressly provided by this Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with
its terms. This Amendment and the Agreement contain the entire agreement of the parties relating to the matters contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. No provision of this Amendment may be amended or waived, unless such amendment or waiver is agreed to in writing, signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company.    

25. 
  Execution . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.    

26. 
  Controlling Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the execution, validity, interpretation and performance of this Amendment.    

27. 
  Headings . Headings used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and for no other purpose.    
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment on and caused the same to be duly delivered on their behalf on the day and year
first written above.       

IASIS HEALTHCARE CORPORATION   

By: 

Name: 
   
 W. Carl Whitmer  
 
 Title: 
   
 President and CEO  

EXECUTIVE   

By: 

Phillip Mazzuca  
 
 Date: 
   
  May 16, 2016   

2  

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21>
 13
 d275632dex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21       

ENTITY   
    
    DOMESTIC   
    
    ENTITY TYPE    

Arizona Diagnostic   Surgical Center, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Aurora IASIS Health Partners LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Beaumont Hospital Holdings, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Biltmore Surgery Center Holdings, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Biltmore Surgery Center, Inc. 
    
 Arizona 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Brim Healthcare of Colorado, LLC 
    
 Colorado 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Brim Healthcare of Texas, LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Brim Holding Company, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Brim Physicians Group of Colorado, LLC 
    
 Colorado 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Choice Care Clinic I, Inc. 
    
 Texas 
    
 Corporation (Texas 5.01(a) entity)  
 
 Choice Care Clinic II, Inc. 
    
 Texas 
    
 Corporation (Texas 5.01(a) entity)  
 
 Choice Care Clinic III, Inc. 
    
 Texas 
    
 Corporation (Texas 5.01(a) entity)  
 
 Choice Care Clinic of Louisiana, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Choice Care Clinic of Utah, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Davis Hospital   Medical Center, LP 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Partnership  
 
 Davis Hospital Holdings, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Davis Surgical Center Holdings, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Downtown Houston Physician Hospital Organization 
    
 Texas 
    
 Corporation  (Non-Profit)   
 
 Glenwood Specialty Imaging, LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Harpeth Insurance Limited 
    
 Bermuda 

HC Essential Co. 
    
 Texas 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Health Choice Arizona, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Health Choice Florida, Inc. 
    
 Florida 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Health Choice Insurance Co. 
    
 Arizona 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Health Choice Integrated Care, LLC 
    
 Arizona 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Louisiana Accountable Care LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Louisiana, Inc. 
    
 Louisiana 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Health Choice Managed Care Solutions LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Management Co. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Health Choice Northern Arizona LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Accountable Care LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Arizona ACO LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Arizona Physician Association LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Louisiana ACO LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Louisiana Physician Association LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Texas ACO   Alamo Region LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Texas ACO   Gulf Coast Region LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Texas Physician Association   Alamo Region LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Texas Physician Association   Gulf Coast Region LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Utah ACO LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Preferred Utah Physician Association LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Utah Accountable Care LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 Health Choice Utah, Inc. 
    
 Utah 
    
 Corporation  
 
 HealthUtah Holdco LLC 
    
 Utah 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 HealthUtah Management Company LLC 
    
 Utah 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Heart and Lung Institute of Utah, Inc. 
    
 Utah 
    
 Corporation  
 
 Heritage Technologies, LLC 
    
 Arizona 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 IASIS Capital Corporation 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 IASIS Finance II LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 IASIS Finance III LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 IASIS Finance Texas Holdings, LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Liability Company  
 
 IASIS Finance, Inc. 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Corporation  
 
 IASIS Glenwood Regional Medical Center, LP 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Limited Partnership  
 
 IASIS Healthcare Foundation 
    
 Tennessee 
    
 501(c)(3)   

ENTITY   
    
    DOMESTIC   
    
    ENTITY TYPE    

IASIS Healthcare Holdings, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   IASIS Hospital Nurse Staffing Company  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   IASIS Management Company  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   IASIS Transco, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Indigent Care Services of Northeast Louisiana, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Jordan Valley Hospital Holdings, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Jordan Valley Medical Center, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   Mesa General Hospital, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   Mountain Point Holdings, LLC  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   Mountain Vista Medical Center, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   MT Transition LP f/k/a Memorial Hospital of Tampa, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   NLV Healthcare Development, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   Odessa Fertility Lab, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Odessa Regional Hospital, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   Permian Basin Clinical Services, Inc.  
    
   Texas  
    
   Corporation (Texas 5.01(a) entity)   
 
   Permian Premier Accountable Care LLC  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   Permian Premier Health Services, Inc.  
    
   Texas  
    
   Corporation (Texas 5.01(a) entity)   
 
   Physician Group of Arizona, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Physician Group of Arkansas, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Physician Group of Florida, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Physician Group of Louisiana, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Physician Group of Utah, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Podiatric Physicians Management Company of Arizona, Inc.  
    
   Arizona  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Podiatric Physicians of Arizona, Inc.  
    
   Arizona  
    
   Corporation   
 
   PP Transition LP f/k/a Palms of Pasadena Hospital, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   PP Transition, Inc. f/k/a Palms of Pasadena Homecare, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Riverwoods ASC Holdco LLC  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   Riverwoods Surgery Center LLC  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   Rocky Mountain Women s Health Center, Inc.  
    
   Utah  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   Salt Lake Regional Physicians, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Seaboard Development LLC  
    
   Utah  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   Seaboard Development Port Arthur LLC  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   SJ Medical Center, LLC  
    
   Texas  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   SJMC Physician Services  
    
   Texas  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Southeast Texas Health Services, Inc.  
    
   Texas  
    
   Corporation (Texas 5.01(a) entity)   
 
   Southridge Plaza Holdings, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   
 
   Southwest Accountable Care LLC  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   Southwest General Hospital, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   St. Luke s Behavioral Hospital, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   St. Luke s Medical Center, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   Texarkana Accountable Care LLC  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Liability Company   
 
   Texarkana Regional Healthcare Network  
    
   Texas  
    
   Corporation (Texas 5.01(a) entity)   
 
   The Medical Center of Southeast Texas, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   TNC Transition LP f/k/a Town   Country Hospital, LP  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Limited Partnership   
 
   Utah Transcription Services, Inc.  
    
   Delaware  
    
   Corporation   

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 d275632dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, W. Carl Whitmer,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form  10-K  of IASIS Healthcare LLC;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f))  for the registrant and have:      (a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and    (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and    (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    Date: December 20, 2016  

/s/ W. Carl Whitmer   
 
   W. Carl Whitmer   Chief Executive Officer and
President   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 d275632dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, John M. Doyle, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form  10-K  of IASIS Healthcare LLC;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f))  for the registrant and have:      (a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and    (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and    (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    Date: December 20, 2016  

/s/ John M. Doyle   
 
   John M. Doyle   Chief Financial
Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 16
 ck0001294632-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 ck0001294632-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 ck0001294632-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 ck0001294632-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 ck0001294632-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 ck0001294632-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

