<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1520566_0001520566-16-000190_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22350537</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190925</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>829653</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9044441</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9619386</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2218759</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>102</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520566-16-000190.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103172622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520566-16-000190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		IRS NUMBER:				452156869
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35449
		FILM NUMBER:		161972890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8950 CYPRESS WATERS BOULEVARD
		CITY:			COPPELL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(469) 549-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8950 CYPRESS WATERS BOULEVARD
		CITY:			COPPELL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520566-16-000190.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 nsmhinc0930201610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from      to                      
  Commission file number: 001-35449                         

Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                         

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
  (469) 549-2000 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x   No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer , "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule  12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act 
                     Large Accelerated Filer 
      
    Accelerated Filer 
    x 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company.) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Number of shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding as of   October 25, 2016  :   97,498,242    

1 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC. 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
    8 

Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    51 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    83 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    83 

PART II 
    OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    84 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    84 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    84 

Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    85 

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    85 

Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    85 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    86 

Signatures  

2 

PART I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements    
   
  NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC.                                                                                                    
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (millions of dollars) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC. 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (millions of dollars, except for earnings per share data) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC. 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC. 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (millions of dollars) 

Continued on following page. 
  See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.     

6 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC.  
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Continued) 
  (millions of dollars) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.     
  
   7 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC.  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
  (millions of dollars, unless otherwise stated) 

1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation 
    
  Nature of Business 
  Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, including its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, "Nationstar" or the "Company"), earns fees through the delivery of servicing, origination and transaction based services related primarily to single-family residences throughout the United States. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
  The consolidated interim financial statements of Nationstar have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") for interim information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Nationstar's Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015  . The Company describes its significant accounting policies in Note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there were no significant changes to those accounting policies. Dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share data and other key metrics, unless otherwise noted. 
    
  The interim consolidated financial statements are unaudited; however, in the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results of the interim periods have been included. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. Nationstar evaluated subsequent events through the date these interim consolidated financial statements were issued. 
    
  Basis of Consolidation 
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Nationstar, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and other entities in which the Company has a controlling financial interest, and those variable interest entities ("VIE") where Nationstar's wholly-owned subsidiaries are the primary beneficiaries. Nationstar applies the equity method of accounting to investments where it is able to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the policies and procedures of the entity and owns less than 50% of the voting interests. Intercompany balances and transactions on consolidated entities have been eliminated. Business combinations are included in the consolidated financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition. Assets and liabilities of VIEs and their respective results of operations are consolidated from the date that Nationstar became the primary beneficiary through the date Nationstar ceases to be the primary beneficiary.  
    
  Reclassifications 
  In the second quarter of 2016, the Company reclassified certain assets to more closely align assets related to amounts from agencies and investors from other assets to advances and other receivables in its previously reported consolidated balance sheet   as of December 31, 2015  . The revised balances of those accounts   as of December 31, 2015   are shown in the table below. 

8 

In addition, certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-period presentation. As shown in the table below, pursuant to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):     Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , during the first quarter of 2016 the Company has reclassified unamortized debt issuance costs associated with its unsecured senior notes, advance facilities, warehouse facilities and other nonrecourse debt in its previously reported Consolidated Balance Sheet   as of December 31, 2015  . The revised balances of those accounts   as of December 31, 2015   are shown in the table below. 

Recent Accounting Guidance Adopted 
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-12,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  :   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of     an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period   (ASU 2014-12), which requires that a performance target that affects vesting that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 did not have a material impact on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company retrospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):     Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   (ASU 2015-03), which requires debt issuance costs be included in the carrying value of the related debt liability, when recognized, on the face of the balance sheet. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 was limited to balance sheet reclassification of unamortized debt issuance costs, and did not impact the Company's financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. See Reclassifications section in Note 1 for further details. Also, ASU 2015-15,   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements   further expands ASU 2015-03 for presentation and disclosure in the financial statements. ASU 2015-15 amends Subtopic 835-30 to include that the SEC would not object to the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequent amortization of the deferred costs over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The adoption of ASU 2015-15 did not have a material impact on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company prospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-05,   Intangibles   Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40)   -   Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement   (ASU 2015-05), which was created to eliminate diversity in the reporting of fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement caused by lack of guidance. This update provides that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the license element should be accounted for as other acquired software licenses. Otherwise, the fees should be accounted for as a service contract. The adoption of ASU 2015-05 did not have a material impact on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
    
  Recent Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted 
  Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (ASU 2014-09), provides guidance for revenue recognition. This ASU s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU 2014-09 was postponed resulting in effective commencement with Nationstar's quarter ending March 31, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of ASU 2014-09 on the consolidated financial statements.  

9 

Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)  ,   Disclosure     of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   (ASU 2014-15), creates consistency in the disclosures made by an entity when there is doubt that the entity will continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
    
  Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   (ASU 2016-01)  ,    primarily impacts accounting for equity investments and financial liabilities under the fair value option, as well as the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. Under the new guidance, equity investments will generally be measured at fair value, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in net income. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
  Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,   Leases   (ASU 2016-02), primarily impacts lessee accounting by requiring the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet for long-term lease agreements. The lease liability will be equal to the present value of all reasonably certain lease payments. The right-of-use asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment for initial direct costs. Lease agreements that are 12 months or less are permitted to be excluded from the balance sheet. In general, leases will be amortized on a straight-line basis with the exception of finance lease agreements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
  Accounting Standards Updates No. 2016-08 and 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , clarify that the analysis must focus on whether the entity has control of the goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, provides guidance regarding how to apply the control principle when services are provided and when goods or services are combined with other goods or services, and clarifies the definition of a completed contract. Additional clarification is provided that if Topic 606 is applied retrospectively to the financial statements, it does not have to be treated as an accounting change.  The effective date of the standard for the Company will coincide with ASU 2014-09 during the first quarter 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
    
  Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   (ASU 2016-09), simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, calculation of earnings per share, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
    
  Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10,   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   (ASU 2016-10), amends the revenue guidance in ASU 2014-09 on identifying performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property. ASU 2016-10 changed the Financial Accounting Standards Board's previous proposals on renewals of right-to-use licenses and contractual restrictions. The effective date of the standard for the Company will coincide with ASU 2014-09 during the first quarter 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
    
  Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326)   (ASU 2016-13), requires organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The update eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold in current GAAP and, instead, reflects an entity s current estimate of all expected credit losses. Previously, when credit losses were measured under GAAP, an entity generally only considered past events and current conditions in measuring the incurred loss. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 14, 2019. The Company is currently assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 

10 

Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   (ASU 2016-15), makes eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and will require adoption on a retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the application of ASU 2016-15 will have on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  

2. Mortgage Servicing Rights ("MSR") and Related Liabilities    
    
  The following table sets forth the carrying value of Nationstar's MSR and the related liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Forward Mortgage Servicing Rights - Fair Value 
  The Company owns and records at fair value the rights to service traditional residential mortgage loans ("forward" loans) for others either as a result of purchase transactions or from the sales and securitizations of loans originated. Forward MSRs are comprised of rights related to both agency and non-agency loans.  
    
  Servicing resulting from transfers of financial assets comprises the fair value of the newly originated MSRs at the time the loan is sold or securitized.  

11 

The activity of MSRs carried at fair value is as follows for the dates indicated. 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company sold MSRs and was retained as the subservicer for an unpaid principal balance of   $3,507  , out of a total   $4,560   unpaid principal balance sold. From time to time, the Company sells its ownership interest in certain MSRs and is retained as the subservicer for the sold assets. The Company has evaluated the sale accounting requirements related to these transactions given the continued involvement as the subservicer and concluded that these transactions qualify for sale accounting treatment.  
    
  MSRs measured at fair value are segregated between credit sensitive and interest sensitive pools. Interest sensitive pools are primarily impacted by changes in forecasted interest rates, which in turn impact voluntary prepayment speeds. Credit sensitive pools are primarily impacted by borrower performance under specified repayment terms, which most directly impacts involuntary prepayments and delinquency rates. The Company assesses whether acquired portfolios are more credit sensitive or interest sensitive in nature on the date of acquisition. Numerous factors are considered in making this assessment, including loan-to-value ratios, FICO scores, percentage of portfolio previously modified, portfolio seasoning and similar criteria. Once the determination for a pool is made, subsequent changes are not made. 
    
  Interest sensitive portfolios generally consist of lower delinquency, single-family conforming residential forward mortgage loans for investors. Credit sensitive portfolios generally consist of higher delinquency, single-family non-conforming residential forward mortgage loans serviced for agency and non-agency investors. 
    
  The following table provides a breakdown of the total credit and interest sensitive unpaid principal balances ("UPBs") for Nationstar's forward owned MSRs that are carried at fair value. 

12 

Nationstar used the following weighted average assumptions in estimating the fair value of MSRs for the dates indicated. 

The following table shows the hypothetical effect on the fair value of the MSRs using certain unfavorable variations of the expected levels of key assumptions used in valuing these assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be evaluated with care. The effect on fair value of a 10% variation in assumptions generally cannot be determined because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the fair value may not be linear. Additionally, the impact of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value is calculated while holding other assumptions constant. In reality, changes in one factor may lead to changes in other factors, which could impact the above hypothetical effects. Also, the changes in the fair value of Nationstar's excess spread financing liability partially offsets the change in the fair value of Nationstar's mortgage servicing rights. 
    
  Reverse Mortgage Servicing Rights and Liabilities - LOCOM 
  Nationstar owns the right to service certain Home Equity Conversion Mortgage ("HECM") reverse mortgage loans with an unpaid principal balance of   $26,855   and   $29,855   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. An MSR asset or Mortgage Servicing Liability ("MSL") is established upon the acquisition at fair value, as applicable, based on the proceeds paid or received to service the reverse portfolio. Each quarter, the Company amortizes or accretes the MSR or MSL, respectively, to service related revenue, net as the respective portfolios run-off, and the MSR or MSL is assessed for impairment or increased obligation based on its fair value, using a variety of assumptions. The primary assumptions of MSR consists of discount rates, prepayment speeds and the borrower life expectancy, whereas the primary assumptions of MSL consist of loss severity and expectancy rates, foreclosure timelines, and expected changes in interest rates. The MSRs are stratified based on predominant risk characteristics of the underlying serviced loans. Impairment, if any, represents the excess of amortized cost of an individual stratum over its estimated fair value and is recognized through an increase in the valuation expense. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   no   impairment was identified.  

13 

The following table sets forth the amortized carrying value and activity of reverse MSRs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company accreted $  14   and $  37  , respectively, of the mortgage servicing liability. As part of servicing arrangements, issuers of HECMs are responsible for repurchasing any loans out of the Home Equity Conversion Mortgage Backed Securities ("HMBS") pool when the outstanding principal balance of the related HECM loan is equal to or greater than   98%   of the maximum claim amount set at origination. Purchases of such loans, which relinquishes the reverse MSR or MSL, are subsequently recorded as reverse mortgage interests.  
    
  Excess Spread Financing at Fair Value 
  In order to finance the acquisition of certain forward MSRs on various pools of residential mortgage loans (the "Portfolios"), Nationstar entered into multiple sale and assignment agreements with certain entities formed by New Residential Investment Corp. ("New Residential"), a subsidiary of Fortress Investment Group LLC ("Fortress"). Certain funds are managed by Fortress, which owns an interest in the Company. See Note   18. Transactions with Affiliates  . Nationstar, in transactions accounted for as financing arrangements, sold to such entities the right to receive a specified percentage of the excess cash flow generated from the Portfolios after receipt of a fixed basic servicing fee per loan. Nationstar has elected fair value accounting for these financing agreements. 
    
  Servicing fees associated with a traditional MSR can be segregated into a contractually specified base fee component and an excess servicing fee. The base servicing fee, along with ancillary income, is designed to cover costs incurred to service the specified pool plus a reasonable profit margin. The remaining servicing fee is considered excess. 
  Nationstar retains all the base servicing fee and ancillary revenues associated with servicing the Portfolios and retains a portion of the excess servicing fee. Nationstar continues to be the servicer of the Portfolios and provides all servicing and advancing functions.  
    
  Contemporaneous with the above, Nationstar entered into refinanced loan agreements with New Residential. Should Nationstar refinance any loan in the Portfolios, subject to certain limitations, it will be required to transfer the new loan or a replacement loan of similar economic characteristics into the Portfolios. The new or replacement loan will be governed by the same terms set forth in the sale and assignment agreement described above, which is the primary driver of the recapture rate assumption. 
    
  The range of various assumptions used in Nationstar's valuation of excess spread financing are as follows. 

14 

The following table shows the hypothetical effect on the fair value of excess spread financing using certain unfavorable variations of the expected levels of key assumptions used in valuing these liabilities at the dates indicated. 

As the cash flow assumptions utilized in determining the fair value amounts in the excess spread financing are based on the related cash flow assumptions utilized in the financed MSRs, any fair value changes recognized in the MSRs would inherently have an inverse impact on the carrying amount in the related excess spread financing. For example, while an increase in discount rates would negatively impact the value of the Company's MSRs, it would reduce the carrying value of the associated excess spread financing liability.  
    
  These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be evaluated with care. The effect on fair value of a 10% variation in assumptions generally cannot be determined because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the fair value may not be linear. Additionally, the impact of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value is calculated while holding other assumptions constant. In reality, changes in one factor may lead to changes in other factors, which could impact the above hypothetical effects. Also, a positive change in the above assumptions would not necessarily correlate with the corresponding decrease in the net carrying amount of the excess spread financing. 
    
  Mortgage Forward Servicing Rights Financing 
  From December 2013 through June 2014, Nationstar entered into agreements to sell a contractually specified base fee component of certain forward MSRs and servicing advances under specified terms to New Residential and certain unaffiliated third-parties. Nationstar continues to be the named servicer and, for accounting purposes, ownership of the mortgage servicing rights continues to reside with Nationstar. Nationstar continues to account for the MSRs on its consolidated balance sheets. Consequently, Nationstar records a MSR financing liability associated with this transaction. See Note   18. Transactions with Affiliates     for additional information. 
    
  Nationstar elected to measure the mortgage servicing rights financings at fair value with all changes in fair value recorded as a charge or credit to servicing related revenue, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The following table sets forth the weighted average assumptions used in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights financing liability. 

15 

The following table sets forth the items comprising of revenue associated with servicing loan portfolios. 

3. Advances and Other Receivables, Net    
    
  Advances and other receivables, net consists of the following.  

Servicing advances on agency securities represent a receivable from the respective agency investor and are recovered from cash reimbursements from the agency. Servicing advances on non-agency securities are typically recovered from proceeds of the sale of mortgage loan collateral for which the advance was made. If loan-level proceeds are determined to be insufficient, recovery is achieved from cash collected at the pool level from the securitization trust as permitted contractually or mortgage insurance claim. In order to more closely align assets related to amounts due from agencies and investors, certain December 31, 2015 balances of other assets were reclassified  to advances and other receivables as presented in Note 1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation. The reclassified amounts represented amounts due from agencies relating to filed claims and from investors. These amounts, net of reserves, totaled   $189     as of December 31, 2015  .  
  Each reporting period, the Company evaluates the appropriateness of its reserves for uncollectible advances and servicing receivables. The reserves are computed based on an analysis that considers the underlying loan, the type of advance or servicing receivable, the investors' servicing reimbursement guidelines, mortgage insurance reimbursement guidelines, reimbursement patterns and past loss experience. The carrying value of active loans within the MSR portfolio are adjusted each period to reflect both the positive and negative projected cash flows associated with serviced loans, and earnings is adjusted accordingly through the mark-to-market adjustment, which is a component of service related revenue. As loans with negative MSR values become inactive and reach a   $0   UPB, the related negative values associated with these loans are reclassified from MSR to the reserve account within advances and other receivables, net. The reclassification upon loans becoming inactive is consistent with the Company's accounting policy and allows alignment of reserves with the assets where expected servicing losses for inactive loans will be realized. After a loan becomes inactive, subsequent reserves are established if needed through a charge to general and administrative expense reflecting expected losses incurred during the liquidation process.  
  
   16 

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company increased reserves by   $59   through a reclassification from MSR for negative values associated with inactive loans that were recorded   as of December 31, 2015   and decreased reserves by   $3   for reclassifications to other accounts to align the needed reserve balance. Reserves also increased by   $27   and   $85   during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, through a provision for negative MSR values related to inactive loans. The provision was recorded as a reduction to service related revenue. During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company wrote off   $91   of advances that were previously identified as not recoverable.  
   
  4. Reverse Mortgage Interests, Net 
    
  Reverse mortgage interests, net consist of the following. 

Participating interests 
  Participating interests consist of reverse mortgage interests or HECM loans which have been transferred to Ginnie Mae and subsequently securitized through the issuance of HMBS. The HMBS securitizations are accounted for as secured borrowings with both the reverse mortgage interest and related indebtedness retained on the Company's balance sheet. 
    
  Other interests securitized 
  Other interests securitized consist of reverse mortgage interests which have been transferred to private securitization trusts and are subject to nonrecourse debt. Nationstar evaluated these trusts and concluded that they meet the definition of a VIE and Nationstar is the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, these transactions are treated as secured borrowings and both the reverse mortgage interests and the related indebtedness are retained on the Company's balance sheet.  
    
  Unsecuritized interests  
  Unsecuritized interests in reverse mortgages consist primarily of the following. 

Unsecuritized interests include HECM loans for which the Company is required to repurchase from the HMBS pool when the outstanding principal balance of the HECM loan is equal to or greater than 98% of the maximum claim amount established at origination. The Company repurchased a total of   $2,270   and   $1,572   HECM loans out of Ginnie Mae HMBS securitizations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which,   $661   and   $608   were subsequently reimbursed by a prior servicer. Nationstar routinely securitizes eligible reverse mortgage interests through Ginnie Mae HMBS pools or private HECM securitization trusts. Reverse mortgage interest securitization transactions are treated as secured borrowings with both the reverse mortgage interests and related indebtedness retained on Nationstar s balance sheet.  

17 

Reserves for reverse mortgage interests 
  Reserves for servicing losses on reverse mortgage interests are reflected through the Company's provision for losses and consist of (1) financial and (2) operational losses related to servicing of other interests securitized and unsecuritized interests in HECM loans. Financial exposures are defined as the cost of doing business related to servicing the HECM product and include potential unrecoverable costs primarily based on FHA claim guidelines related to reimbursable expenses and unfavorable change in the appraised value of the loan collateral. Operational exposures are defined as un-reimbursable debenture interest curtailments imposed for missed HUD servicing time lines. The Company establishes reserves for servicing losses based on historical loss experience, underlying value of collateral, age of claim and management s knowledge of expected claim recoveries. Losses are established when loans are bought out of the Ginnie Mae HMBS pools. Reserves reflect management s best estimate of amounts to be realized, which are subject to change as facts and circumstances change. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company increased reverse mortgage reserves by   $42   for changes in actual and estimated losses. The increase in reserves is primarily due to loss estimates resulting from updated economic factors such as prolonged foreclosure timelines and due to changes in negotiations with investors regarding expected recoveries of make-whole claims.   
    
  Reverse mortgage sales 
  During March 2016, Nationstar executed an option to purchase HECM loans related to a reverse mortgage loan trust, of which Nationstar was the master servicer and holder of clean-up call rights. The Company acquired reverse mortgage loans for   $55   with an outstanding unpaid principal balance totaling   $96  . These loans were recorded within reverse mortgage interests as mortgage loans held for sale at LOCOM. In June 2016, Nationstar sold the loans from the transaction for   $74   and recorded a gain on the sale of   $17  , which was recorded to net gain on mortgage loans held for sale. 
    
  Reverse interest income 
  The Company accrues interest income for its participating interest in reverse mortgages based on the stated rate of the HECM loan. Total interest earned on the Company's reverse mortgage interests was   $81   and   $251   for the three and nine months ended September 31, 2016, respectively, and   $90   and   $181   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   

5. Mortgage Loans Held for Sale and Investment  
    
  Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 
  Nationstar maintains a strategy of originating mortgage loan products primarily for the purpose of selling to government-sponsored enterprises ("GSEs") or other third-party investors in the secondary market. Nationstar focuses on assisting customers currently in the Company's servicing portfolio with refinancings of loans or new home purchases (referred to as "recapture"). Generally, all newly originated mortgage loans held for sale are securitized and transferred to GSEs or delivered to third-party purchasers shortly after origination on a servicing-retained basis. 
    
  Mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value as set forth below. 

(1)    The mark-to-market adjustment is recorded in net gain on mortgage loans held for sale in the consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Nationstar accrues interest income as earned and places loans on non-accrual status after any portion of principal or interest has been delinquent for more than 90 days. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, Nationstar reverses the interest that had been accrued but not yet received.  
    
  The total UPB of mortgage loans held for sale on nonaccrual status was as follows for the dates indicated. 

18 

From time to time, Nationstar exercises its right to repurchase individual delinquent loans in Ginnie Mae securitization pools to minimize interest spread losses, to re-pool into new Ginnie Mae securitizations, or to otherwise sell to third-party investors.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , Nationstar repurchased   $201   of delinquent Ginnie Mae loans, of which   $88   of these loans were securitized or sold to third-party investors.   As of September 30, 2016  ,   $18   of the repurchased loans have re-performed and were held in accrual status, and remaining balances continue to be held under a nonaccrual status.  
  The total UPB of mortgage loans held for sale for which the Company has begun formal foreclosure proceedings was   $85   and   $16   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  A reconciliation of the changes in mortgage loans held for sale is presented in the following table. 

(1)    Amounts are comprised of claims made on certain government guaranteed mortgage loans upon foreclosure. 
    
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company received proceeds of   $16,957   and   $15,034  , respectively, on the sale of mortgage loans held for sale, resulting in gains of   $447   and   $349  , respectively.  
    
  Nationstar has the right to repurchase any individual loan in a Ginnie Mae securitization pool if that loan meets certain criteria, including being delinquent greater than 90 days. The majority of Ginnie Mae repurchased loans are repurchased solely with the intent to re-pool into new Ginnie Mae securitizations upon re-performance of the loan or to otherwise sell to third-party investors.  The amounts repurchased out of Ginnie Mae pools, as presented above, are primarily in connection with loan modifications and loan resolution activity as part of Nationstar's contractual obligations as the servicer of the loans.  

19 

Mortgage Loans Held for Investment, Net 
  Mortgage loans held for investment, net are comprised of the following.    

The changes in accretable yield on loans transferred to mortgage loans held for investment, net are set forth below.    

Nationstar may periodically modify the terms of any outstanding mortgage loans held for investment, net for loans that are either in default or in imminent default. Modifications often involve reduced payments by borrowers, modification of the original terms of the mortgage loans, forgiveness of debt and/or modified servicing advances. As a result of the volume of modification agreements entered into, the estimated average outstanding life in this pool of mortgage loans has been extended. Nationstar records interest income on the transferred loans on a level-yield method. To maintain a level-yield on these transferred loans over the estimated extended life, Nationstar reclassified approximately   $1.4   and   $1.2   of transfer discount from non-accretable yield for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
    
  Loan delinquency and loan-to-value ratio ("LTV") are common credit quality indicators that Nationstar monitors and utilizes in its evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, of which the primary indicator of credit quality is loan delinquency status. LTV refers to the ratio of the loan s unpaid principal balance to the property s collateral value. Loan delinquencies and unpaid principal balances are updated monthly based upon collection activity. Collateral values are updated from third party providers on a periodic basis. The collateral values used to derive LTVs are obtained at various dates, but the majority were within the last twenty-four months. For an event requiring a decision based at least in part on the collateral value, the Company takes its last known value provided by a third party and then adjusts the value based on the applicable home price index.  
    
  The total UPB of mortgage loans held for investment for which the Company has begun formal foreclosure proceedings was   $31   and   $41   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

20 

6. Other Assets 
    
  Other assets consist of the following.   

Accrued revenue is primarily comprised of service fees earned but not received. 
  For forward loans that Nationstar sold to Ginnie Mae in conjunction with issuance of mortgage backed securities, Nationstar as the issuer has the unilateral right to repurchase, any individual loan in a Ginnie Mae securitization pool if that loan meets certain criteria, including being delinquent greater than 90 days. Once Nationstar has the unilateral right to repurchase a delinquent loan, Nationstar has effectively regained control over the loan and in accordance with GAAP must re-recognize the loan on its consolidated balance sheets and establish a corresponding repurchase liability regardless of Nationstar s intention to repurchase the loan. Nationstar s re-recognized loans included in other assets and the corresponding liability in payables and accrued liabilities was $  144   at   September 30, 2016   and   $117   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Tax receivable assets are primarily due to net operating tax losses recorded in 2016 and true-up adjustments associated with federal income tax returns for prior years. 
    
  Real estate owned (REO), net includes   $21   and   $15   of REO loans with a government or GSE guarantee at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, limiting loss exposure to the Company. 
    
  Other primarily includes non-advance related accounts receivables due from investors and various other miscellaneous assets. 

7. Derivative Financial Instruments    
    
  Derivative instruments utilized by Nationstar primarily include interest rate lock commitments ("IRLCs"), Loan Purchase Commitments ("LPCs"), Forward Mortgage Backed Securities ("MBS") trades, Eurodollar futures, interest rate swap agreements and interest rate caps. Nationstar enters into IRLCs with prospective borrowers. These commitments are carried at fair value, with any changes in fair value recorded in earnings as a component of net gain on mortgage loans held for sale. The estimated fair values of IRLCs are based on the fair value of the related mortgage loans which is based on observable market data and is recorded in derivative financial instruments within the consolidated balance sheets. Nationstar adjusts the outstanding IRLCs with prospective borrowers based on an expectation that it will be exercised and the loan will be funded. 
    
  Nationstar actively manages the risk profiles of its IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale on a daily basis. To manage the price risk associated with IRLCs, Nationstar enters into forward sales of MBS in an amount equal to the portion of the IRLC expected to close, assuming no change in mortgage interest rates. In addition, to manage the interest rate risk associated with mortgage loans held for sale, Nationstar enters into forward sale commitments to deliver mortgage loan inventory to investors. The estimated fair values of forward sales of MBS and forward sale commitments are based on exchange prices or the dealer market price and are recorded as a component of derivative financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets. The changes in value on forward sales of MBS and forward sale commitments are recorded as a charge or credit to net gain on mortgage loans held for sale. 

21 

Associated with the Company's derivatives are   $10   and   $4   in collateral deposits on derivative instruments recorded in other assets and payables and accrued liabilities on the Company's balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The Company does not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments and the amounts collected and/or deposited on derivative instruments in its consolidated balance sheets.  
    
  Nationstar enters into contracts with other mortgage lenders to purchase residential mortgage loans at a future date, which are referred to as LPCs. LPCs are accounted for as derivatives and recorded at fair value in derivative financial instruments on Nationstar's consolidated balance sheet. Changes in LPCs are recorded as a charge or credit to net gain on mortgage loans held for sale. 
    
  Nationstar enters into Eurodollar futures and Treasury futures contracts to replicate the economic hedging results achieved with interest rate swaps or offset the changes in value of its forward sales of certain agency securities. The Company has not designated its futures contracts as hedges for accounting purposes. Eurodollar futures are accounted for as derivatives and recorded at fair value in derivative financial instruments. Realized and unrealized changes in fair value are recorded as a charge or credit to net gain on mortgage loans held for sale. 
    
  Periodically, Nationstar enters into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the interest payment on the warehouse debt and securitization of its mortgage loans held for sale. These interest rate swap agreements generally require Nationstar to pay a fixed interest rate and receive a variable interest rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"). Interest rate swaps are accounted for as derivative financial instruments. Unless designated as an accounting hedge, Nationstar records gains and losses on interest rate swaps as a component of gain/(loss) on interest rate swaps and caps in Nationstar s consolidated statements of operations. Unrealized losses on designated interest rate derivatives are separately disclosed under operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2015, Nationstar entered into   two   interest rate caps with notional values of   $800   and   $400   to mitigate interest rate risk associated with servicing advance facilities. Expenses associated with interest rate caps are recorded as a gain/(loss) on interest rate swaps and caps in Nationstar's consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not elect hedge accounting related to these agreements and they expired during the first quarter of 2016. The Company did not enter into any new agreements for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  
   22 

The following tables provide the outstanding notional balances, fair values of outstanding positions and recorded gains/(losses). 

(1)    Fair values of derivative instruments are less than   $0.1   for the specified dates. 

23 

8. Indebtedness    
    
  Notes Payable   

(1)    These facilities, specific to Home Community Mortgage ("HCM"), were repaid in October 2016. 
  
   24 

Unsecured Senior Notes 
    
  A summary of the balances of unsecured senior notes is presented below. 

Nationstar repurchased   $29   in principal amount of outstanding notes through the third quarter of 2016 at a discount resulting in a gain of   $0.1  . The repurchase price included the principal amount of the note, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
    
  The indentures for the unsecured senior notes contain various covenants and restrictions that limit the ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, make certain investments, create liens, consolidate, merge or sell substantially all of their assets or enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The indentures contain certain events of default, including (subject, in some cases, to customary cure periods and materiality thresholds) defaults based on (i) the failure to make payments under the indenture when due, (ii) breach of covenants, (iii) cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness, (iv) certain bankruptcy or insolvency events, (v) material judgments and (vi) invalidity of material guarantees. 
    
  The indentures for the unsecured senior notes allow Nationstar to redeem all or a portion of the notes prior to certain fixed dates by paying a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, to the redemption dates. On or after certain fixed dates, Nationstar may redeem all or a portion of the unsecured senior notes at the applicable redemption prices set forth in the indentures plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, to the redemption dates.  
    
  Additionally, the indentures provide that on or before certain fixed dates, Nationstar may redeem up to   35%   of the aggregate principal amount of the unsecured senior notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at fixed redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, to the redemption dates, subject to compliance with certain conditions. 
  The ratios included in the indentures for the unsecured senior notes are incurrence-based compared to the customary ratio covenants that are often found in credit agreements that require a company to maintain a certain ratio. 
  As of September 30, 2016  , the expected maturities of Nationstar's unsecured senior notes based on contractual maturities as follows. 

25 

Other Nonrecourse Debt 

(1)    Amounts represent the Company's participating interest in various securitized portfolios transferred to the Company. 
   (2)    The Company retained approximately   $70   and   $36   of the Class A and Class M notes upon issuance, respectively, which were later sold in the first quarter of 2015 for proceeds of   $73  . In January 2016, the Company executed the optional redemption of the associated notes. 
   (3)    In July 2016, the Company executed the optional redemption of the associated notes. 
  Participating Interest Financing 
  Participating interest financing represents the obligation to Ginnie Mae related to the transfer of reverse mortgage interests and subsequent securitization through issuance of HMBS. Nationstar has accounted for these securitizations on its consolidated balance sheets as secured borrowings, retaining the reverse mortgage interests and recording the HMBS obligation as participating interest financing liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Monthly cash flows generated from the HECM loans are used to service the HMBS through securitization of advances on the HECM loans. The interest rate is based on the underlying HMBS rate with a range of   0.8%   to   7.0%  . 
    
  HECM Securitizations 
  From time to time, the Company securitizes its interests in reverse mortgages that were previously securitized in HMBS pools. These subsequent securitization transactions provide investors with the ability to invest in a pool of first-lien inactive HECMs covered by Federal Housing Administration ("FHA") insurance and a pool of REO properties acquired through foreclosure in connection with HECM loans. The transactions provide the Company with access to liquidity for the non-performing HECM loan portfolio, ongoing servicing fees, and potential residual returns. The transactions are structured as secured borrowings with the reverse mortgage loans included in the consolidated financial statements as reverse mortgage interests and the related financing included in other nonrecourse debt. Interest is accrued at a rate of   2.0%   to   7.4%   on the outstanding securitized notes. The notes are callable with expected weighted average lives of   one   to   three years  . The Company may re-securitize the collateral from called notes to achieve a lower cost of funds. 

26 

Nonrecourse Debt Legacy Assets   
  During November 2009, Nationstar completed the securitization of approximately   $222   of asset backed securities ("ABS"), which was accounted for as a secured borrowing. This structure resulted in Nationstar carrying the securitized mortgage loans on its consolidated bal  ance sheets and recognizing the asset-backed certificates acquired by third parties as nonrecourse debt o  f   $54   at   September 30, 2016   and   $65   at   December 31, 2015  . The principal and interest on these notes are paid using the cash flows from the underlying mortgage loans, which serve as collateral for the debt. The interest rate paid on the outstanding securities is   7.5%  , which is subject to an available funds cap. The total outstanding principal balance on the underlying mortgage loans serving as collateral for the debt was approximately   $217   and   $242   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Financial Covenants 
  The Company's borrowing arrangements and credit facilities contain various financial covenants which primarily relate to required tangible net worth amounts, liquidity reserves, leverage requirements, and profitability requirements. As a result of the change in interest rates during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , Nationstar recorded a charge to service related revenue for changes in fair value associated with the Company's MSRs recorded at fair value. Nationstar was unable to meet the profitability requirements in   two   facilities as of September 30, 2016. Nationstar received waivers from these financial institutions on the profitability requirements. After giving effect to these waivers, the Company was in compliance with all required financial covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Nationstar is required to maintain a minimum tangible net worth of at least   $682   as of each quarter-end related to its outstanding Master Repurchase Agreements on its outstanding repurchase facilities. At   September 30, 2016  , Nationstar was in compliance with these minimum tangible net worth requirements. 

9. Payables and Accrued Liabilities 
    
  Payables and accrued liabilities consist of the following. 

Payables to Servicing and Subservicing Investors, Payables to GSEs, and Payables to Securitization Trusts 
  Payables to servicing and subservicing investors represent amounts due in connection with loans serviced and that are paid from collections of the underlying loans, insurance proceeds or proceeds from property disposal. 
    
  Loans Subject to Repurchase from Ginnie Mae 
  See Note 6, Other Assets for a description of assets and liabilities related to loans subject to repurchase from Ginnie Mae. 
    
  Payables to Insurance Carriers and Insurance Cancellation Reserves 
  Payable to insurance carriers and insurance cancellation reserves consist of insurance premiums received from borrower payments awaiting disbursement to the insurance carrier and/or amounts due to third party investors on liquidated loans. 
    
  Lease Obligations 
  Lease obligations consist of capital leases and deferred rent. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company entered into a capital lease with annual lease payments of   $3 million  . The lease expires in 2019.  
  
   27 

Other Payables 
  Other payables are primarily comprised of tax liabilities, deferred service fees and liabilities related to origination activities. 

10. Securitizations and Financings    
    
  Variable Interest Entities 
  In the normal course of business, Nationstar enters into various types of on- and off-balance sheet transactions with special purpose entities ("SPE") determined to be a VIE, which primarily consist of securitization trusts established for a limited purpose. Generally, these SPEs are formed for the purpose of securitization transactions in which Nationstar transfers assets to an SPE, which then issues to investors various forms of debt obligations supported by those assets. In these securitization transactions, Nationstar typically receives cash and/or other interests in the SPE as proceeds for the transferred assets. Nationstar will typically retain the right to service the transferred receivables and to repurchase the transferred receivables from the SPE if the outstanding balance of the receivables falls to a level where the cost exceeds the benefits of servicing the transferred receivables. All debt obligations issued from the VIEs are non-recourse to Nationstar. 
    
  Nationstar evaluates its interest in certain entities to determine if these entities meet the definition of a VIE and whether the Company is the primary beneficiary and should consolidate the entity based on the variable interests it held both at inception and when there is a change in circumstances that require a reconsideration. 
    
  A summary of the assets and liabilities of Nationstar s transactions with VIEs included in the Company s consolidated financial statements is presented below for the periods indicated: 

(1)    Advance facilities include the Nationstar agency advance financing facility and notes payable recorded by the Nationstar mortgage advance receivable trust, and the Nationstar agency advance receivables trust. Refer to Notes Payable in Note   8. Indebtedness   for additional information. 
   (2)    Participating interest financing excludes premiums. 

28 

11. Stockholders' Equity 
    
  On December 17, 2015, Nationstar announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to   $150   of the registrant's outstanding common stock through December 16, 2016. On February 9, 2016, Nationstar s Board of Directors authorized a   $100   increase to the original repurchase authorization for an aggregate repurchase authorization of   $250   under the Company s share repurchase program.   As of September 30, 2016  , a total of   11,426 thousand   shares have been repurchased since the inception of the plan, of which   10,589 thousand   shares were acquired in 2016 for   $114  . 
  During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , certain employees of Nationstar were granted   56 thousand   and   1,552 thousand   restricted stock units ("RSUs"), respectively. The RSUs generally vest in installments of   33.3%  ,   33.3%   and   33.4%   respectively on each of the first three anniversaries of the awards, provided that (i) the participant remains continuously employed with us during that time or (ii) the participant's employment has terminated by reason of retirement. In addition, upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company, the unvested shares of an award will vest. The ultimate value of the award, however, depends on the market value of Nationstar common stock on the vesting date. The Company recognized   $6   and   $18   of expense related to the share-based awards during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $4   and   $15   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

12. Income Taxes 
    
  The components of income tax expense (benefit) on continuing operations were as follows: 

For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rates differed from the statutory federal rate of   35%   primarily due to the elimination of the book loss of a less-than-wholly-owned subsidiary, state taxes and certain other permanent differences. The relative impact of these permanent differences on the effective tax rate is based upon forecasted pre-tax income or loss for the year. 
    
  The elimination of the book loss attributable to a less-than-wholly-owned subsidiary is treated as a permanent difference and increases taxable income. The Company is in a net income position for the three months ended September 30, 2016, therefore this permanent difference will increase the effective tax rate and income tax expense. The Company is in a net loss position for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , accordingly, the book loss attributable to a less-than-wholly-owned subsidiary reduces the effective tax rate and the income tax benefit.  

29 

13. Fair Value Measurements    
    
  Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Accordingly, a fair value measurement should be determined based on the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, a three-tiered fair value hierarchy has been established based on the level of observable inputs used in the measurement of fair value (e.g., Level 1 representing quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market; Level 2 representing values using observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1; and Level 3 representing estimated values based on significant unobservable inputs).  
  The following describes the methods and assumptions used by Nationstar in estimating fair values. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash (Level 1)     The carrying amount reported in the consolidated balance sheets approximates fair value. 
  Mortgage Loans Held for Sale (Level 2)     Nationstar originates mortgage loans in the U.S. it intends to sell to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. Additionally, Nationstar holds mortgage loans it intends to sell into the secondary markets through whole loan sales or securitizations. Nationstar measures newly originated prime residential mortgage loans held for sale at fair value. 
  Mortgage loans held for sale are typically pooled together and sold into certain exit markets, depending upon underlying attributes of the loan, such as agency eligibility, product type, interest rate, and credit quality. Mortgage loans held for sale are valued on a recurring basis using a market approach by utilizing either: (i) the fair value of securities backed by similar mortgage loans, adjusted for certain factors to approximate the fair value of a whole mortgage loan, including the value attributable to mortgage servicing and credit risk, (ii) current commitments to purchase loans or (iii) recent observable market trades for similar loans, adjusted for credit risk and other individual loan characteristics. As these prices are derived from market observable inputs, Nationstar classifies these valuations as Level 2 in the fair value disclosures. 
    
  The Company may acquire mortgage loans held for sale from various securitization trusts for which it acts as servicer through the exercise of various clean-up call options as permitted through the respective pooling and servicing agreements. The Company has elected to account for these loans at the lower of cost or market. Nationstar classifies these valuations as Level 2 in the fair value disclosures. 
    
  Nationstar may also purchase loans out of a Ginnie Mae securitization pool if that loan meets certain criteria, including being delinquent greater than 90 days. Nationstar has elected to carry these loans at fair value, which is a Level 2 fair value measurement. See Note 5, Mortgage Loan Held for Sale and Investment for more information. 
  Mortgage Loans Held for Investment, Net (Level 3)     Nationstar determines the fair value of loans held for investment, net, using internally developed valuation models. These valuation models estimate the exit price Nationstar expects to receive in the loan s principal market. Although Nationstar utilizes and gives priority to observable market inputs such as interest rates and market spreads within these models, Nationstar typically is required to utilize internal inputs, such as prepayment speeds and discount rates. These internal inputs require the use of judgment by Nationstar and can have a significant impact on the determination of the loan s fair value. As these prices are derived from internally developed valuation models, Nationstar classifies these valuations as Level 3 in the fair value disclosures. See Note 5, Mortgage Loan Held for Sale and Investment for more information. 
  Mortgage Servicing Rights   Fair Value (Level 3)     Nationstar estimates the fair value of its forward MSRs on a recurring basis using a process that combines the use of a discounted cash flow model and analysis of current market data to arrive at an estimate of fair value. The cash flow assumptions and prepayment assumptions used in the model are based on various factors, with the key assumptions being mortgage prepayment speeds, discount rates, ancillary revenues, advance recovery rates and costs to service. These assumptions are generated and applied based on collateral stratifications including product type, remittance type, geography, delinquency and coupon dispersion. These assumptions require the use of judgment by Nationstar and can have a significant impact on the fair value of the MSRs. Quarterly, management obtains third party valuations to assess the reasonableness of the fair value calculations provided by the internal cash flow model. Because of the nature of the valuation inputs, Nationstar classifies these valuations as Level 3 in the fair value disclosures. See Note 2, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities for more information. 
  Advances and Other Receivables, Net (Level 3)   - Advances and other receivables are valued at their net realizable value, which generally approximates fair value because advances have no stated maturity and the effect of interest over their recovery period is not material. See Note 3, Advances and Other Receivables, Net for more information. 
  
   30 

Reverse Mortgage Interests, Net (Level 3)     The Company s reverse mortgage interests are primarily comprised of HECM loans that are insured by FHA and guaranteed by Ginnie Mae upon securitization. Fair value for active reverse mortgage loans is estimated based on pricing of recent securitizations with similar attributes and characteristics, such as collateral values and prepayment speeds and adjusted as necessary for differences. The recent timing of these transactions allows the pricing to consider the current interest rate risk exposures. The fair value of inactive reverse mortgage loans is established based upon a discounted par value of the loan derived from the Company s historical loss factors experienced on foreclosed loans. 
  Derivative Financial Instruments (Level 2)     Nationstar enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments as part of its hedging strategy and measures these instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheets. The majority of these derivatives are exchange-traded or traded within highly active dealer markets. In order to determine the fair value of these instruments, Nationstar utilizes the exchange price or dealer market price for the particular derivative contract, therefore, these contracts are classified as Level 2. In addition, Nationstar enters into IRLCs and LPCs with prospective borrowers and other loan originators. These commitments are recorded at fair value based on the observable market data related to the underlying mortgage loans. Nationstar adjusts the outstanding IRLCs with prospective borrowers based on an expectation that it will be exercised and the loan will be funded. IRLCs and LPCs are recorded in derivative financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets. These commitments are classified as Level 2 in the fair value disclosures, as the valuations are based on market observable inputs. Nationstar has entered into Eurodollar futures and Treasury futures contracts as part of its hedging strategy. The future contracts are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as Level 2 in the fair value disclosures as the valuation is based on market observable data. See Note 7, Derivative Financial Instruments for more information. 
  Advance Facilities and Warehouse Facilities (Level 2)     As the underlying warehouse and advance finance facilities bear interest at a rate that is periodically adjusted based on a market index, the carrying amount reported on the consolidated balance sheets approximates fair value. See Note 8, Indebtedness for more information. 
  Unsecured Senior Notes (Level 1)     The fair value of unsecured senior notes, which are carried at amortized cost, is based on quoted market prices and is considered Level 1 from the market observable inputs used to determine fair value. See Note 8, Indebtedness for more information. 
  Nonrecourse Debt   Legacy Assets (Level 3)     Nationstar estimates fair value based on the present value of future expected discounted cash flows with the discount rate approximating current market value for similar financial instruments. These inputs are derived from a combination of internally developed valuation models and quoted market prices, and are classified as Level 3. See Note 8, Indebtedness for more information. 
  Excess Spread Financing (Level 3)     Nationstar estimates fair value on a recurring basis based on the present value of future expected discounted cash flows with the discount rate approximating current market value for similar financial instruments. The cash flow assumptions used in the model are based on various factors, with the key assumptions being mortgage prepayment speeds, average life, recapture rates and discount rate. As these prices are derived from a combination of internally developed valuation models and quoted market prices based on the value of the underlying MSRs, Nationstar classifies these valuations as Level 3 in the fair value disclosures. See Note 2, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities for more information. 
  Mortgage Servicing Rights Financing Liability (Level 3)   - Nationstar estimates fair value on a recurring basis based on the present value of future expected discounted cash flows. The cash flow assumptions used in the model are based on various factors, with the key assumptions being advance financing rates, annual advance recovery rates and working capital. As these prices are derived from a combination of internally developed valuation models based on the value of the underlying MSRs, Nationstar classifies these valuations as Level 3 in the fair value disclosures. See Note 2, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities for more information. 
  Participating Interest Financing (Level 2)     Nationstar estimates the fair value using a market approach by utilizing the fair value of securities backed by similar participating interests in reverse mortgage loans. Nationstar classifies these valuations as Level 2 in the fair value disclosures. See Note 2, Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities, and Note 8, Indebtedness for more information. 
  HECM Securitizations (Level 3)     Nationstar estimates fair value of the nonrecourse debt related to HECM securitization based on the present value of future expected discounted cash flows with the discount rate approximating that of similar financial instruments. As the prices are derived from both internal models and other observable inputs, Nationstar classifies this as Level 3 in the fair value disclosures. See Note 8, Indebtedness for more information. 
  
   31 

The following table presents the estimated carrying amount and fair value of Nationstar s financial instruments and other assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.   

(1)    Based on the nature and risks of the underlying assets and liabilities, the fair value is presented for the aggregate account. 
   (2)    Fair value of derivative instruments are less than   $0.1   for the specified dates. 

32 

The table below presents a reconciliation for all of Nationstar s Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

No transfers were made into or out of Level 3 fair value assets and liabilities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or the   twelve months ended December 31, 2015  .  
  
   33 

The table below presents a summary of the estimated carrying amount and fair value of Nationstar s financial instruments.   

34 

14. Capital Requirements    
    
  Certain of Nationstar's secondary market investors require minimum net worth ("capital") requirements, as specified in the respective selling and servicing agreements. In addition, these investors may require capital ratios in excess of the stated requirements to approve large servicing transfers. To the extent that these requirements are not met, Nationstar's secondary market investors may utilize a range of remedies ranging from sanctions, suspension or ultimately termination of Nationstar's selling and servicing agreements, which would prohibit Nationstar from further originating or securitizing these specific types of mortgage loans or being an approved servicer. 
  Among Nationstar's various capital requirements related to its outstanding selling and servicing agreements, the most restrictive of these requires Nationstar to maintain a minimum adjusted net worth balance of   $1,136  .   As of September 30, 2016  , Nationstar was in compliance with its selling and servicing capital requirements. 

15. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
  Nationstar and its subsidiaries are routinely and currently involved in a significant number of legal proceedings concerning matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. The legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudication, arbitration or investigation. These actions and proceedings are generally based on alleged violations of consumer protection, securities, employment, contract, tort, common law fraud and other numerous laws, including, without limitation, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Service Member s Civil Relief Act, Telephone Consumer Protection Act, Truth in Lending Act, Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in violation of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Title 11 of the United States Code (aka the Bankruptcy  Code), False Claims Act and Making Home Affordable loan modification programs. Some of the proceedings present novel legal theories.  
    
  In addition, along with others in our industry, the Company is subject to repurchase and indemnification claims and may continue to receive claims in the future, regarding alleged breaches of representations and warranties relating to the sale of mortgage loans, the placement of mortgage loans into securitization trusts or the servicing of mortgage loans securitizations. The Company has entered into agreements with a number of entities that are parties to various securitizations or other agreements that toll applicable limitations periods with respect to their claims. The Company is also subject to legal actions or proceedings related to loss sharing and indemnification provisions of our various acquisitions. Certain of the pending or threatened legal proceedings include claims for substantial compensatory, punitive and/or, statutory damages or claims for an indeterminate amount of damages.  
    
  Nationstar s business is also subject to extensive examinations, investigations and reviews by various federal, state and local regulatory and enforcement agencies. Nationstar has historically had a number of open investigations with various regulators or enforcement agencies. We have experienced an increase in regulatory and governmental investigations, subpoenas, examinations and other inquiries. Nationstar is currently the subject of various regulatory or governmental investigations, subpoenas, examinations and inquiries related to its residential loan servicing and origination practices, bankruptcy and collections practices, its financial reporting and other aspects of its businesses. These matters include investigations by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Executive Office of the United States Trustees, the Department of Justice, the multistate coalition of mortgage banking regulators, various State Attorneys General, the New York Department of Financial Services, and the California Department of Business Oversight. These specific matters and other pending or potential future investigations, subpoenas, examinations or inquiries may lead to administrative, civil or criminal proceedings, and possibly result in remedies including fines, penalties, restitution, or alterations in our business practices, and in additional expenses and collateral costs. Responding to these matters requires Nationstar to devote substantial legal and regulatory resources, resulting in higher costs and lower net cash flows. 
    
  The Company seeks to resolve all litigation and regulatory and governmental matters in the manner management believes is in the best interest of the Company and contests liability, allegations of wrongdoing and, where applicable, the amount of damages or scope of any penalties or other relief sought as appropriate in each pending matter. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal and regulatory and governmental proceedings utilizing the latest information available. Where available information indicates that it is probable a liability has been incurred and the Company can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss, an accrued liability is established. The actual costs of resolving these proceedings may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued. 

35 

As a litigation or regulatory matter develops, the Company, in conjunction with any outside counsel handling the matter, evaluates on an ongoing basis whether such matter presents a loss contingency that is both probable and estimable. If, at the time of evaluation, the loss contingency is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the matter will continue to be monitored for further developments that would make such loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. Once the matter is deemed to be both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company will establish an accrued liability and record a corresponding amount to litigation related expense. The Company will continue to monitor the matter for further developments that could affect the amount of the accrued liability that has been previously established. Litigation related expense, which includes legal settlements and the fees paid to external legal service providers, of   $16   and   $49   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and   $14   and   $37   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively, was included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  For a number of matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible in future periods, whether in excess of a related accrued liability or where there is no accrued liability, the Company may be able to estimate a range of possible loss. In determining whether it is possible to provide an estimate of loss or range of possible loss, the Company reviews and evaluates its litigation and regulatory and governmental matters on an ongoing basis, in conjunction with any outside counsel handling the matter. For those matters for which an estimate is possible, management currently believes the aggregate range of reasonably possible loss is   $19   to   $55   in excess of the accrued liability (if any) related to those matters as of   September 30, 2016  . This estimated range of possible loss is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment, numerous assumptions and known and unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary substantially from the current estimate. Those matters for which an estimate is not possible are not included within the estimated range.  Therefore, this estimated range of possible loss represents what management believes to be an estimate of possible loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria.  It does not represent the Company's maximum loss exposure and the Company cannot provide assurance that its litigations reserves will not need to be adjusted in the future. Thus, our exposure and ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued or this aggregate amount. 
    
  In our experience, legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable. One or more of the following factors frequently contribute to this inherent unpredictability: the proceeding is in its early stages; the damages sought are unspecified, unsupported or uncertain; it is unclear whether a case brought as a class action will be allowed to proceed on that basis or, if permitted to proceed as a class action, how the class will be defined; the other party is seeking relief other than or in addition to compensatory damages (including, in the case of regulatory and governmental investigations and inquiries, the possibility of fines and penalties); the matter presents meaningful legal uncertainties, including novel issues of law; we have not engaged in meaningful settlement discussions; discovery has not started or is not complete; there are significant facts in dispute; predicting possible outcomes depends on making assumptions about future decisions of courts or regulatory bodies or the behavior of other parties; and there are a large number of parties named as defendants (including where it is uncertain how damages or liability, if any, will be shared among multiple defendants). Generally, the less progress that has been made in the proceedings or the broader the range of potential results, the harder it is for us to estimate losses or ranges of losses that it is reasonably possible we could incur.  
    
  Based on current knowledge, and after consultation with counsel, management believes that the  current legal accrued liability is appropriate, and the amount of any incremental liability arising from these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of the Company, although the outcome of such proceedings could be material to the Company s operating results and cash flows for a particular period depending, on among other things, the level of the Company s revenues or income for such period. However, in the event of significant developments on existing cases, it is possible that the ultimate resolution, if unfavorable, may be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Loan and Other Commitments 
  Nationstar enters into IRLCs with prospective borrowers whereby the Company commits to lend a certain loan amount under specific terms and interest rates to the borrower. Nationstar also enters into LPCs with prospective sellers. These loan commitments are treated as derivatives and are carried at fair value. See Note 7, Derivative Financial Instruments. 
    
  Nationstar has certain reverse MSRs and reverse mortgage loans related to approximately   $26,855   of UPB in reverse mortgage loans. As servicer for these reverse mortgage loans, among other things, the Company is obligated to fund borrowers' draws to the loan customers as required in accordance with the loan agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s maximum unfunded advance obligation to fund borrower draws related to these MSRs and loans was approximately   $2,738  . Upon funding any portion of these draws, the Company expects to securitize and sell the advances in transactions that will be accounted for as a financing arrangement. 

36 

16. Business Segment Reporting 
    
  Nationstar s segments are based upon Nationstar s organizational structure, which focuses primarily on the services offered. The accounting policies of each reportable segment are consistent with those of Nationstar except for 1) expenses for consolidated back-office operations and general overhead-type expenses such as executive administration and accounting, and 2) revenues generated on inter-segment services performed. Expenses are allocated to individual segments based on the estimated value of services performed, including estimated utilization of square footage and corporate personnel as well as the equity invested in each segment. Revenues generated or inter-segment services performed are valued based on similar services provided to external parties. 
    
  The following tables present financial information by segment. 

37 

38 

17. Guarantor Financial Statement Information 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Nationstar Mortgage LLC and Nationstar Capital Corporation   (1)    (collectively, the "Issuer"), both wholly-owned subsidiaries of Nationstar, have issued   $2,000   aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes, net of repayments, which mature on various dates through   June 1, 2022  . The unsecured senior notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by all of Nationstar Mortgage LLC s existing and future domestic subsidiaries other than its securitization and certain finance subsidiaries, certain other restricted subsidiaries, excluded restricted subsidiaries and subsidiaries that in the future Nationstar Mortgage LLC designates as unrestricted subsidiaries. All guarantor subsidiaries are   100%   owned by Nationstar Mortgage LLC. Nationstar and its   two   direct wholly-owned subsidiaries are guarantors of the unsecured senior notes as well. Presented below are the condensed consolidating financial statements of Nationstar, Nationstar Mortgage LLC and the guarantor subsidiaries for the periods indicated. 
    
  In the condensed consolidating financial statements presented below, Nationstar allocates income tax expense to Nationstar Mortgage LLC as if it were a separate tax payer entity pursuant to ASC 740, Income Taxes. 
    
   (1)   Nationstar Capital Corporation has no assets, operations or liabilities other than being a co-obligor of the unsecured senior notes. 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

18. Transactions with Affiliates    
    
  Nationstar enters into arrangements with Fortress, its subsidiaries managed funds, or affiliates for purposes of financing the Company's MSR acquisitions and cash flow requirements. An affiliate of Fortress holds a majority of the outstanding common shares of the Company. The following summarizes the transactions with affiliates of Fortress. During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company earned revenues from affiliates of Fortress totaling   $3   and   $8  , respectively, compared to   $2   and   $7   from the same periods in   2015  , respectively, as described below. 
    
  Newcastle Investment Corp. ("Newcastle") 
  Nationstar is the loan servicer for several securitized loan portfolios managed by Newcastle, which is managed by an affiliate of Fortress. Nationstar receives a monthly net servicing fee equal to   0.5%   per annum on the unpaid principal balance of the Portfolios, which was   $597   and   $658  , at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   respectively.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Nationstar received servicing fees and other performance incentive fees of   $1   and   $1  , respectively.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Nationstar received servicing fees and other performance incentive fees of   $2   and $  3  , respectively.  
    
  New Residential Investment Corp. ("New Residential") 
  Excess Spread Financing 
  Nationstar has entered into several agreements with certain entities formed by New Residential, in which New Residential and/or certain funds managed by Fortress own an interest (each a "New Residential Entity"). Nationstar sold to the related New Residential Entity the right to receive a portion of the excess cash flow generated from certain acquired MSRs after a receipt of a fixed base servicing fee per loan. Nationstar, as the servicer of the loans, retains all ancillary revenues and the remaining portion of the excess cash flow after payment of the fixed base servicing fee and also provides all advancing functions for the portfolio. The related New Residential Entity does not have prior or ongoing obligations associated with these MSR portfolios. Should Nationstar refinance any loan in such portfolios, subject to certain limitations, Nationstar will be required to transfer the new loan or a replacement loan of similar economic characteristics into the portfolios. The new or replacement loan will be governed by the same terms set forth in the agreements described above.  
    
  The fair value of the outstanding liability related to these agreements was   $1,012   and   $1,232   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Fees paid to New Residential Entity totaled   $71   and   $222   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively and   $77   and   $216   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively, which are recorded as a reduction to servicing fee revenue, net. 
    
  Mortgage Servicing Rights Financing 
  From December 2013 through June 2014, Nationstar entered into agreements to sell a contractually specified base fee component of certain MSRs and servicing advances under specified terms to New Residential and certain unaffiliated third-parties. Nationstar continues to be the named servicer and, for accounting purposes, ownership of the mortgage servicing rights continues to reside with Nationstar. Accordingly, Nationstar accounts for the MSRs and the related MSRs financing liability on its consolidated balance sheets.  
    
  Special purpose subsidiaries of Nationstar previously issued approximately   $2,100   of nonrecourse variable funding notes to finance the advances funded or acquired by Nationstar. These notes were issued by   two   wholly-owned special purpose entities under servicer advance facilities. Pursuant to a sale agreement, New Residential purchased the outstanding equity of the wholly-owned special purpose entities. On the sale date, New Residential and Nationstar amended and restated the transaction documents for each facility. Under these amended and restated transaction documents for each facility, Nationstar will continue to sell future servicing advances to New Residential. 
    
  The fair value of the outstanding liability related to the Sale Agreement was   $67   and   $69   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Nationstar did not enter into any additional supplemental agreements with the Purchaser in 2016 and 2015.  

50 

Other 
  In May 2014, Nationstar entered into a servicing arrangement with New Residential whereby Nationstar will service residential mortgage loans acquired by New Residential and/or its various affiliates and trust entities.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Nationstar recognized revenue of   $1   and   $1   related to these servicing arrangements, respectively.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Nationstar recognized revenue of   $4   and   $3   related to these servicing arrangements, respectively. Nationstar acted as servicer or master servicer for New Residential related to for the collapse of certain securitization trusts pursuant to the exercise by New Residential of its clean up call rights. The Company earned revenue of   $0.5   for these administration services during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . The Company earned revenue of   $0.1   for these administration services during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Nationstar earned revenue of   $0.7   and   $0.2   for these administration services, respectively. 
    
  In February 2013, Nationstar acquired certain fixed and adjustable rate reverse mortgage loans with an unpaid principal balance totaling   $83   for a purchase price of   $50  . In conjunction with this acquisition, Nationstar entered into an agreement with NIC Reverse Loan LLC ("NIC"), a subsidiary of New Residential, whereby it sold NIC a   70%   participating interest of the acquired reverse mortgage loans. Both Nationstar and NIC are entitled to the related percentage interest of all amounts received with respect to the reverse mortgage loans, net of payments of servicing fees and the reimbursement to Nationstar of servicing advances. Nationstar records to servicing fee revenue the fixed payments received per loan for servicing NICs interest in these reverse mortgage loans, which totaled   $0.1   and   $0.1   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and   $0.3   and   $0.2   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Nationstar records NICs interest as a reduction to reverse mortgage interests on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  OneMain Financial Holdings, LLC 
  On November 15, 2015, Springleaf Holdings, Inc. which is primarily owned by certain private equity funds managed by an affiliate of Fortress, completed its acquisition of OneMain Financial Holdings, LLC, and changed its corporate name from Springleaf Holdings, Inc. to OneMain Holdings, Inc. Nationstar receives a monthly per loan subservicing fee and other performance incentive fees subject to agreements with OneMain Financial Holdings, LLC.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Nationstar recognized revenue of   $0.3   and   $0.3  , respectively, in additional servicing and other performance incentive fees related to these portfolios.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Nationstar recognized revenue of   $1   and   $1  , respectively, in additional servicing and other performance incentive fees related to these portfolios. 

51 

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("MD A") should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015  . The following discussion contains, in addition to the historical information, forward-looking statements that include risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by such statements.  
    
  Dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share data and other key metrics, unless otherwise noted.  
  OVERVIEW 
  Nationstar is an integrated servicer, originator and provider of transaction based services for residential mortgages in the United States. Our operations are conducted through three segments: Servicing, Originations and Xome. Our success depends on working with customers, investors and GSEs to deliver quality services and solutions that foster and preserve home ownership. The Company is the largest nonbank servicer and the fourth largest servicer of residential mortgage loans in the nation, growing its portfolio of serviced loans through ownership of mortgage servicing rights and execution of subservicing arrangements. We originate conventional residential mortgage loans under our Greenlight and Nationstar brands and leverage existing relationships with borrowers of our serviced portfolios to modify or originate new loans. Our Xome operations represent a leading industry provider of a residential real estate marketing platform and offerings of real estate sales transaction support services. Through our Xome platform, which offers technology and data enhanced solutions to home buyers, home sellers and real estate professionals, we enhance the home buying and selling experience. Xome provides services to three of the top five money center banks with various services including title and close, appraisal and, increasingly, technology solutions. 
    
  The Company continues to demonstrate its emergence as a leader in the residential mortgage marketplace through the expansion of its serviced portfolios. The number of forward loans serviced by the Company has grown by approximately 20% compared to the same period in 2015. In the third quarter of 2016, a total of 509,000 loans were added to the servicing platforms. This increase represents the largest portfolio growth in a quarter since 2013 and was primarily driven by the addition of subserviced portfolios associated with the commencement of the previously announced subservicing contracts executed with USAA Federal Savings Bank ("USAA") and Seneca Mortgage Servicing LLC ("Seneca"). The expansion of our subservicing operations allows the Company to leverage the scale of its IT and labor capital to provide cost effective servicing to our customers while limiting the use of cash resources.  
    
  Servicing segment revenues grew 96% in the third quarter 2016 over 2015 due to the favorable impact of higher interest rates on mark-to-market revenue adjustments, partially offset by higher amortization from increased prepayment on loans. Fee revenue associated with the Company's MSRs declined due to lower average UPB balances, which was partially offset by higher revenues associated with subservicing operations. After adding back mark-to-market adjustments, profits for the segment grew to   $39   in 2016 compared to   $24   in 2015. This growth is primarily attributable to cost containment measures and lower required reserves in the quarter. As the Company anticipates further growth in its subservicing operations, expense prioritization and cost reductions will be required in order to achieve the desired returns. 
    
  The Originations segment continues to execute during the low interest rate environment. Third quarter 2016 revenues of   $225   increased 24% over 2015 and represent the second consecutive quarter of record growth in the past three years. This strong performance exceeds prior year results by 24% and is driven by our direct-to-consumer business. While economic forecasts anticipate mortgage rates to continue near historic lows, other factors such as job growth will influence the outlook for this segment. 
    
  Total revenues for Xome remained flat in 2016 due to lower REO auction sales, offset by higher title and escrow services revenue consistent with the growth in loan refinancings and modifications. Expenses decreased slightly from 2015 due to lower marketing expenses. Xome continues to focus its investment in is sales platforms while strengthening its support to the Company's servicing and originations operations.  
  
   52 

Third Quarter 2016 Highlights 
    
  Major highlights for the third quarter of 2016 include: 

Achieved 4.0 basis points of Servicing profitability despite   $92   in total amortization expense. 
                   
    Our delinquency rate, measured as loans that are 60 or more days behind in payments, declined to     5%   from 7% at the start of the year. 
                
    Provided over   13,506   solutions to our mortgage servicing customers, reflecting our continued commitment to foster and preserve homeownership. 
                
    Funded   $5,533   mortgage loans, including   $4,034   related to retaining customers from our servicing portfolio. 
                
    Refinanced   $1,011   in Home Affordable Refinance Program ("HARP") loans, providing relief to   5,840   customers. 
       
  Capital and Liquidity 
    
  We had cash on hand of   $695   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $613   as of   December 31, 2015  . In addition, we had total equity of   $1,482   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $1,767   as of   December 31, 2015  . During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our operating activities provided cash totaling   $585  . We believe we have sufficient capital and liquidity to conduct our operations including adequate access to capital to expand our operations consistent with the Company's strategy. 
  Purchase / Sale of MSRs 
  During the third quarter of 2016, we completed the sale of MSRs associated with   $1,253   in UPB which consisted mostly of loans originated through correspondence and retained subservicing rights. We boarded   $101,024   UPB of mortgage loans to our servicing platform during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , while using limited capital resources to execute these transactions as they predominantly consist of portfolios where we are acting as the subservicer.  
    
  Warehouse Facilities 
  We finance mortgage originations through secured warehouse credit facilities with various financial institutions. The financing is in place until the mortgage loans are sold to secondary market participants, and in the vast majority of cases the servicing of the loans is retained by us. Certain warehouse facilities provide further liquidity for reverse mortgages and mortgage servicing rights. As a result of the increased activity in our Originations segment, our mortgage loans held for sale increased to   $1,839     as of September 30, 2016   compared to   $1,430     as of December 31, 2015  .   As of September 30, 2016  , total warehouse capacity was   $5,025  , of which   $2,611   was utilized. We constantly assess facilities to ensure sufficient capacity for growth and adequate diversification of lenders. The excess capacity is considered sufficient to support further growth across the platform and minimize funding risk.  
  
   53 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Consolidated Results 

During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , operational revenues remained comparable with the same period in   2015   as the increase in Originations segment revenue was offset by the decrease in Servicing and Xome segment revenue. Net income improved for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   primarily due to fair value marks as a result of the impact of declining interest rates in the same period in   2015  . Originations earnings were up during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015   due to the beneficial interest rate environment and higher funded units. Xome earnings were up in the third quarter of   2016   when compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to decline in marketing expenses. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , operational revenues grew approximately 3% compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to growth in our Originations segment. Gains within our Originations segment were due to higher locked volumes driven by elevated loan recapture rates and the continued low interest rate environment. Net loss from Servicing for   nine months ended September 30, 2016   worsened predominantly due to the impact of declining interest rates on fair value marks for the period when compared with same period in   2015  . Income from Xome declined during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to a decline in volumes. 

Servicing operational revenues decreased in the third quarter and year-to-date in 2016, when compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily driven by a lower average servicing portfolio during the period. Origination revenues increased due to higher locked volumes and continued focus on portfolio recapture rate, which has increased from   26%   to   29%   year-to-date. Xome revenues decreased as a result of lower sales volumes of its real estate market platform and default valuation orders, partially offset by an increase in title revenue. 
  
   54 

Total expenses decreased in the third quarter and year-to-date in   2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  . Increased expenses in Originations and Corporate were more than offset by lowered expenses in Servicing for both the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Servicing expenses decreased primarily due to lower future expected losses on serviced loans and successful cost containment initiatives throughout   2016  . Expenses increased in both the third quarter and year-to-date in   2016   when compared to the same periods in   2015   in our Originations segment primarily due to a higher funded volume and associated incremental headcount. Expenses in the Xome segment decreased in the third quarter due to heightened level of non-recurring marketing expense in support of Xome rebranding in the third quarter of   2015  . Xome segment expenses increased year-to-date in   2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to growth in title operations and further investment in technology throughout   2016  . 

Total other income (expenses), net was relatively flat for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   2015   and improved for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Reverse interest income and reverse interest expense declined for the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to lower underlying balances of reverse mortgage loans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, higher reverse interest income was recorded associated with the second quarter 2015 Generation Mortgage asset acquisition which added   $4,857   UPB of reverse mortgages and related securitized debt. This was partially offset by higher reverse interest expense, also related to the Generation Mortgage asset acquisition.  

55 

The Originations segment led income before taxes for all operating segments of the business during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the increased loan activity in the current interest rate environment. This segment continued to benefit from the low interest rate environment for year-to-date 2016 and is anticipated to continue with strong pretax earnings while interest rates hold low. Contributions from other segments were mixed as pretax earnings increased in the third quarter of 2016 and declined on a year-to-date basis for both the Servicing and Xome segments. After eliminating amortization and mark-to-market adjustments, pretax earnings from the Servicing segment grew in the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Servicing fees continued to decline throughout 2016 as the UPB of the forward serviced portfolio experienced greater amortization due to higher loan prepayment speeds. The decline in servicing fee revenues is partially offset with higher subservicing fees and lower required reserves. Pretax earnings for Xome improved in the third quarter 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to cost containment measures and declined year-to-date as a result of a decrease in revenues. Corporate expenses grew in third quarter and year-to-date as a result of higher costs associated with rebranding expenses and corporate controls.  

For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rates differed from the statutory federal rate of   35%   primarily due to the elimination of the book loss of a less-than-wholly-owned subsidiary, state taxes and certain other permanent differences. The relative impact of these permanent differences on the effective tax rate is based upon forecasted pre-tax income or loss for the year. 
    
  The elimination of the book loss attributable to a less-than-wholly-owned subsidiary is treated as a permanent difference and increases taxable income. The Company is in a net income position for the three months ended September 30, 2016, therefore, this permanent difference will increase the effective tax rate and income tax expense. The Company is in a net loss position for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , accordingly, the book loss attributable to a less-than-wholly-owned subsidiary reduces the effective tax rate and the income tax benefit.  

56 

Segment Results 
    
  Revenues generated on inter-segment services performed are valued based on estimated market value. Expenses are allocated to individual segments based on the estimated value of services performed, total revenue contributions, personnel headcount or the equity invested in each segment based on the type of expense allocated. Expenses for consolidated back-office operations and general overhead expenses such as executive administration and accounting are not allocated to the business segments. 

Servicing Segment 
    
  Nationstar services both forward and reverse loan portfolios. We service forward loan portfolios for which we own the legal title to the servicing rights on the loans, and we also act as subservicer on forward loan portfolios where title to the servicing rights is owned by third parties. Servicing revenues related to forward MSR portfolios include base, incentive and other servicing fees. Forward MSR portfolios are recorded at fair value, and revenues are adjusted accordingly each period. Servicing revenues for subserviced portfolios are earned and recognized as the services are delivered.  Reverse MSRs are recorded at LOCOM and fees related to servicing of reverse MSRs are earned and recognized as the services are delivered and are recorded in service revenue, net.   
    
  We also provide servicing for reverse mortgage portfolios that have been securitized. The total amounts of the securitized loan assets and related financing liabilities are recorded within the consolidated financial statements because the securitization transactions do not qualify for sale accounting treatment. Interests in reverse mortgages are recorded at cost.  Interest income is accrued in other income (expense) for our interest in reverse mortgages interests at the stated rate of the underlying HECM loan.   
    
  The following table sets forth the results of operations for the servicing segment.  

For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , operational revenues decreased compared to the same periods in   2015  . Base servicing fees decreased for both the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due to a reduced forward MSR portfolio. Increased ancillary revenues for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   partially offset the decline in base servicing fees and included a second quarter gain of approximately $  17   from the sale of reverse mortgage loans. These loans were reacquired in March 2016 in connection with the execution of a clean-up call option to purchase HECM loans related to a reverse mortgage loan trust. Subservicing fees increased for both the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due to the boarding of the additional subservicing portfolios. Amortization for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   increased due to prepayments resulting from the continued low interest rate environment and decreased for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily because of lower average UPB compared to   2015  . Other mark-to-market revenue primarily reflects the effect on our servicing portfolio for the change in interest rates from the previous period. The change in the mark-to-market revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to the change in interest rates for these periods. 
    
  Expenses for both the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   decreased from the comparable periods in   2015   primarily due to   l  ower expense required to establish needed reserves. Total other income (expenses), net improved for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as a result of a focus on cost improvement and the expansion of our reverse platform during the year as a result of the Generation Mortgage acquisition which was completed during the second quarter of 2015. In May 2015, we acquired   $4,900   of UPB related to securitized reverse mortgages previously owned by Generation Mortgage. In this transaction, we recorded HECM loans and related HMBS notes as reverse mortgage interests and other nonrecourse debt respectively. The  
  
   57 

Company earns a servicing fee and accrues interest income and interest expense on the loan portfolio and notes. Servicing fees related to this portfolio are recorded as a component of interest income which is a component of other income (expense). 
    
  The following table provides a rollforward of our forward servicing portfolio UPB, including loans subserviced for others. 

(1)    Voluntary reductions are related to loan payoffs by customers. 
   (2)    Involuntary reductions refer to chargeoff of loans. 
    
  During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our forward servicing portfolio's UPB increased primarily as a result of boarding the additional subservicing portfolios. The continued low interest rates environment combined with normal seasonal factors contributed to elevated payoff activity as customers look to refinance their existing mortgage obligations for more favorable terms. Many such payoffs are refinanced through our integrated originations platform. As a result of the low interest rate environment, we boarded   $5,610   and   $15,015   of servicing rights through Originations during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $3,337   and   $12,311   during the same periods in   2015  .   As of September 30, 2016  , we expect approximately   $1,600   of additional subservicing UPB and   $17,100   of MSR UPB to board during the fourth quarter of 2016. 

58 

The following table provides the composition of revenues for the Servicing segment for the periods presented as well as information useful in evaluating revenues. 

(1)    Calculated bps are as follows: Annualized $ amount/Average UPB X 10000.  
   (2)    Other ancillary revenue for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased primarily due to $17 gain on HECM loans related to a reverse mortgage loan trust and fees related to higher recapture volumes. 
   (3)    Subservicing fee includes amounts received for loans serviced for other MSR owners, whole loans serviced for other investors and our owned whole loans. 
   (4)    MSR mark-to-market includes value changes related to MSR and whole loan assets. Amounts also include reserves for advances and other receivables of   $27   and   $85   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $12   and   $28   for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

59 

For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , base servicing fee revenue decreased when compared to the comparable periods in prior years primarily due to a decline in the UPB of the forward serviced portfolio. Ancillary revenues for 2016 include a gain of approximately   $17   from the sale of reverse mortgage loans that were acquired in March 2016 in connection with execution of an option to purchase HECM loans related to a reverse mortgage loan trust, of which we were the master servicer and holder of clean-up call rights. Additionally, the current low interest rate environment increased the gain on sale of early buyout loans and recapture rate of refinanced loans. Modification fees increased due to recognition of annual incentive fees earned for modifications entered into in prior years. Subservicing fees increased for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due to the addition of the new subservicing contracts. 
    
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , total amortization increased primarily due to higher prepayments resulting from the continued low interest rate environment. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , total amortization decreased primarily due to lower average UPB compared to   2015  . Total mark-to-market revenue increased for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates in the third quarter of 2016. Total mark-to-market revenue decreased for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the impact of lower interest rates on prepayment speeds in the first half of   2016  . 
    
  For information regarding fair value adjustments, see the Mortgage Servicing Rights and Related Liabilities section provided below. 

(1)    Subservicing and other includes (i) loans we service for others, (ii) residential mortgage loans originated but have yet to be sold, and (iii) agency REO balances for which we own the mortgage servicing rights. 

60 

Key Metrics 
    
  Information about modifications and workout units is presented in the table below. 

Total modifications and workouts for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   decreased from comparable periods in 2015 as a result of the decline in the number of delinquent loans. The current HAMP program expires on December 31, 2016, with borrowers who have requested assistance or to whom an offer of assistance has been extended as of that date having until September 30, 2017 to finalize their modification. The Company continues to monitor the program for any extension. The overall performance of borrowers within the servicing portfolio continues to improve as reflected in the table below. 

(1)    Characteristics and key performance metrics of our servicing portfolio excludes UPB and loan counts acquired but not yet boarded and currently serviced by others. 
   (2)    Loan amount is presented in whole dollar amounts. 
   (3)    The weighted average coupon amounts for our credit and interest sensitive pools presented in the table above are only reflective of our owned forward MSR portfolio that is reported at fair value. 
   (4)    Loan delinquency is based on the current contractual due date of the loan. In the case of a completed loan modification, delinquency is based on the modified due date of the loan. 

61 

Servicer Ratings 
    
  The Company participates in ratings reviews with nationally recognized ratings agencies for its mortgage servicing operations. The attainment of favorable ratings is important to maintaining strong relationships with our customers and compliance with provisions in servicing and debt agreements. The table below sets forth Nationstar's most recent ratings for its servicing operations   as of September 30, 2016  . 
    
                         Table 13. Servicer Ratings 
    Fitch 
      
    Moody's 
      
    S P 

Rating date 
    October 2016 
      
    January 2016 
      
    September 2015 

Residential 
    RPS3+ 
      
    Not Rated 
      
    Above Average 
      Master Servicer 
    RMS2 
      
    SQ3+ 
      
    Above Average 
      Special Servicer 
    RSS3+ 
      
    Not Rated 
      
    Above Average 
      Subprime Servicer 
    RPS3+ 
      
    Not Rated 
      
    Above Average 

Fitch Rating Scale of 1 (Highest Performance) to 5 (Low/No Proficiency) 
      Moody's Rating Scale of 1 (Strong Ability/Stability) to 5 (Weak Ability/Stability) 

Servicing Expenses 
    
  The table below summarizes expenses in the Servicing segment.  

For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , expenses declined primarily as a result of lower general administrative expenses as presented in more detail in the table below. Salaries, wages and benefits increased primarily due to the expansion of our subservicing portfolios. 

(1)    Operational losses include compensatory fees, claims losses and similar expenses. 
   (2)    Direct operating costs are normal costs of servicing, including filing fees, postage, delivery and similar expenses. 

62 

General and administrative expenses decreased for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due to higher rates of recoveries on advances and lower reserve requirements, and also due to lower professional and consulting fees resulting from cost containment measures.  

Reverse interest income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   declined due to run-off in the reverse portfolio.  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , reverse interest income and expense increased as a result of the addition of the reverse loan portfolio and related HMBS notes acquired from Generation Mortgage in the second quarter of   2015  . Reverse interest income includes servicing fees of   $7   and   $22   earned for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $8   and   $20  , earned for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. See Note   4. Reverse Mortgage Interests, Net   for further details related to servicing fees.  

63 

Mortgage Servicing Rights and Liability 

(1)    Subservicing and other amounts include loans we service for others, residential mortgage loans originated but have yet to be sold, and agency REO balances for which we own the mortgage servicing rights. 
   (2)    Reverse MSRs - LOCOM carrying amount is exclusive of $  11   and $  25   mortgage servicing liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Our servicing portfolio consists of credit sensitive MSRs, primarily acquired through bulk acquisitions and interest rate sensitive MSRs principally consisting of MSRs acquired via flow transactions or transferred from our origination activities. For MSRs marked at fair value that are interest rate sensitive, servicing values are typically correlated to interest rates such that when interest rates rise, the value of the servicing portfolio increases principally as a result of lower expected prepayments. Credit sensitive MSRs are less influenced by movement in interest rates and more influenced by changes in loan performance factors which impact involuntary prepayment speeds. 
    
  We assess whether acquired portfolios are more credit sensitive or interest sensitive in nature on the date of acquisition. As part of the assessment, we consider numerous factors in making this assessment, with the primary factors consisting of the overall portfolio delinquency characteristics, portfolio seasoning and residential mortgage loan composition. Interest sensitive portfolios typically consist of single-family conforming residential forward mortgage loans serviced for GSEs or other third-party investors. 
  Credit sensitive portfolio primarily consists of higher delinquency single-family non-conforming residential forward mortgage loans in private label securitizations. 

The fair value of our credit sensitive and interest sensitive portfolios declined in dollars primarily due to mark-to-market related increased prepayments as a result of the declining interest rates throughout 2016. When measuring the fair value of the portfolio, as a basis point ("bps") of the unpaid principal balance, our credit sensitive pool decreased slightly in value compared to   December 31, 2015   due to run-off of portfolio and offset partially by increased portfolio performance as evidenced by lower delinquency rates. The fair value of our interest sensitive portfolio decreased compared to   December 31, 2015   measured in bps primarily due to increase in prepayment speeds in current low interest rate environment. 

64 

The following table provides information on the fair value of our owned forward MSR portfolio. 

(1)    Reported sales for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   included   $7   of MSRs with a negative fair value associated with nonperforming loans. 
   (2)    Amounts represent the disposition of negative MSR fair values related to liabilities for loans deemed to be inactive during the period. Typically a loan is inactive upon reaching a $0 UPB.  
    
  The following table sets forth the weighted average assumptions in estimating the fair value of MSRs. 

The discount rate increased for interest sensitive MSRs during 2016 primarily due to higher yields on new acquisitions, driving up the weighted average rate. The prepayment speed increase and weighted-average life decline for both credit sensitive and interest sensitive MSRs are attributable to net market interest rate reductions period over period. 

65 

The discount rate is used to determine the present value of estimated future net servicing income, which is based on the required rate of return market investors would expect for an asset with similar risk characteristics. The discount rate is determined through review of recent market transactions as well as comparing the discount rate to those utilized by third party valuation specialists. 
    
  Total prepayment speeds represent the annual rate at which borrowers are forecasted to repay their mortgage loan principal, which includes estimates for both voluntary and involuntary borrower liquidations. The expected weighted-average life represents the total years we expect to service the MSR. 
    
  Excess Spread Financing 
    
  As disclosed in Note   2. Mortgage Servicing Rights ("MSR") and Related Liabilities   and Note   18. Transactions with Affiliates  ,     we entered into sale and assignment agreements treated as financing arrangements whereby the acquirer has the right to receive a specified percentage of the excess cash flow generated from an MSR. 
    
  The servicing fees associated with an MSR for both book and tax purposes can be segregated into (i) a base servicing fee and (ii) an excess servicing fee. The base servicing fee, along with ancillary income and other revenues, is designed to cover costs incurred to service the specified pool plus a reasonable margin. The remaining servicing fee is considered excess. The Company sells a percentage of the excess fee, as a method for efficiently financing acquired MSRs. Excess spread financings are presently applicable only to acquired MSRs, however, they can be entered into at any time for both acquired and originated MSRs. These financings have been provided by New Residential and certain funds managed by Fortress Investment Group, all of which are affiliated companies.  
    
  Excess spread financings are recorded at fair value, and the impact of fair value adjustments on future revenues and capital resources varies primarily due to (i) prepayment speeds and (ii) our ability to recapture prepayments through the origination platform. In Note   2. Mortgage Servicing Rights ("MSR") and Related Liabilities  , the range of assumptions and sensitivities related to the measurement of the excess spread financing liability as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is disclosed. 

66 

The following table sets forth the change in the excess spread liability and the related weighted average assumptions for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

In conjunction with the excess spread financing servicing acquisition structure, the Company entered into several sale agreements whereby we sold the right to repayment on outstanding private label servicing advances and also sold the right to receive the base fee component on the related MSRs. The Company continues to service the loans in exchange for a portion of the base fee. These financings are recorded at fair value and the change in fair value is recorded against servicing revenue. 
  
   67 

(1)    The changes in fair value related to our MSRs financing liability primarily relate to both scheduled and unscheduled principal payments reflected in the underlying MSRs and changes in the fair value model assumptions. 
    
  The fair value of MSR liability decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to higher prepayments and higher advance recoveries. The fair value of MSR liability for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   remained relatively flat.  
  The following table provides an overview of the Company's forward servicing portfolio and amounts that have been previously transferred to our co-invest partners. 

The encumbered forward servicing portfolio consists of residential mortgage loans included within the Company's excess spread financing transactions and MSR financing liability. Subserviced and other amounts include (1) loans serviced for others, (2) residential mortgage loans originated but not yet sold, and (3) agency REO balances for which the Company owns the mortgage servicing rights. The increase in subserviced forward servicing portfolio and other was primarily due to the addition of subserviced portfolios previously announced.  
    
  Reverse MSRs - LOCOM 
    
  The table below provides the characteristics and key performance metrics of the reverse servicing portfolio, which is included in Reverse MSRs - LOCOM. 

(1)    Average loan amount is presented in whole dollar amounts. 
  
   68 

We acquire reverse MSRs and funded unsecuritized advances from third parties. Reverse mortgages, known as HECMs, provide seniors 62 and older with a loan secured by their home.  
    
  An MSR or MSL is established on the acquisition date at fair value, as applicable, based on the proceeds paid or received to service the reverse portfolio. Each quarter, the Company amortizes or accretes the MSR or MSL to service related revenue, net as the respective portfolios run-off. The MSR or MSL is assessed for impairment or increased obligation based on its fair value, using a variety of assumptions, with the primary assumption being discount rates, prepayment speeds and the borrower life expectancy. The MSRs are stratified based on predominant risk characteristics of the underlying serviced loans. Impairment, if any, represents the excess of amortized cost of an individual stratum over its estimated fair value and is recognized through an increase in the valuation allowance. Based on our assessment, no impairment on this asset was required as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 

Originations Segment 
    
  Our Originations segment comprises both the Greenlight Loans and Nationstar brands. We originate primarily conventional agency ("GSE") and government-insured residential mortgage loans and, to mitigate interest rate and credit risk, these loans are typically sold within approximately 30 to 60 days while retaining the associated servicing rights. Our primary focus is assisting customers currently in our servicing portfolio with refinances or loans for new home purchases (or recapture). This increases our origination margins by reducing marketing and other costs to retain customers as well as replenishment of our servicing portfolio. 

Operating results for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   increased by   $33   compared to the same period in 2015. Origination revenues increased due to higher locked volumes, a 21% increase period over period driven by the low interest rate environment and continued focus on recapture of portfolio runoff. Portfolio recapture for the current period was   27%  , down slightly from 2015 results of   28%   for the third quarter while refinance recapture increase slightly to   42%   from 41% period over period. Overall revenue increased   $44   compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to beneficial interest rate environment. Expenses were   $10   higher compared to the same period in 2015, driven by higher funded volumes, associated headcount, and strategic marketing efforts to take advantage of the low interest rate environment. 
    
  Operating results for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased by   $13   compared to the same period in   2015  . Revenue increased   $65   due to higher locked loan volumes, margins and secondary gains along with portfolio recapture growth. Expenses increased 15% or   $51   primarily due to an increase in funded units, associated headcount, and marketing efforts in the low interest rate environment. 

69 

(1)    Amounts include the fair value mark-to-market adjustments on IRLCs, forward loan commitments, and any associated pair-off amounts. 
   (2)    Actual versus expected funding from locks taken during the period. 
    
  The Company evaluates performance by combining net gain on mortgage loans held for sale and service related revenue. For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the increase in revenues of $44 and $65 respectively, in 2016 was primarily driven by higher locked loan volumes and margins. Our volumes in 2016 continue to benefit from the low interest rate environment and an ongoing focus on the recapture of our portfolio customers. Our direct-to-consumer business represents more than 60% of total volume year-over-year, and we consistently improve revenue and profitability margins in this channel. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016  , salaries, wages and benefits increased compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to higher headcount associated with higher funded volumes. Salary costs were higher due to incremental headcount, partially offset by higher fulfillment productivity levels which increased 9% during the current quarter. General and administrative expense was higher due to operating costs associated with increased volumes, headcount growth, strategic marketing efforts to take advantage of the low interest rate environment and regulatory and compliance costs.  

70 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016  , expenses increased 15% from the same period in   2015  . Unit volume increased 8% due to an increase in government mix volumes from 19% to 34% compared to 2015, partially offset by a decrease in HARP volumes from 36% to 27%. Salary costs were higher due to incremental headcount driven by higher non-HARP funded units, partially offset by continued improvements in fulfillment productivity levels. General and administrative expense was higher due to operating costs associated with strategic marketing efforts to take advantage of the low interest rate environment. 

Interest income primarily relates to mortgage loans held for sale. Interest expense is associated with the warehouse facilities utilized to originate new loans. For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , interest income declined primarily as a result of lower coupon rates on originated loans when compared to the same periods in 2015. For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , interest expense declined primarily as a result of lower costs of borrowing when compared to the same periods in   2015  . 

Indemnification Reserves 
    
  The activity of the outstanding repurchase reserves were as follows: 

Certain sale contracts and GSE standards require us to repurchase a loan or indemnify the purchaser or insurer for losses if a borrower fails to make initial loan payments or if the accompanying mortgage loan fails to meet certain customary representations and warranties, such as the manner of origination, the nature and extent of underwriting standards. 
    
  The Company provides certain representations and warranties on the sale of its mortgage loans. In the event of a breach of the representations and warranties, we may be required to either repurchase the loan or indemnify the purchaser for losses it sustains on the loan. In addition, an investor may request that we refund a portion of the premium paid on the sale of mortgage loans if a loan is prepaid within a certain amount of time from the date of sale. A reserve is recorded on the consolidated balance sheet for estimated repurchases, loss indemnification and premium recapture on loans sold. The provision for repurchase losses is charged against gain on mortgage loans held for sale. 

Xome Segment 
    
  The Xome segment is a leading provider of technology and data-enhanced solutions to home buyers, home sellers, real estate professionals and companies engaged in the origination and/or servicing of mortgage loans. Xome seeks to transform the real estate experience by making the challenge of buying or selling less complex and increase transparency through the partnering of both online and offline components of the transaction cycle. The result provides customers a more streamlined and cohesive real estate environment. Xome is comprised of three types of revenues categorized as Exchange, Services and Technology and Support. 

71 

Exchange revenue is comprised of real estate disposition services. During the third quarter of   2016  , we completed the migration of sales from Homesearch.com, our legacy residential real estate platform, to our Xome.com platform which leverages our new proprietary auction technology. The Xome.com platform was designed to increase transparency, reduce fraud risk and provide better execution for property sales as evidenced by generally higher sales price and lower average days to sell compared to traditional sales.  
    
  Services revenue is comprised of title, escrow, and collateral valuation services for purchase, refinance and default transactions. We continue to serve existing third-party customers and capture refinance and default transactions generated by our Servicing and Originations segments. Today, significant opportunities still exist with respect to penetration of current and new customers. Our 2015 acquisition of Experience 1, holding company of Title365 and related entities, continues to prove itself as a positive investment as it has allowed us to expand our footprint in the purchase and refinance title related services market, particularly in California, Texas and Arizona. The acquisition has allowed us to expand our third-party revenue.  
    
  Technology and Support revenue includes sales of our software as a service ( SaaS ) platform providing integrated technology, media and data solutions to real estate franchisors, brokerages, agents and MLS organizations and associations. Through our Xome platform, we intend to enhance the home buying and selling experience via smart investments in innovative technology and a sharp focus on customer service to make the home transaction experience simpler, more transparent and more accessible for all market participants. The Xome platform is accessible through a combination of a web-based platform and easy to use mobile apps, giving customers instant access to over 90% of all active MLS listings in the United States. The platform allows users to search among distressed and non-distressed real estate listings on a single website, which we believe is a significant advantage over competitor platforms which generally support either distressed or non-distressed listings, but not both. 

For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , pretax earnings increased compared to the prior period primarily due to a decline in marketing expenses compared to   2015   in support of our Xome rebranding from Solutionstar and launch of Xome.com and related apps in June 2015.   Further, technology expenses in the third quarter 2016 are approximately 20% below total expenses for the prior period.  
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , pretax earnings decreased compared to prior year primarily due to a decline in Exchange revenues coupled with the costs of defending and settling a contingent obligation (partially offset by release of related reserves) that we inherited in connection with our acquisition of the title and close business. In addition, higher personnel costs in our title and escrow services business driven by growth in order volumes and further investment in technology contributed to the decrease in net income. Our investment in technology began in   2015   with an expansion in personnel, tools and facilities in Seattle and Chennai, India.  As of September 2016, our technology expenses have stabilized. These aforementioned expense increases were partially offset by a decline in marketing expenses. 

72 

For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , exchange revenues were lower compared to the same periods in 2015 due to a decline in property sales. The reduction in sales volume was primarily due to a decrease in REO listings as our sales outflow outpaced our referral inflow. Despite the decrease in listings, our average monthly sales turnover rate (current month unit sales divided by current month beginning listing) for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   remains consistent with the comparable periods in   2015  . 
    
  For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , services revenues increased compared to the same periods in   2015   driven primarily by continued growth in our national and retail title and escrow services. Revenues from our national services, which provides refinance and default title and escrow services to mortgage servicers and mortgage originators, grew approximately 35% due to the addition of new customers and volume growth in existing customer relationships. Retail services revenue increased approximately 10% due to a growth in transaction volume and to a lesser extent an increase in the average fee earned per transaction. Both our national and retail services operations have been positively impacted by a low interest rate environment which has led to strong retail sales and refinance transaction volumes in a number of the geographies we service. The increase in title and escrow services was partially offset by lower revenues generated by valuations services due to a decline in volumes. 

During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , expenses were lower compared to the same period in   2015  . During the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , we incurred a heightened level of marketing expenses in support of our Xome rebranding and launch of Xome.com and related apps in June 2015. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , salaries, wages and benefits expenses were higher compared to the same period in 2015 driven by higher personnel costs due to continued growth in our title and escrow services and significant investment in technology personnel to support our technology initiatives. The focus of our technology initiatives continues to be Xome.com platform and related mobile apps, as well as the development of proprietary auction technology, order management and workflow systems. These aforementioned increases in compensation were partially offset by a decline in acquisition related compensation. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was driven by an $8 decline in marketing expenses, partially offset by costs associated with defending and settling a contingent obligation (partially offset by related reserves) that we inherited in connection with our acquisition of a title and close business in January 2015. The increase in depreciation and amortization was primarily due to accelerated migration from our Homesearch.com platform to our Xome.com auction platform. The migration to the new auction platform has reduced external vendor costs and depreciation expenses by approximately $1 per quarter beginning with the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 

73 

Corporate and Other 

Our Corporate and Other segment consists of interest expense on our unsecured senior notes and other corporate debt, income or loss from our legacy portfolio consisting of non-prime and nonconforming residential mortgage loans and corporate expenses that are not directly attributable to our operating segments. The legacy portfolio consists of loans that were transferred to a securitization trust in 2009 that was structured as a secured borrowing. The securitized loans are recorded as mortgage loans on our consolidated balance sheets and the asset backed certificates acquired by third parties are recorded as nonrecourse debt. 
    
  Interest expense on unsecured senior notes and other corporate debt declined during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015   primarily due to the repurchase of   $109   in unsecured senior notes during the fourth quarter of 2015 and an additional   $29   in the first nine months of 2016. Legacy income for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   declined relative to the comparable periods in   2015   due primarily to higher losses on REO sales from the legacy portfolio. The size of the highly delinquent portfolio continues to decline as nonperforming loans go through disposition. Other corporate expense for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was higher than the same periods in   2015   primarily due to an increase in marketing expenses and an increase in investment in corporate controls and risk management. 

Expenses increased for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   2015  . General and administrative expenses increased due to higher losses in the legacy portfolio, an increase in marketing expenses related to the Company s potential rebranding efforts, and an increase in investment in corporate controls and risk management. 

74 

Other income (expenses), net includes interest expense associated with our unsecured senior notes and other corporate debt and the interest income and expense from our legacy portfolio. The favorable decline in other expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015   is primarily due to the repurchase of   $109   of unsecured senior notes during the fourth quarter of 2015 and an additional   $29   in repurchases in the first nine months of 2016. 

Changes in Financial Position 

Total assets as of   September 30, 2016   decreased $771 compared with   December 31, 2015  . Mortgage servicing rights, which are recorded at fair value, declined primarily due to negative fair value adjustments resulting from lower interest rates. Advances and other receivables, net decreased primarily due to lower escrow advances on smaller serviced portfolio. These declines were partially offset by an increase in mortgage loans held for sale of   $409  , or   29%  , due to continued growth in the Originations segment as we originated approximately   $14,977   in mortgage loans during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consistent with the continued low interest rate environment and increase of portfolio recapture rate from   26%   to   29%  .  

75 

The stockholder's equity declined as a combination of the year-to-date losses sustained and the repurchasing of common stock under the stock repurchase program. Within the liabilities, the advance facilities declined as the portfolio balance continues to decline due to the improvement in the delinquency rates. The decrease in advance facilities was partially offset by the increase in warehouse facilities of $720 or 38% over the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily due to borrowings to fund the increased origination activities.  

76 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  Sources and Uses of Cash 
    
  Our primary sources of funds for liquidity include: (i) servicing fees and ancillary revenues; (ii) payments received from sale or securitization of loans; (iii) proceeds received from the sale of mortgage loans held for sale; (iv) payments from the liquidation or securitization of our outstanding participating interests in reverse mortgage loans; (v) lines of credit, other secured borrowings and the unsecured senior notes; and (vi) payments received in connection with the sale of advance receivables and excess spread. 
    
  Our primary uses of funds for liquidity include: (i) funding of servicing advances; (ii) originations of loans; (iii) payment of interest expenses; (iv) payment of operating expenses; (v) repayment of borrowings; (vi) payments for acquisitions of MSRs; and (vii) scheduled and unscheduled draws on our serviced reverse residential mortgage loans. 
    
  The Company owns and services reverse mortgage loans and in 2015, significantly expanded its reverse mortgage servicing operations through the acquisition of $4,971 in reverse mortgage loans. Reverse mortgages provide seniors with the ability to monetize the equity in their homes in a lump sum, line of credit or annuitized draws. The unpaid principal balance of the loan is accreted for borrower draws and other costs such as mortgage insurance premiums, property taxes and insurance. Repayment of loan balances and collection of servicing fees occurs upon the payoff or other liquidation of the loan. The Company securitizes its holdings in reverse mortgage loans in order to finance subsequent borrower draws and loan related costs which totaled   $212   and   $211   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  We believe that our cash flows from operating activities, as well as capacity with existing facilities, provide adequate resources to fund our anticipated ongoing cash requirements. The Company anticipates that future debt maturities will be funded with cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operating activities and, if necessary, future access to capital markets. We continue to optimize the use of balance sheet cash to avoid unnecessary interest carrying costs. 
    
  During the third quarter, the Company expanded its subservicing portfolios in order to grow its operations without the capital required for acquisition costs and carrying costs of advances that is associated with ownership of mortgage servicing rights. The Company boarded approximately   $100,000   UPB of loans associated with two large subservicing contracts and anticipates expansion of new and existing subservicing arrangements in future periods with minimal use of capital.  
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  The table below presents the major sources and uses of cash flow for operating activities. 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash generated from operating profits and from changes in working capital and other assets grew by $  274  . Operating profits improved in 2016 primarily due to stronger loan recapture rates, gains on sales of reverse mortgages and improved servicing fees associated with lower loan delinquencies. Cash from changes in working capital and other asset accounts totaled   $422   and   $234   in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in proceeds of   $188   was primarily due to higher cash flows related to the net proceeds on the settlement of HECM loans and improved carrying costs associated with advances. 
    
  Cash activity related to the origination and sales of loans totaled $  1,198   in 2016 compared to   $1,079   in 2015. Higher cash proceeds in 2016 were attributable to higher volume of loans sold during 2016. Cash generated from origination activities will vary based upon the timing of loan fundings and the mix between direct-to-consumer or correspondent lending. 

77 

Spending on Ginnie Mae forward loan buy-backs decreased by   $255   in 2016. The buy-back of Ginnie Mae loans is primarily recovered through the through the sale of the loans to third parties. Accordingly, substantial portions of these acquisitions are generally recovered in the near term and are reflected as financing activities or proceeds on loans held for sale in operations. 
    
  Our business is subject to extensive regulation, investigations and reviews by various federal, state and local regulatory and enforcement agencies. We are also subject to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. Addressing these regulations, reviews and legal proceedings and implementing any resulting remedial measures may require us to devote substantial resources to legal and regulatory compliance or to make other changes to our business practices, resulting in higher costs which may adversely affect our cash flows. 

Our investing activities used   $65   and   $5,478   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Cash increased for investing activities due to significant purchases of reverse mortgage interests during 2015, which did not recur in 2016. The timing of transactions to purchase forward mortgage servicing rights can vary depending upon the volume and type of offerings, availability of investments meeting our return requirements and timing of regulatory approvals. Purchases of forward mortgage servicing rights declined in 2016 compared to 2015 because of these factors and our focus on boarding new subservicing portfolios. 

Our financing activities used   $438   and provided   $5,839   of cash flow during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Borrowings under advance facilities declined by $458 in 2016 consistent with the recoveries in advance balances. These amounts were offset by higher borrowings of $894 in warehouse facilities due to the growth in mortgage loans held for sale from our Originations segment. 
  Excess spread financings reflected a net repayment of debt primarily due to higher repayment rates of underlying financed mortgage loans resulting from declining interest rates.  
  In 2016, the Company collapsed two HECM trusts and issued HMBS under three new trusts. Proceeds from the securitizations less scheduled pay downs and amounts incurred to settle the collapsed trusts totaled   $100  . Warehouse facilities financing the Company's interests in reverse mortgages declined by   $480   in 2016 as certain assets previously financed through the facilities were included in the HECM securitizations. The facilities also decreased due to the proceeds received from borrower repayments exceeding the borrower draws on HECM loans. In 2015, financing activities reflected the $4,622 of HMBS debt acquired from Generation Mortgage. 
  
   78 

Financings from equity transactions resulted in the 2016 repurchase of common shares of approximately   $114   under previously authorized share repurchase programs of $250. In 2015, net proceeds of   $498   were received from the issuance of   17,500   thousand common shares during the second quarter of 2015, which did not recur in 2016. 
   
  Capital Resources 
    
  Capital Structure and Debt 
    
  The Company requires access to external financing resources from time to time depending on our cash requirements, assessments of current and anticipated market conditions and after-tax cost of capital. If needed, the Company believes additional capital could be raised through a combination of issuances of equity, corporate indebtedness, asset backed acquisition financing and/or cash from operations. Our access to capital markets can be impacted by factors outside our control, including economic conditions.  
    
  Financial Covenants 
  Our advance and warehouse facilities contain various financial covenants which primarily relate to required tangible net worth amounts, liquidity reserves, leverage requirements, and profitability requirements. As a result of the change in interest rates during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , Nationstar recorded a charge to service related revenue for changes in fair value associated with the Company's MSRs recorded at fair value. Upon recording this charge, Nationstar was unable to meet the profitability requirements in   two   facilities as of September 30, 2016. Nationstar received waivers from these financial institutions on the profitability requirements. After giving effect to these waivers, the Company was in compliance with all required financial covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Seller/Servicer Financial Requirements 
  Effective December 31, 2015, the Federal Housing Finance Agency ("FHFA") finalized minimum financial requirements for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Seller/Servicers as set forth below. 
    
  Minimum Net Worth 
             
    Base of $2.5 plus 25 basis points of UPB for total loans serviced. 
       
  Minimum Capital Ratio 
             
    Tangible Net Worth/Total Asset greater than 6%. Tangible Net Worth comprises total equity less goodwill, intangible assets, affiliate receivables and certain pledged assets. 
       
  Minimum Liquidity 
             
    3.5 basis points of total Agency servicing (Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae) plus, 
                
    Incremental 200 basis points of total nonperforming Agency, measured as 90+ delinquencies, servicing in excess of 6% of the total Agency servicing UPB. 
                
    Allowable assets for liquidity may including: cash and cash equivalents (unrestricted), available for sale or held for trading investment grade securities (e.g., Agency MBS, Obligations of GSEs, US Treasury Obligations); and unused/available portion of committed servicing advance lines. 
       
  In addition, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac may require capital ratios in excess of stated requirements. Refer to Financial Covenants in Note   8. Indebtedness   and Note   14. Capital Requirements   for additional information.   As of September 30, 2016  , Nationstar was in compliance with its seller/servicer financial requirements. 

79 

Advance Facilities 
  Our servicing agreements impose on us various rights and obligations that affect our liquidity. Among the most significant of these obligations is the requirement that we advance our own funds to meet contractual principal and interest payments for certain investors and to pay taxes, insurance, foreclosure costs and various other items that are required to preserve the assets being serviced. Delinquency rates and prepayment speeds affect the size of servicing advance balances along with stop advance policies. As part of our normal course of business, we borrow money to fund servicing advances. We rely upon several counterparties to provide us with financing facilities to fund a portion of our servicing advances. Pursuant to the terms of our agreements, New Residential now has the obligation to fund future advances on the private label securitized loans.  
    
  As servicer for reverse mortgage loans, among other things, we are required to fund borrower draws on the loans. We typically hold the participation interests, which are made up of the borrower draws for approximately 30 days while we pool the participation interests into a government securitization. At   September 30, 2016  , unsecuritized borrow draws totaled   $80   and our maximum unfunded advance obligation related to these reverse mortgage loans was   $2,738  . 
    
  Warehouse Facilities 
  Loan origination activities generally require short-term l  iquidity in excess of amounts generated by our operations. The loans we originate are financed through several warehouse lines on a short-term basis. We typically hold the loans for approximately 30 days and then sell the loans or place them in government securitizations and repay the borrowings under the warehouse lines. Our ability to fund current operations depends upon our ability to secure these types of short-term financings on acceptable terms and to renew or replace the financings as they expire. 
    
  Unsecured Senior Notes 
  From 2010 through 2013, we completed offerings of unsecured senior notes, with maturity dates ranging from August 2015 to June 2022. We pay interest semi-annually to the holders of these notes at interest rates ranging from   6.5%     to     9.6%  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the expected maturities of Nationstar's Unsecured Senior Notes based on contractual maturities are as follows: 

Contractual Obligations 
  There were no material changes to our outstanding contractual obligations   as of September 30, 2016  , from amounts previously disclosed in Nationstar's Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015  . 

80 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Various elements of our accounting policies, by their nature, are inherently subject to estimation techniques, valuation assumptions and other subjective assessments. In particular, we have identified five policies that, due to the judgment, estimates and assumptions inherent in those policies, are critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements. These policies relate to fair value measurements, particularly those valued using significant unobservable inputs including (i) the valuation of MSRs, (ii) the valuation of excess spread financing, and (iii) the valuation of mortgage servicing rights financing liability, (iv) reserves for loan origination and servicing activity and (v) valuation of deferred tax assets. We believe the judgment, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are appropriate given the factual circumstances at the time. However, given the sensitivity of the consolidated financial statements to these critical accounting policies, the use of other judgments, estimates and assumptions could result in material differences in our results of operations or financial condition. For further information on our critical accounting policies, please refer to Nationstar's Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015  . There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies since   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Recent Accounting Developments 
  See Note 1, Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for details of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein. 
    
  Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
  The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto presented herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Unlike most industrial companies, nearly all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on our performance than do the effects of general levels of inflations. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

Variable Interest Entities and Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  See Note   10. Securitizations and Financings  , in   Item 1. Financial Statements  , which is incorporated by reference herein, for a summary of Nationstar's transactions with VIEs and details of their impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Derivatives 
  See Note   7. Derivative Financial Instruments  , of   Item 1. Financial Statements  , which is incorporated by reference herein, for a summary of Nationstar's derivative transactions. 

81 

CAUTIONS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, projections, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are not statements of historical facts. When used in this discussion, the words "anticipate," "appears," "believe," "foresee," "intend," "should," "expect," "estimate," "project," "plan," "may," "could," "will," "are likely" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve predictions of our future financial condition, performance, plans and strategies, and are thus dependent on a number of factors including, without limitation, assumptions and data that may be imprecise or incorrect. Specific factors that may impact performance or other predictions of future actions have, in many but not all cases, been identified in connection with specific forward-looking statements. 
    
  There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to refinance existing loans and maintain our loan originations volume; 
                
    our ability to increase recapture of voluntary prepayments related to our existing servicing portfolio; 
                
    our ability to maintain or grow the size of our servicing portfolio; 
                
    our ability to successfully enhance the home buying experience; 
                
    the success of our customer-for-life and customer service initiatives; 
                
    delays in our ability to collect or be reimbursed for servicing advances; 
                
    risks related to servicing reverse mortgages;  
                
    our ability to obtain sufficient capital to meet our financing requirements; 
                
    changes in prevailing interest rates; 
                
    changes in our business relationships or changes in guidelines with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae;  
                
    our ability to effectively develop, market, sell and implement new technology;   
                
    our ability to realize all of the anticipated benefits of previous and potential future acquisitions; 
                
    increased legal, regulatory and governmental investigations and proceedings, compliance requirements and related costs; and 
                
    loss of our licenses. 
       
  These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read with the other cautionary statements that are included or incorporated by reference. All of the factors are difficult to predict, contain uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and may be beyond our control. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all such factors or to assess the effect of each such new factor on our business. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore any of these statements included herein may prove to be inaccurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors included in Nationstar's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for further information on these and other risk factors affecting us. 

82 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Refer to the discussion of market risks included in Part II, Item 7A of Nationstar's Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015  , which is herein incorporated by reference. There has been no material change in the types of market risks faced by us since   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  We assess our market risk based on changes in interest rates utilizing a sensitivity analysis. The sensitivity analysis measures the potential impact on fair values based on hypothetical changes (increases and decreases) in interest rates.  
  We use a duration-based model in determining the impact of interest rate shifts on our loan portfolio, certain other interest-bearing liabilities measured at fair value and interest rate derivatives portfolios. The primary assumption used in these models is that an increase or decrease in the benchmark interest rate produces a parallel shift in the yield curve across all maturities.  
    
  We utilize discounted cash flows and analysis to determine the fair value of MSRs and the impact of parallel interest rate shifts on MSRs. The primary assumptions in this model are prepayment speeds, market discount rates and cost to service. However, this analysis ignores the impact of interest rate changes on certain material variables, such as the benefit or detriment on the value of future loan originations, non-parallel shifts in the spread relationships between MBS, swaps and U.S. Treasury rates and changes in primary and secondary mortgage market spreads. For mortgage loans, IRLCs and forward delivery commitments on MBS, we rely on a model in determining the impact of interest rate shifts. In addition, for IRLCs, the borrower s propensity to close their mortgage loans under the commitment is used as a primary assumption.  
    
  Our total market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors including market volatility and the liquidity of the markets. There are certain limitations inherent in the sensitivity analysis presented, including the necessity to conduct the analysis based on a single point in time and the inability to include the complex market reactions that normally would arise from the market shifts modeled.  
    
  We use market rates on our instruments to perform the sensitivity analysis. The estimates are based on the market risk sensitive portfolios described in the preceding paragraphs and assume instantaneous, parallel shifts in interest rate yield curves. Changes in fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in fair value may not be linear. We believe that on the whole our estimated net changes to the fair value of our assets and liabilities at   September 30, 2016   are within acceptable ranges based on the materiality of the Company's financial statements. 

Item 4.     Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
  In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
  
   83 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.     Legal Proceedings 
    
  From time to time, we are party to numerous legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of conducting business. In addition, in the ordinary course of business Nationstar and its subsidiaries can be and are involved in governmental and regulatory examinations, information gathering requests, investigations and proceedings. 
  We are a state licensed, non-bank mortgage lender and servicer. Our business is subject to extensive examinations, investigations and reviews by various federal, state and local regulatory and enforcement agencies. We have historically had a number of open investigations with various regulators or enforcement agencies. 
  We have experienced an increase in regulatory and governmental investigations, subpoenas, examinations and other inquiries. We are currently the subject of various regulatory or governmental investigations, subpoenas, examinations and inquiries related to our residential loan servicing and origination practices, bankruptcy and collections practices, financial reporting and other aspects of our businesses. These matters include investigations by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Executive Office of the United States Trustees, the Department of Justice, the multistate coalition of mortgage banking regulators, various State Attorneys General, the New York Department of Financial Services, and the California Department of Business Oversight. These specific matters and other pending or potential future investigations, subpoenas, examinations or inquiries may lead to administrative, civil or criminal proceedings and possibly result in remedies including fines, penalties, restitution, or alterations in our business practices and in additional expenses and collateral costs. We are cooperating fully in these matters. 
    
  Responding to these matters requires us to devote substantial legal and regulatory resources, resulting in higher costs and lower net cash flows. Adverse results in any of these matters could further increase our operating expenses and reduce our revenues, require us to change business practices and limit our ability to grow and otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operation. 

Item 1A.     Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes or additions to the risk factors previously disclosed under  Risk Factors  included in Nationstar's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed   for the year ended December 31, 2015  . 

84 

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we have repurchased shares of our common stock at a cost of   $114   under our share repurchase program. The number and average price of shares purchased are set forth in the table below. 

(1)    On December 17, 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to   $150   of our outstanding common stock through December 16, 2016. On February 9, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a   $100   increase to the original repurchase authorization for an aggregate repurchase authorization of   $250   under our share repurchase program.  
   (2)    Amounts for July and August include   1 thousand   and   12 thousand   shares of common stock, respectively, surrendered to us by certain employees in an amount equal to the amount of tax withheld to satisfy minimum statutory tax requirements in connection with the vesting of equity awards. 

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 

Item 5.     Other Information 
  None. 

85 

Item 6.     Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 
      
      Exhibit Number 
    Description 
    Form 
    File No. 
    Exhibit 
    Filing Date 
    Filed or Furnished Herewith 

31.1 
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      31.2 
    Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      32.1 
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      32.2 
    Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

X 
      101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
      101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

86 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC. 

November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/  Jay Bray 
      Date 
      
    Jay Bray Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/  Robert D. Stiles 
      Date 
      
    Robert D. Stiles 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Finance and Accounting Officer) 

87 

Exhibit Index                             
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      
      Exhibit Number 
    Description 
    Form 
    File No. 
    Exhibit 
    Filing Date 
    Filed or Furnished Herewith 

31.1 
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      31.2 
    Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      32.1 
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      32.2 
    Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
      101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

X 
      101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
      101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

88 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2016-q3xexhibit311.htm
 CEO - 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
  302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Jay Bray, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15(d) - 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/  Jay Bray 

Jay Bray 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2016-q3xexhibit312.htm
 CFO - 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
  302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Robert D. Stiles, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/  Robert D. Stiles 

Robert D. Stiles 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2016-q3xexhibit321.htm
 CEO - 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jay Bray, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
        
    /s/ Jay Bray 
        
    Jay Bray 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2016-q3xexhibit322.htm
 CFO - 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert D. Stiles, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
        
    /s/  Robert D. Stiles 
        
    Robert D. Stiles 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nsm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nsm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nsm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nsm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nsm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nsm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

