<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161206_10-K_edgar_data_1557644_0001615774-16-008741_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5757872</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>723283</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>309628</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1397431</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1864309</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1265247</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>136</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008741.hdr.sgml : 20161206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161206172528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008741
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENWOOD HALL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001557644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				990376273
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-184796
		FILM NUMBER:		162037097

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 A CLIFF VIEW DRIVE
		CITY:			GREEN BAY
		STATE:			Q2
		ZIP:			0604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-64-210623777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 A CLIFF VIEW DRIVE
		CITY:			GREEN BAY
		STATE:			Q2
		ZIP:			0604

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIVIO HOLDINGS, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120906

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008741.txt : 20161206

10-K
 1
 s104854_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the fiscal year ended August 31,
2016  

OR  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from to  

Commission file number: 333-184796  

Greenwood Hall, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Registrant s telephone 
number  (310) 905-8300  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:  None  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act:  None  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes    
No  x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes    
No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x 
No     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company  x    
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
No  x  

As of November 29, 2016, there were 58,741,683
shares of the issuer s $.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding. No market value has been computed based upon
the fact that no active trading market had been established as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

None. 

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.   

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
       
      1   

Item 1. Business   
       
      1   

Item 1A. Risk Factors   
       
     8  

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments   
       
     20  

Item 2. Properties   
       
      2 0  

Item 3. Legal Proceedings   
       
      20   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      21   

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
       
      21   

Item 6. Selected Financial Data   
       
      22   

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      22   

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
     33  

Item 8. Financial Statements   
       
     34  

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
       
      56   

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures   
       
      56   

Item 9B. Other Information   
       
      56   

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       
      56   

Item 11. Executive Compensation   
       
      61   

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
       
      67   

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
       
      67   

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
       
     69  

Item 15. Exhibits   
       
      70   

i   

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada corporation (herein
after referred to as the  Company ,  Greenwood Hall ,  we ,  us  or  our ,
as applicable), about future events, conditions and results based on information currently available to us. All statements included
herein, other than statements of historical fact, regarding the Company s strategy, future operations, financial position,
future revenues, projected costs, plans, prospects and objectives are forward-looking statements. Words such as  expect ,
 may ,  anticipate ,  intend ,  would ,  plan ,  believe ,
 estimate ,  should  and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this report include express
or implied statements concerning the Company s future revenues, expenditures, capital or other funding requirements, the
adequacy of the Company s current cash and working capital to fund present and planned operations and financing needs, expansion
of and demand for product offerings and the growth of the Company s business and operations through acquisitions or otherwise,
as well as future economic and other conditions both generally and in the Company s specific geographic and product markets.
These statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking
statements due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth below in the section entitled  Risk
Factors and Special Considerations  in this report. Given those risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are
beyond the Company s control, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

The forward-looking statements relate only
to events as of the date on which the statements are made. Neither the Company nor PCS Link, a wholly owned subsidiary of Greenwood
Hall ( PCS Link ), undertakes any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise, even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results or
events expressed or implied therein will not be realized. You are advised to consult any further disclosures the Company makes
in future public filings, statements and press releases. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS  

Our Mission  

Our corporate mission is to enable colleges
and universities to remain relevant by helping them expand access to personalized educational opportunities that are flexible and
affordable, and to prepare students for career opportunities. We assist schools in maximizing the student experience and driving
successful student outcomes while leveraging technology to help reinvent their operating and financial models. 

We provide cloud-based education management
services that address the entire student lifecycle. Our solutions combine strategy, people, proven processes and robust technology
to provide end-to-end services that begin with recruitment and student enrollment and can end with post-graduation job placement,
career networking and alumni relations. Our solutions are utilized by schools that need to enhance the student experience and are
looking to expand into new markets such as online learning, international and/or competency-based learning. All of our solutions
are designed to help public and not-for-profit higher education institutions generate sustainable improvements in operating and
financial results, while improving student success and satisfaction. 

Our core services include: (a) enrollment
management solutions, including lead generation/marketing, prospective student qualification, new student recruitment and enrollment
counseling; (b) retention counseling/coaching and the reengagement of students who have dropped out of a particular institution;
and (c) student support solutions, including help desk, career advising, student concierge and financial aid advising services.
In conjunction with or prior to providing the aforementioned core services, the we also provide (x) consulting services, including
market assessments and analysis of internal operational efficiency; and (y) various data and technology enabled solutions that
enable school clients to better manage/analyze data, deliver instruction to students (online, hybrid and classroom) and make certain
institutional decisions; and (z) management services. In addition to services provided to educational institutions, we provide
donor lifecycle management services to various major non-profit organizations. The lifecycle management services for non-profit
organizations are mainly related to legacy operations of our Company prior to entering the education marketplace in 2006. 

We believe that our end-to-end solutions
that span the entire student lifecycle provide us with an advantage over competing providers that often address isolated segments
of the student lifecycle spectrum, such as student acquisition and student retention. We generally focus on small to medium-sized
private and not-for-profit institutions and medium-sized to large public institutions. 

1   

We have a demonstrated track record of helping higher education
clients improve their operating and financial performance while improving student outcomes. Since 2006, we have helped colleges
and universities generate or retain in excess of $300 million in college tuition revenue by custom tailoring our solutions to each
institution s requirements and organizational structure. 

The measured benefits of our clients include: 

Generating over 400% return on investment for one major national university on a student retention initiative;   

Reducing the cost of student services by an average of 41% (excluding intangible costs); and   

Producing an average client return of 35%-50% on investment using our solutions.   

Our key achievements since 2006 include: 

Serving more than 600,000 traditional and non-traditional students (adult learners/online students);   

Managing more than 7.6 million student inquiries and transactions; and   

Responding to 90% of all inquiries for student service (admissions, financial aid and other student services) compared to an average of fewer than 65%, in certain cases where institutions handled their own inquiries.   

Our Company is built on a strong foundation
of experience. We have an operating history of over 18 years in providing mission critical lifecycle management solutions to leading
non-profit ogranizations such as the American Red Cross, Habitat For Humanity and NBC Red Nose Day. During that time, we have generated
more than $1.2 billion in aggregate donor contributions for non-profit clients. In 2006, we entered the education sector by leveraging
our know-how in serving non-profit organizations and our highly differentiated model for the benefit of higher education clients.
We remain committed to providing services to the non-profit sector, but expect the majority of future revenue will continue to
come from the education sector. 

We have a growing list of clients that
include many prestigious colleges and universities, most of which are non-profit institutions. As of November 30, 2016, we have
served more than 60 education clients and more than 75 individual degree programs since entering the education sector. Among these
notable institutions include the University of Alabama, Pepperdine University, University of Massachusetts, Texas Tech University,
Saint Leo University, Concordia University, Simmons College, University of Mississippi, University of Houston and the University
of Maine. During 2016, we served the following new clients: University of Arizona, University of Oklahoma, College of Southern
Nevada, Nevada State College, Concordia University, Technical College of the Low Country, Oklahoma City Community College, Rowan-Cabarrus
Community College, Cleary University, Tri County Technical College and San Juan Community College. The Company also expanded relationships
with Troy University, Spartanburg Technical Community College, Greenville Technical College and Red Nose Day USA, organized by
Comic Relief Inc. in partnership with NBCUniversal, Inc. Several of our contracts are fixed-fee, subscription-based, annual or
multi-year contracts that generate recurring monthly revenue. The remaining contracts are negotiated at an agreed-upon rate, based
on the volume of services provided, most of which have at least a one-year term and minimum revenue guarantees. Over the past four
years, we have enjoyed a 100% renewal rate among our state school contracts that go through the formal renewal bid process. 

We believe that our business is well positioned
for growth with an unparalleled technology and services delivery platform that supports the entire student lifecycle. We have a
multi-pronged growth strategy that includes adding new clients and expanding our solution offerings to existing clients. To execute
our growth strategy, we expanded our sales force and thought leadership through presentations at industry conferences to develop
relationships that drive our business. We also plan to enhance our offerings through additional  software as a service 
and other technology offerings aimed at supporting student engagement and success. 

Our Company has a strong operational infrastructure
to support continued growth. Our technology-enabled platform is capable of handling millions of inquiries, we operate state-of-the-art
education service centers and our cloud-based technology platform supports multilingual inbound and outbound calls, email inquiries,
web chat, click-to-chat, text messaging and instant messaging twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week. Our platform is technology-agnostic
and can be easily incorporated with any client technology that comes with a client engagement. 

2   

Our Company is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, and
we have facilities and offices in Phoenix, Arizona and College Station, Texas. 

We generate revenue by charging recurring
(subscription) and transactional fees associated with the specific services we provide to our customers. Our most significant expenses
are employee compensation, sales and marketing, developing and maintaining facilities and technology and debt service. 

Market Overview and Opportunities  

Based on a report released in September
2014, by Eduventures, a  research and advisory firm focused on higher education, 
estimates that the near-term addressable market for student lifecycle management services and technology exceeds $20 billion in
the higher education market alone. As of August 31, 2016, we have market penetration of less than 1% of the more than 4,700 not-for-profit
colleges and universities in the United States. Our low-level of current market penetration creates a sizable opportunity for Greenwood
Hall and positions us for revenue growth. 

The market for higher education management
services is currently ripe for disruption due to declining enrollment at many not-for-profit institutions, which has increased
the cost per enrolled student in some instances. Additionally, due to shifts in how students want their education delivered, many
institutions are facing new challenges in enrolling, engaging and retaining students. More students are seeking solutions that
provide flexible access to education, meet affordability requirements, help accomplish education and career goals and meet their
return-on-investment expectations given tuition costs. Among the trends driving these changes include the proliferation of cost-effective
mobile devices and social media, broad availability of data (including predictive analytics and more data-based decision making),
greater flexibility in the delivery of education (including online, on-campus and mobile) and students  desire for more personalized
support. Most colleges and universities do not have the resources (human capital, technology or financial) or know-how to effectively
meet these challenges. 

Longer-term market trends for growth bode
well for our Company due to increasing demand for post-secondary education. Additionally, it is expected that the economy will
create 55 million job openings by 2020, 65% of which will require postsecondary education. (Source:  Georgetown University Center
on Education and the Workforce ). 

Subsequent Events  

The following events occurred after August 31, 2016, through
November 29, 2016. 

On September 2, 2016, the Company entered into a Services Agreement
with Fourth Quadrant, Inc., pursuant to which the Company will provide education management services to Marian University in Indianapolis,
Indiana. 

On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into a Loan and Security
Agreement ( Loan Agreement ) with PCS Link, Inc., a California corporation and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary
( PCS ), and Moriah Education Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Moriah ), pursuant
to which Moriah granted a loan to PCS in exchange for a promissory note in the principal amount of $3,500,000 ( Moriah Loan ).
The Company also entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement (the  Stock Pledge Agreement ) with Moriah, pursuant to which
the Company pledged 1,007,920 shares of common stock of PCS held by the Company, representing 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of PCS, and (ii) John R. Hall, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Chief Executive Officer
of PCS, executed a personal guaranty (the  Personal Guaranty ), to secure PCS  obligations under the Loan Agreement.
In connection with the Loan Agreement, on October 14, 2016, the Company and Moriah entered into a Securities Issuance Agreement
pursuant to which the Company issued a five-year warrant to purchase 8,125,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a
price of $0.14 per share and a seven-year warrant to purchase 3,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of
$0.12 per share. The warrants were issued in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. On October 14, 2016, in
consideration for the Personal Guaranty, the Company issued to John Hall, its Chief Executive Officer, a five-year warrant to purchase
up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company at a price of $0.10 per share. The warrants were issued in reliance on Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

3   

In connection with the Moriah Loan,
the Company entered into a Note Purchase and Restructuring Agreement, dated September 30, 2016, with Redwood Fund LP ( Redwood ),
pursuant to which Redwood agreed to (i) forgive all amounts owed to Redwood under that certain convertible promissory note issued
on November 6, 2015 with a principal amount of $125,000 and all amounts owed to Redwood under that certain convertible promissory
note issued on December 14, 2015 with a principal amount of $30,000, (ii) consolidate all other indebtedness owed by the Company
to Redwood in exchange for $300,000 (the  Additional Funding ), and (iii) accept from the Company a promissory note
( September 2016 Promissory Note ) in the principal amount of $1,418,496.92, representing such consolidated indebtedness
and Additional Funding at an original issue discount of 15%. The September 2016 Promissory Note shall be due and payable on the
first anniversary thereof. In further connection with the Moriah Loan, the Company, Moriah and Redwood entered into a Subordination
Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, pursuant to which Redwood agreed to subordinate all indebtedness owed thereto so long as any
obligations of the Company owed to Moriah under the Loan Agreement remain outstanding; provided, however, that the Company may
continue to make regular payments of interest under the September 2016 Promissory Note. 

In connection with the Moriah Loan,
the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ( Lincoln Park ),
pursuant to which the Company authorized the issuance to Lincoln Park new notes (the  September 2016 Lincoln Park Notes )
in the respective principal amounts of $685,000 and $250,000, and corresponding warrants exchange for the cancellation of any and
all obligations under notes and warrants issued by the Company to Lincoln Park pursuant to note purchase agreements dated April
24, 2015 and August 21, 2015. In further connection with the Moriah Loan, the Company, Moriah and Lincoln Park entered into a Subordination
Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to subordinate all indebtedness owed thereto so long as
any obligations of the Company owed to Moriah under the Loan Agreement remain outstanding; provided, however, that the Company
may continue to make regular payments of interest under the September 2016 Lincoln Park Notes. 

On October 14, 2016, in connection
with the Moriah Loan, the Company amended and restated that certain secured promissory note, dated December 23, 2013 (as amended,
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise, modified, the  2013 Colgan Note ) (the  2013 Colgan Amended
Note ), in a principal amount equal to $840,892.80, representing the outstanding balance of the 2013 Colgan Note, less $150,000
paid by the Company to Colgan Financial Group, Inc. ( CFG ) and Robert Logan (together with CFG, the  Colgan
Investor ). On the effective date of the 2013 Colgan Amended Note, in connection with the Moriah Loan, the Company amended
and restated that certain secured convertible promissory note, dated December 5, 2014 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the  2014 Colgan Note ) (the  2014 Colgan Amended Note ), to extend the exercise
period of any stock purchase warrants issued to the Investor in connection with the 2014 Colgan Note to five years following the
issuance of the 2014 Colgan Amended Note in a principal amount equal to $400,000. In further connection with the Moriah Loan, the
Company, Moriah and CFG entered into a Subordination Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, pursuant to which CFG agreed to subordinate
all indebtedness owed thereto so long as any obligations of the Company owed to Moriah under the Loan Agreement remain outstanding;
provided, however, that the Company may continue to make regular payments of interest under the 2013 Colgan Amended Note and 2014
Colgan Amended Note. 

On October 14, 2016, in connection
with the Moriah Loan, the Company entered into certain payoff and settlement agreements ( Payoff Agreements ) with
Opus Bank ( Opus ) and California United Bank ( CUB ). In accordance with the Payoff Agreements, the Company
(a) issued to Opus a five (5) year warrant for the purchase of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise
price of $ 0.10 per share, and (b) amended the exercise price of a warrant issued to CUB on December 14, 2015 for the purchase
of 523,587 shares of the Company s common stock from $ 1.00 per share to $ 0.10 per share. 

On October 28, 2016, Seminole State College in Sanford Florida
extended its services agreement with the Company through April 30, 2017. 

On November 1, 2016, Michael Sims and Matthew Toledo notified
the Company and the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) of their resignations as directors on the Board,
effective November 1, 2016. The resignations of Mssrs. Sims and Toledo were not due to any disagreements relating to the operations,
policies or practices of the Company. 

On November 1, 2016, we entered into an amendment to our services
agreement with the University of Alabama to extend the agreement through December 31, 2017. 

On November 4, 2016, we entered into an amendment to our services
and subscription agreement with Troy University in Troy, Alabama to extend the agreement through December 31, 2017. 

On November 22, 2016, Frederic Boyer tendered to the Company
a written resignation (the  Resignation ) as director on the Board, effective immediately, in which Mr. Boyer expressed
disagreement with certain management practices as it related to the Board of Directors. A copy of the Resignation is filed as Exhibit
99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2016. 

On November 28, 2016, the Company announced it had entered into
an agreement with Borough of Manhattan Community College to provide various advisory services. 

On November 28, 2016, the Board of Directors appointed Michael
Poutre II, Cary Sucoff and Jerry Rubinstein to the Board of Directors, effective as of December 7, 2016.   

4   

Our Solutions  

We offer cloud-based, end-to-end solutions
that address the pressures that make the efficient management of the student lifecycle among the most critical priorities for higher
education institutions today. We believe we are uniquely qualified to help institutions of higher learning face these dynamic changes
due to our comprehensive student lifecycle management solutions. We have a demonstrated track record of generating results as well
as financial and operational improvement for colleges and universities in multiple sectors, a proven and scalable operating model
and a clearly defined technology roadmap to expand our service offerings. 

Our solutions have helped our clients to
improve student recruitment and retention, increase revenue and reduce costs, enhance student satisfaction, better understand students 
needs, provide students with support twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week, launch online learning enterprises and compete
with larger or more well-known schools. 

We have a competitive advantage in offering
a unique, comprehensive student lifecycle management solution that combines technology, processes, strategy and people. We take
a flexible approach to developing customized programs for each client engagement with the ability to deliver solutions either bundled
or unbundled. Additionally, we offer a fee-for-service model, which offers more compatibility with the marketplace than a  tuition
sharing  approach. 

Our Growth Strategy  

Key initiatives of our growth strategy
include (1) expanding direct sales and marketing resources to generate growth from new and existing customers; (2) enhancing and
developing new strategic partnerships to expand reach; (3) employing differentiated technologies, including analytics and business
intelligence, that aim to maximize student success and enhance experiences while providing our education partners with increased
levels of visibility into their student populations; and (4) building on our industry and thought leadership position to create
visibility and demand. 

5   

Our Services  

Key components of our end-to-end student lifecycle management
solutions are: 

Student Recruitment
  Enrollment    Our Student Recruitment and Enrollment services include interactive and traditional lead-generation
as well as end-to-end recruitment solutions for academic programs of all types, including online degree programs. We help clients
identify and reach out to qualified potential students, recruit prospective students, provide enrollment counseling and advice
on financial aid options and eligibility, guide students through the enrollment process and help to ensure that students have
a positive first week experience. From the first interaction with prospective students, our enrollment counselors act as an extension
of the client to establish and foster close, collaborative relationships with students. In our experience, these close relationships,
which begin in the recruitment process and extend through the entire student lifecycle, result in significantly improved leads
to enrollment rates, increased persistence, enhanced student experience and better student outcomes over the long term.  

Retention   Reengagement    Our student retention counselors and success coaches leverage web-based tools and analytics to monitor and assess student progress against their stated education and career goals and provide student-specific advising. Counselors proactively contact their assigned students each term to ensure students register for the next term, have all necessary instructional materials and textbooks, have made any necessary payment arrangements and are current on any financial aid requirements and to offer the necessary support to foster student persistence. In many cases, our counselors also work to reengage students who have left a particular institution or have dropped out of an academic program.    

Student Services -  We also offer student concierge services that provide students with personalized support on a wide range of needs including financial aid, payments, registration, help desk, password resets and portal navigation.   

6   

Competition  

The Company competes with a number of firms
directly and indirectly. Key competitors include: 2U, Inc., Embanet-Pearson, Blackboard Inc., Ellucian, Inc., Xerox Higher Education
Services, Royall   Company, Keypath Education, Wiley Higher Education Solutions, Instructure, Inc., Ruffalo Noel Levitz, Academic
Partnerships, LLC and Global Financial Aid Services, Inc. In many cases, companies serving the marketplace focus on specific services,
such as enrollment, online programs, marketing or financial aid. Competitors may also differ based on their revenue and pricing
models. While some companies generate revenue based on a percentage of tuition from programs they support for their clients, we
employ a fee-for-service model. While Greenwood Hall generally focuses on small to medium-sized private and not-for-profit and
medium-sized to large public institutions, the Company is also planning to focus more resources on conducting business with larger
private-for-profit institutions and certain select not-for-profit institutions. 

Customers  

The Company principally supports post-secondary
colleges and universities, primarily in the not-for-profit and public sectors. Current and past education customers include: the
University of Alabama, University of Arizona, Concordia University, University of Central Florida, Embry Riddle Aeronautical University,
University of the Southwest, Seminole State College, University of South Alabama, Orange Coast Community College, University of
Mississippi, Pepperdine University, University of Massachusetts, Simmons College, Texas Tech University, University of Houston
and Shorelight Education. Our not-for-profit customers outside of the education market include American Red Cross, NBC Red Nose
Day, MarkeTouch Media, Inc. and Patriot Communications, LLC. Currently, our four (4) largest customers account for approximately
one-third of our revenue. 

Government Regulation  

Higher education is heavily regulated by
state and federal governmental , market forces and self-regulation in the form of private accreditation associations of universities,
as recognized by the United States Department of Education (the   USDOE  ). Accrediting bodies play a significant
role in overseeing institutional financial health, operating practices and academic quality. The USDOE supervises these accrediting
bodies while playing a major role in regulating the higher education marketplace through the federal government s involvement
in higher education through the issuance and guarantee of student loans as well as direct grant funding. These programs, known
as Federal Student Aid (FSA), are regulated under the authority of Title IV of the United States Code. Title IV s design
ensures colleges and universities act as ethical stewards of federal funds. Mainly, it regulates enrollment practices, accountability
reporting and, in the case of for-profit institutions, how much of a school s revenue comes from federal student aid programs.
Funding through Title IV is important as it relates to students  ability to attend college and institutions to operate. The
federal government has taken a more involved role in the regulation of higher education over the past six (6) years. With federal
education policy focused on increasing college attainment, the likelihood of reduction of overall federal support of higher education
is minimal; however, the federal government has begun to fund alternative forms of higher education, including  competency-based 
programs, and has indicated a desire to provide funding based on student outcomes. Further, the federal government requires colleges
and universities to increase disclosures regarding student experiences and outcomes, implemented a  score card  system
that rates post-secondary schools and has enacted regulations that could limit the ability of certain schools to offer certain
types of academic programs if they are deemed to not provide a sufficient level of employment and income for students compared
to the cost of the program. 

Employees   

As of the date of this report, we have
163 employees, all of whom are employed full-time. 

7   

Available Information  

We are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  ). We are not required to deliver an annual
report to our security holders, but will provide one voluntarily if a written request is sent to us at our principal executive
office at 12424 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1030, Los Angeles, California 90024. Reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange
Act, including our annual and quarterly reports, can be inspected and copied on official business days during the hours of 10:00
a.m. to 3:00 p.m. prevailing eastern time at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549. Investors may obtain information on the operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
Investors can request copies of these documents upon payment of a duplicating fee by writing to the SEC. The reports we file with
the SEC are also available on the SEC s website ( http://www.sec.gov  ). 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Information provided in this report
may contain forward-looking statements that reflect management s current view with respect to future events, the viability
or efficacy of our products and our future performance. Such forward-looking statements may include projections with respect to
market size and acceptance, revenues and earnings, marketing and sales strategies and business operations, as well as efficacy
of our products.  

We operate in a highly competitive and
highly regulated business environment. Our business can be expected to be affected by government regulation, economic, political
and social conditions, and other conditions and factors. Our actual results could differ materially from management s expectations
because of changes both within and outside of our control. Due to such uncertainties and the risk factors set forth in this report,
prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon such forward-looking statements.  

Going Concern  

Our financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis. We must raise additional capital to fund our operations in order to continue as a going concern.   

Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP, our independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, has included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion
that accompanies our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended August 31, 2016, indicating that our
current liquidity position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to improve
our liquidity position we may not be able to continue as a going concern. Our ability to raise the capital needed to improve our
financial condition may be hindered by the existing anti-dilution protections in existing investor agreements. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern
and, therefore, be required to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities other than in the normal course of business which
could cause investors to suffer the loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment. 

We currently do not have sufficient sources
of liquidity to fund our activities and debt service needs and we will need to raise additional equity or debt capital immediately
in order to continue as a going concern and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 

Risks Related to Our Business  

We have incurred losses for fiscal
2016 and we expect our operating expenses to increase in the foreseeable future, which may make it more difficult for us to achieve
and maintain profitability.   

We are not profitable and have incurred
losses in the last fiscal year. Our net loss for the year ended August 31, 2016 was $8.5 million. As of August 31, 2016, we had
an accumulated deficit of $13.0 million. We will need to generate and sustain increased revenue levels in future periods in order
to become profitable, and even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase our level of profitability. We anticipate that
our operating expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we undertake increased technology and production
efforts to support a growing number of client programs, and increase our program marketing and sales efforts to drive the increase
of universities and colleges utilizing our services. In addition, as a public company, we will incur significant accounting, legal
and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. These expenditures will make it harder for us to achieve and maintain
profitability. Our efforts to grow our business may be more costly than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue
enough to offset our higher operating expenses. If we are forced to reduce our expenses, our growth strategy could be compromised.
We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications
and delays and other unknown events. As a result, we can provide no assurance as to whether or when we will again achieve profitability.
If we are not able to achieve and maintain profitability, the value of our Company and our Common Stock could decline significantly. 

Our ability to grow and compete in
the future will be adversely affected if adequate capital is not available to us or not available on terms favorable to us.   

The ability of our business to grow and
compete depends on the availability of adequate capital. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing
on acceptable terms, or at all, to implement our growth strategy. As a result, we cannot be certain that adequate capital will
be available to finance our current growth plans, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures,
any of which could harm our business. 

8   

We will need substantial additional
funding to continue our operations, which could result in dilution. We may not be able to raise capital when needed, if at all,
which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our development of new programs or commercialization efforts and could cause
our business to have insufficient funding for our current operations.   

The expansion of our operations and our
restructuring have consumed substantial amounts of cash during the last year. We expect to need substantial additional funding
to continue to pursue our business and continue with our expansion plans. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated
with operating as a public company. We may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown
factors that may increase our capital needs and/or cause us to spend our cash resources faster than we expect. Accordingly, we
will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to continue our operations. To date, we have financed our operations
entirely through equity investments by founders and other investors and the incurrence of debt, and we expect to continue to do
so in the foreseeable future. Additional funding from those or other sources may not be available when or in the amounts needed,
on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise capital through the sale of equity, or securities convertible into equity, it would
result in dilution to our then existing stockholders, which could be significant depending on the price at which we may be able
to sell our securities. If we raise additional capital through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, we would likely become
subject to further covenants restricting our business activities, and holders of debt instruments may have rights and privileges
senior to those of our equity investors. In addition, servicing the interest and principal repayment obligations under debt facilities
could divert funds that would otherwise be available to support development of new programs and marketing to current and potential
new clients. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate
development of new programs or future marketing efforts. Any of these events could significantly harm our business, financial condition
and prospects. 

Our future success is dependent,
in part, on the performance and continued service of our Chief Executive Officer, John Hall, Ed.D.   

The loss of services of our Chief Executive
Officer, Dr. John Hall, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. We are
highly dependent on Dr. Hall and his services are critical to the successful implementation of our continued success and expansion
plans. 

9   

Our business depends heavily on colleges
and universities co-sourcing their education management services and non-profit and for-profit corporations co-sourcing their contact
center services. If we fail to attract new clients, our revenue growth and profitability may suffer.   

The success of our business depends in
large part on our ability to enter into agreements with additional colleges and universities regarding their education management
activities. In particular, in order to engage new clients, we need to convince colleges and universities we can provide responsive
and informative education management services more effectively and efficiently than they could do themselves. Some administrators
have expressed concern regarding the perceived loss of control over the education management activities that are outsourced to
third parties and are concerned about the collection of personal student information by third parties that might result as part
of the outsourcing of education management services, as well as skepticism regarding the ability of colleges and universities to
adequately connect with students if student management services are outsourced to third parties. It may be difficult to overcome
this resistance, and there can be no assurance that education management services of the kind we develop with our clients will
ever achieve significant market acceptance. Similarly, many non-profit and for-profit organizations are reluctant to outsource
their contact center services due to the negative press and feedback that is often received with outsourcing contact services to
a third party. There is no assurance that we will be able to overcome these doubts to achieve market acceptance of our services. 

Our financial performance depends
heavily on our ability to successfully generate positive results for colleges and universities and our non-profit and for-profit
organizations, and our ability to do so may be affected by circumstances beyond our control.   

Assisting our clients in recruiting and
retaining larger numbers of better qualified applicants and assisting non-profit and for-profit corporations in outsourcing their
contact center operations in a positive manner is critical to our ability to increase our client base and generate revenue. A substantial
portion of our expenses is attributable to marketing and sales efforts dedicated to attracting potential students to our clients 
colleges and universities, providing services to those same colleges and universities so those students remain enrolled as well
as marketing the positive results of our contact center services to non-profit and for-profit corporations. Because we generate
revenue through transactional fees and recurring service fees, it is critical to our success that we are able to help the colleges
and universities increase and maintain their enrollment, as well as provide positive demonstrative results in a cost-effective
manner for both our college and university clients and our non-profit and for-profit contact center clients. 

The following factors, many of which are
largely outside of our control, may prevent us from successfully attracting and maintaining our client base: 

Cost of marketing.  The cost of recruiting students continues to rise. If the cost of marketing becomes too prohibitive, universities and colleges may not be able to afford our services.   

Financial outlook for colleges and universities.  Demographic changes, increased competition, concerns about return on investment as it relates to a post-secondary education, market saturation, public scrutiny involved in raising tuition and less costly alternatives have impacted a large number of post-secondary schools in the United States. Many of our clients are highly dependent on tuition revenue and/or funding that is derived from state/federal sources or federally-guaranteed student loan programs. Without reliable tuition revenue coming in, many of our clients would not be able to continue to operate. Further, the financial condition of many of our would-be clients can impact their ability to contract with our Company. If the financial outlook for colleges and universities continues to worsen, it could be increasingly difficult to generate new business and to maintain existing client contracts. This could have a material impact on our ability to grow and operate profitably.   

Lower cost alternatives such as competency based learning programs and Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs).  Technology, open source content, and a focus on mastery/competency versus completing a traditional academic program could provide students with viable alternatives to completing a traditional degree program at a fraction of the cost and potentially better job prospects. Should these alternatives become commonly accepted or provide specific paths and usable credentials to students in a more efficient way than earning a degree, our ability to market our programs to our clients could be significantly compromised.   

Damage to client reputation.  Because we market to specific colleges, universities, non-profit and for-profit organizations, the reputations of our clients are critical to those institutions and organizations having a need for our education management and relationship management services. Many factors affecting our clients  reputations are beyond our control and can change over time, including their academic performance and ranking among educational institutions and negative publicity about the college, university, non-profit or for-profit corporations.   

10   

Our lack of control over our clients  admissions decisions.  Even if we are able to identity prospective students for a program, there is no guarantee that students will be admitted to the program. Our clients retain complete discretion in their admissions decisions, and any changes to admissions standards, or inconsistent application of admissions standards, could affect student enrollment and our ability to generate revenue for our education management services.   

Our lack of control over our clients  ability to serve students.  Even if we are able to identity prospective students or enroll students for a program, there is no guarantee that students will be served well and efficiently. Today s students expect state-of-the-art amenities and service twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week. If one component of the student experience is lacking, there could be an adverse impact on student enrollment and our ability to generate revenue for our education management services.   

Disruption to or failures of our
platform could reduce client satisfaction with our clients  programs and could harm our reputation.   

Despite the implementation of security
measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses,
unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunications and electrical failures. The performance and reliability
of our platform is critical to our operations, reputation and ability to attract new clients. Our college and university clients
rely on our cloud-based technology solutions to recruit new students and provide communication with students both before and after
their enrollment. Students and clients access our platform on a frequent basis as an important part of the educational experience.
Likewise, our non-profit and corporate clients rely heavily on our platform of services to do everything from collect donations
to provide critical crisis communications to the public. Accordingly, any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems
with our platform could damage our or our clients  reputations, decrease student and customer satisfaction and impact our
ability to attract new clients. While we have not experienced any such system failure, if any of these problems occur, our clients
may, following notice and our failure to cure, terminate their agreements with us, or make indemnification or other claims against
us. In addition, sustained or recurring disruptions in our technology platform could adversely affect our and our clients 
compliance with applicable regulations and accrediting body standards. 

Launching a new program and attracting
new clients for the new program is complex, expensive and time-consuming. If we pursue unsuccessful client opportunities, we may
forego more profitable opportunities, and it may be several years, if ever, before we generate revenue from a new program sufficient
to recover our costs.   

The process of identifying programs and
student management needs at Tier 2 and Tier 3 colleges and universities that we believe will be a good fit for our platform, and
then negotiating contracts with potential clients, is complex and time consuming. We must integrate our platform with the various
student information and other operating systems our clients use to manage functions within their institutions. This process of
launching a new program is time-consuming and costly and, under our agreements with our clients, we are primarily responsible for
the significant costs of this effort, even before we generate any revenue. Additionally, during the life of our client agreements,
we are responsible for the costs associated with continued program marketing, maintaining our technology platform and providing
non-academic and other support for students enrolled with our clients. Further, because of the initial reluctance on the part of
some colleges and universities to embrace a new method of delivering and managing their education services and the complicated
approval process within universities, our sales process to attract and engage a new client can be lengthy. Depending on the particular
college or university, during the process, we may face resistance from university administrators or faculty members. The sales
cycle for a new student management program often spans one year or longer. In addition, our sales cycle can vary substantially
from program to program because of a number of factors, including the approval processes of the client or disagreements over the
information and manner in which we are providing our student management services. Even if a college or university is ready to proceed
with our services, limitations on funding can prevent us from finalizing an agreement with a new client. Further, even when a new
program is launched with a client, because of the lengthy period required to recoup our investment in a program, unexpected developments
beyond our control could occur that result in the client ceasing or significantly curtailing a program before we are able to fully
recoup our investment. We spend substantial effort and management resources on our new sales efforts without any assurance that
our efforts will result in the launch of a new service for a client. If we invest substantial resources pursuing unsuccessful opportunities,
we may never recover our costs, we may forego other more profitable client relationships, and our operating results and growth
would be harmed. 

11   

Future programs with colleges and
universities outside the United States could expose us to risks inherent in international operations.   

One element of our growth strategy is to
expand our international operations and establish a worldwide client base. We cannot be certain whether our expansion efforts into
international markets will be successful. Our experience with attracting clients in the United States may not be relevant to our
ability to attract clients in other emerging markets. In addition, we would face risks in doing business internationally that could
constrain our operations and compromise our growth prospects, including: 

the need to localize and adapt online degree programs for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages and ensuring that these programs enable our clients to comply with local education laws and regulations;   

data privacy laws that may require data to be handled in a specific manner;   

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including employment laws and regulations, different pricing environments, longer sales cycles, longer accounts receivable payment cycles and collections issues;   

new and different sources of competition and practices that may favor local competitors;   

weaker protection for legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing rights outside of the United States;   

compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection, and anti-bribery laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;   

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;   

restrictions on the transfer of funds;   

adverse tax consequences, including the potential for required withholding taxes for our overseas employees;   

unstable regional and economic political conditions; and   

future agreements with international clients that may provide for payments to us to be denominated in local currencies. In such case, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies could impact our operating results when translated into U.S. dollars, and we may not be able to engage in currency hedging activities to effectively limit the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.   

If we are not successful in quickly
and efficiently scaling up programs with new and existing clients, our reputation and our revenue could suffer.   

Our continued growth and future profitability
depends on our ability to successfully scale up newly launched programs with our clients. As we continue growing our business,
we plan to continue to hire new employees at a rapid pace, particularly in our program marketing and sales team, our technology
team and our operations team. If we cannot adequately train these new employees, we may not be successful in acquiring new clients
and expanding the services we are providing for our current clients, which would adversely impact our ability to generate revenue,
and our clients could lose confidence in the knowledge and capability of our employees. If we cannot quickly and efficiently scale
up our technology to handle growing numbers of students and data, and new client programs, our clients  experiences with
our platform may suffer, which could damage our reputation among colleges and universities, and their faculty and students, as
well as our reputation with our non-profit and corporate clients and their customers. Our ability to effectively manage any significant
growth of new programs will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

satisfy existing clients and attract new clients to our existing programs;   

assist our clients in recruiting qualified faculty to support their programs;   

successfully introduce new features and enhancements, and maintain a high level of functionality in our platform; and    

deliver high quality support to our clients and their faculty, students and customers.   

12   

Establishing new client programs or expanding
existing programs will require us to make investments in management and key staff, increase capital expenditures, incur additional
marketing expenses and reallocate other resources. If we do not expand the programs we currently have with our clients, we are
unable to launch new programs in a cost-effective manner or we are otherwise unable to manage new client programs effectively,
our ability to grow our business and achieve profitability would be impaired, and the quality of our solutions and the satisfaction
of our clients and their students and customers could suffer. 

We currently have, and for the foreseeable
future expect to continue to have, a small number of clients, and therefore we expect the loss, or material underperformance, of
any one client could hurt our future financial performance.   

We are currently engaged by fewer than
50 colleges and universities, and of these colleges and universities, our two largest clients account for approximately one-third
of our revenue. For the foreseeable future, we expect to launch a small number of new programs that will be added with existing
or new clients each year. As a result of the small number of our clients, the material underperformance of any one program with
a client or any decline in the ranking of one of our clients  or other impairment of their reputation, could have a disproportionate
effect on our business. Additionally, because we rely on our own reputation for delivering high quality education management services
and recommendations from existing clients in order to attract potential new clients, the loss of several key clients, or the failure
of several key clients to renew their agreements with us upon expiration, could impair our ability to pursue our growth strategy
and ultimately to become profitable. 

If our security measures are breached
or fail, resulting in unauthorized disclosure of data, we could lose clients, fail to attract new clients and be exposed to protracted
and costly litigation.   

Maintaining platform security is of critical
importance for our clients because the platform stores and transmits proprietary and confidential customer, university and student
information, which may include sensitive personally identifiable information, credit card or financial institution information
that is subject to stringent legal and regulatory obligations. As a technology company, we face an increasing number of threats
to our technology platform, including unauthorized activity and access, system viruses, worms, malicious code and organized cyber-attacks,
which could breach our security and disrupt our solutions and our clients  programs. If our security measures are breached
or fail as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, we could be subject to liability or our business
could be interrupted, potentially over an extended period of time. Any or all of these issues could harm our reputation, adversely
affect our ability to attract new clients, cause existing clients to scale back their programs or elect to not renew their agreements,
or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability. Further, any reputational damage resulting
from breach of our security measures could create distrust of our Company by prospective clients. In addition, our insurance coverage
may not be adequate to cover losses associated with such events, and in any case, such insurance may not cover all of the types
of costs, expenses and losses we could incur to respond to and remediate a security breach. As a result, we may be required to
expend significant additional resources to protect against the threat of these disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate
problems caused by such disruptions or breaches. 

We plan to grow rapidly and expect
to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we fail to manage this growth effectively, the success of our
business model will be compromised.   

We expect to experience rapid growth in
a relatively short period of time, which will place a significant strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure,
facilities and other resources. Our ability to manage our operations and growth will require us to continue to expand our program
marketing and sales personnel, technology team, and finance and administration teams, as well as our facilities and infrastructure.
We will also be required to refine our operational, financial and management controls, and reporting systems and procedures. 

These activities will require significant
capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources, and our growth will continue to place significant
demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. There are no guarantees that we will be able to effectively
manage any future growth in an efficient, cost-effective or timely manner, or at all. 

13   

Risks Related to Our Market   

We face competition from established
as well as other emerging companies, which could divert clients to our competitors, result in pricing pressure and significantly
reduce our revenue.   

We expect existing competitors and new
entrants to the education management market to constantly revise and improve their business models in response to challenges from
competing businesses, including ours. If these or other market participants introduce new or improved delivery of education management
and technology-enabled services that we cannot match or exceed in a timely or cost-effective manner, our ability to grow our revenue
and achieve profitability could be compromised. Our primary competitors include 2U, Inc., Embanet-Pearson, Blackboard Inc., Xerox
Higher Education Services, Keypath Education., Ellucian, Inc., Instructure, Inc., Royall   Company, Wiley   Company, Ruffalo
Noel Levitz,, Academic Partnerships, LLC and Global Financial Aid Services, Inc., all of which are large education management companies.
There are also several new and existing vendors providing some or all of the services we provide to other segments of the education
market, and these vendors may pursue the institutions we target. In addition, colleges and universities may choose to continue
using or develop their own education management solutions in-house, rather than pay for our solutions. Some of our competitors
and potential competitors have significantly greater resources than we do. Increased competition may result in pricing pressure
for us in terms of the fees that we are able to negotiate to receive from a client. The competitive landscape may also result in
longer and more complex sales cycles with a prospective client or a decrease in our market share among selective colleges and universities,
either of which could negatively affect our revenue and future operating results and our ability to grow our business. 

If we cannot compete successfully against
our competitors, our ability to grow our business and achieve profitability could be impaired. 

The education marketplace is experiencing
significant change, which could adversely impact the need for our services.   

Due to significant technological innovations,
changes in marketplace demand, and increased regulatory intervention, the entire model of higher education could significantly
change in ways that could significantly reduce the Company s market, as well as the ways in which students receive education
and interact with schools. As a result, the Company s products and services could become irrelevant or of diminished value
in the Company s marketplace. 

Macroeconomic conditions may significantly
impact our ability to generate revenue.   

The services we offer to colleges, universities,
non-profit and for-profit organizations require these companies and organizations to have a need for our education management and
relationship management services. To the extent economic conditions make it difficult for students to obtain the necessary employment
or financial aid, enrollment numbers may drop and colleges and universities may not have as great a need for our services. Similarly,
if macroeconomic conditions are such that non-profit and for-profit corporations reduce their event marketing efforts or reduce
the services they offer, they may not have a need for our services. 

Activities of the U.S. Congress could
result in legislation or regulations that negatively impact our operations.   

The United States Department of Education
( USDOE ) plays a significant role in regulating the higher education marketplace. Federal Student Aid ( FSA )
programs are regulated under the authority of Title IV of the United States Code and ensure that colleges and universities act
as ethical stewards of federal funds. The federal government has increased its role in the regulation of higher education over
the past five years, has begun to fund alternative forms of higher education, including  competency-based  programs,
and has indicated a desire to provide funding based on student outcomes. Further, the federal government is requiring colleges
and universities to increase disclosures regarding student experiences and outcomes, is implementing a  score card 
system that rates post-secondary schools, and is actively considering additional regulations that could limit the ability of certain
schools to offer certain types of academic programs if they fail to provide a sufficient level of employment and income for students
compared to the cost of the program. The increased scrutiny and results-based accountability initiatives may place additional regulatory
burdens on colleges and universities and companies like us that provide services to them. Congress could also enact laws or regulations
that require us to modify our practices in ways that could increase our costs. In addition, the USDOE is conducting an ongoing
series of rulemakings to assure the integrity of the Title IV programs. The USDOE also has proposed implementing a ratings system
by the 2015-16 academic year that would  rate  the effectiveness of every college and university in the United States
that receives federal funding. The vast majority of colleges and universities are not selective schools and could be rated poorly.
The USDOE has also proposed that colleges and universities with more favorable ratings might receive additional funding (including
federally guaranteed student loans) from the federal government, whereas, schools that do not meet a certain minimum rating threshold,
could find themselves at a disadvantage. Any of these, or other changes, implemented by the USDOE could hurt our ability to market
and recruit for our university clients or adversely impact the viability of a significant number of clients in our market. 

14   

We are required to comply with The
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( FERPA ) and failure to do so could harm our reputation and negatively affect
our business.   

FERPA generally prohibits an institution
of higher education from disclosing personally identifiable information from a student s education records without the student s
consent. Our clients and their students disclose to us certain information that originates from or comprises a student education
record under FERPA. As an entity that provides services to institutions, we are indirectly subject to FERPA, and we may not transfer
or otherwise disclose any personally identifiable information from a student record to another party other than in a manner permitted
under the statute. If we violate FERPA, it could result in a material breach of contract with one or more of our clients and could
harm our reputation. Further, in the event that we disclose student information in violation of FERPA, the USDOE could require
a client to suspend our access to their student information for at least five years. 

If we or our subcontractors or agents
violate the Higher Education Act and corresponding regulations established by USDOE as it relates to the ban on incentive compensation
and student enrollments, we could be liable to our clients for substantial fines, sanctions or other liabilities.   

We are subject to other provisions of the
Higher Education Act s ban on incentive compensation that prohibit us from offering to our employees who are involved with
or responsible for recruiting or admissions activities any bonus or incentive-based compensation based on the successful identification,
admission or enrollment of students into any institution. If we or our subcontractors or agents violate the incentive compensation
rule, we could be liable to our clients for substantial fines, sanctions or other liabilities, including liabilities related to
 whistleblower  claims under the federal False Claims Act. Any such claims, even if without merit, could require us
to incur significant costs to defend the claim, distract management s attention and damage our reputation. 

If we or our subcontractors or agents
violate the misrepresentation rule, or similar federal and state regulatory requirements, we could face fines, sanctions and other
liabilities.   

We are required to comply with other regulations
promulgated by the USDOE that affect our student recruitment activities, including the misrepresentation rule. The misrepresentation
rule is broad in scope and applies to statements our employees, subcontractors or agents may make about the nature of a client s
program, a client s financial charges or the employability of a client s program graduates. A violation of this rule
or other federal or state regulations applicable to our marketing activities by an employee, subcontractor or agent performing
services for clients could hurt our reputation, result in the termination of client contracts, require us to pay fines or other
monetary penalties and require us to pay the fees associated with indemnifying a client from private claims or government investigations. 

15   

If other colleges and universities,
which outsource education management services and programs different from ours, experience poor or unsatisfactory results with
their education management services and programs, it could tarnish the reputation of outsourcing education management services
as a whole, which could impair our ability to grow our business.   

Many colleges and universities, particularly
for-profit institutions, are under intense regulatory and other scrutiny, which has led to media attention that has sometimes portrayed
the use of online education and education services in an unflattering light. Some school operators have been subject to governmental
investigations alleging the misuse of public funds, financial irregularities, and failure to achieve positive outcomes for students,
including the inability to obtain gainful employment in their fields. These allegations have attracted significant adverse media
coverage and have prompted legislative hearings and regulatory responses. These investigations have focused on specific companies
and individuals, and even entire industries in the case of recruiting practices by for-profit higher education companies. Even
though we are not an educational institution, this negative media attention may nevertheless add to skepticism about outsourcing
recruiting and other online educational management services generally, including our programs. The precise impact of these negative
public perceptions on our current and future business is difficult to discern. If these few situations, or any additional misconduct,
cause all online provision of education management services to be viewed by the public or policymakers unfavorably, we may find
it difficult to enter into or renew contracts with colleges and universities or attract additional clients. In addition, this perception
could serve as the impetus for more restrictive legislation, which could limit our future business opportunities. Moreover, allegations
of abuse of federal financial aid funds and other statutory violations against higher education companies could negatively impact
our opportunity to succeed due to increased regulation and decreased demand. Any of these factors could negatively impact our ability
to increase our client base and grow our clients  programs, which would make it difficult to continue to grow our business. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common
Stock  

There is not now, and there may never
be, an active, liquid and orderly trading market for our Common Stock, which may make it difficult for to sell shares of our Common
Stock.   

There is not now, nor has there been since
our inception, significant trading activity in our Common Stock or a market for shares of our Common Stock, and an active trading
market for our shares may never develop or be sustained. As a result, investors in our Common Stock must bear the economic risk
of holding those shares for an indefinite period of time. Although our Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Quote Board ( OTCQB ),
an over-the-counter quotation system, trading of our common stock is extremely limited and sporadic and at very low volumes. We
do not now, and may not in the future, meet the initial listing standards of any national securities exchange, and we presently
anticipate that our Common Stock will continue to be quoted on the OTCQB or another over-the-counter quotation system in the foreseeable
future. In those venues, our stockholders may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of their shares
of our Common Stock, and may find few buyers to purchase their stock and few market makers to support its price. As a result of
these and other factors, it may not be possible to resell shares of our Common Stock at or above the price for which they were
purchased, or at all. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional equity in
the future, and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using shares of
our Common Stock as consideration. 

16   

We have no plans to pay dividends.   

To date, we have paid no cash dividends
on our Common Stock. For the foreseeable future, earnings generated from our operations will be retained for use in our business
and not to pay dividends. In addition, the terms of our existing credit facilities preclude, and the terms of any future debt agreements
is likely to similarly preclude, us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will
be the sole resource of gain for stockholders for the foreseeable future. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase
our common stock. 

The application of the SEC s
 penny stock  rules to our Common Stock could limit trading activity in the market, and our stockholders may find it
more difficult to sell their stock.   

Our Common Stock is trading at less than
$5.00 per share and is therefore subject to the SEC penny stock rules. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price
of less than $5.00. Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the
penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market
value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security
that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit their market price and liquidity of our
securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability to
resell our Common Stock. 

If we are unable to establish appropriate
internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the
restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common
Stock.   

Effective internal controls are necessary
for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial
reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

As a public company, we have significant
additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We are required to document and test our internal
control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires annual
management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered
public accounting firm addressing these assessments. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a
continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments
and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations
as a public company. This annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over
financial reporting or an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period
established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies. 

17   

We cannot be certain that we will, in the
future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot be certain that the measures
we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls
over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal
financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement
of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock. 

The market price of our Common Stock
is volatile.   

The market price of our Common Stock may
be highly volatile. Some of the factors that may materially affect the market price of our Common Stock are beyond our control,
such as changes in financial estimates by industry and securities analysts, conditions or trends in the industry in which we operate
or sales of our Common Stock. These factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of
our performance. In addition, public stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility. This volatility
has significantly affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating
performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

Because our directors and executive
officers are among our largest stockholders, they can exert significant control over our business and affairs, and have actual
or potential interests that may depart from those of investors.   

Certain of our executive officers and directors
own a significant percentage of our outstanding capital stock. As of the date of this report, our executive officers, directors,
holders of 5% or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates beneficially own over 60% of our outstanding voting
stock. The holdings of our directors and executive officers may increase further in the future upon vesting or other maturation
of exercise rights under any of the options or warrants they may hold or in the future be granted or if they otherwise acquire
additional shares of Common Stock. The interests of such persons may differ from the interests of our other stockholders, including
investors. As a result, in addition to their board seats and offices, such persons will have significant influence over and control
all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, irrespective of how the Company s other stockholders, including investors,
may vote, including the following actions: 

to elect or defeat the election of our directors;   

to amend or prevent amendment of our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws;   

to effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and   

to control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for vote.   

This concentration of ownership by itself
may have the effect of impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business consolidation, or discouraging a potential
acquirer from making a tender offer for the Common Stock that in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders
from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

We may issue more shares in a future
financing which could result in substantial dilution.   

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
the issuance of a maximum of 937,500,000 shares of Common Stock and no shares of preferred stock. Any future merger or acquisition
effected by us would result in the issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and the substantial dilution
in the percentage of our Common Stock held by our then existing stockholders. Moreover, the Common Stock issued in any such merger
or acquisition transaction may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm s-length basis by our management, resulting in an additional
reduction in the percentage of Common Stock held by our then existing stockholders. Additionally, we expect to seek additional
financing in order to provide working capital to the operating business. Our board of directors has the power to issue any or all
of such authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock or preferred
stock are issued in connection with and following a business combination or otherwise, dilution to the interests of our stockholders
will occur and the rights of the holders of Common Stock might be materially and adversely affected. 

18   

Some provisions of our charter documents
and Nevada law may discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if the acquisition may be beneficial to some of our stockholders.   

Provisions in our Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws as in effect upon the closing of the Merger, as well as certain provisions of Nevada law,
could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so may benefit some of our stockholders. These provisions
include the authorization of  blank check  preferred stock, the rights, preferences and privileges of which may be
established and shares of which may be issued by our board of directors at its discretion from time to time and without stockholder
approval. 

Because we are incorporated in Nevada,
we may be governed by Nevada s statutes governing combinations with interested stockholders and control share acquisitions,
which may discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring us or merging with us, whether or not it is desired by or beneficial
to our stockholders. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws, we have elected not to be governed
by Nevada s laws governing combinations with interested stockholders, and as a result will only be subject to those laws
upon a future amendment to the applicable provisions of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. Under Nevada s
laws governing combinations with interested stockholders, a corporation may not, in general, engage in certain types of business
combinations with any beneficial owner of 10% or more of the corporation s voting shares or an affiliate of the corporation
who at any time within two years immediately prior to the date in question was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the corporation s
voting shares, unless the holder has held the stock for two years or the board of directors approved the beneficial owner s
acquisition of its shares, the board of directors approved the transaction before the beneficial owner acquired its shares, or
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding voting power approve the transaction after the beneficial owner acquired its
shares. In addition, Nevada s control share acquisition laws prohibit a purchaser of the shares of an  issuing corporation 
from voting those shares, under certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations, after crossing specified threshold ownership
percentages, unless the purchaser obtains the approval of the issuing corporation s disinterested stockholders. As the control
share acquisition law only applies to an  issuing corporation,  which is a corporation with 200 or more stockholders
of record and at least 100 stockholders of record with addresses in Nevada appearing on the stock ledger of the corporation, we
do not presently believe that the control share acquisition laws are applicable to us. However, such control share acquisition
laws could become applicable to us in the future and could have an anti-takeover effect. 

Any provision of our Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or of Nevada law that is applicable to us that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change
in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock in the event
that a potentially beneficial acquisition is discouraged, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay
for our common stock. 

The elimination of personal liability
against our directors and officers under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification rights held by our directors, officers
and employees may result in substantial expenses.   

Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
and our Bylaws limit the personal liability of our directors and officers for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
or officer to the extent permissible under Nevada law. Further, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws
and individual indemnification agreements we have entered with each of our directors and executive officers provide that we are
obligated to indemnify each of our directors or officers to the fullest extent authorized by Nevada law and, subject to certain
conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending any action, suit or proceeding prior to its final
disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage
awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further, those provisions and resulting costs may discourage
us or our stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers for breaches of their
fiduciary duties, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our stockholders. 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends
on our capital stock in the foreseeable future.   

We do not anticipate paying any dividends
in the foreseeable future. Any future payment of cash dividends in the future would depend on our financial condition, contractual
restrictions, solvency tests imposed by applicable corporate laws, results of operations, anticipated cash requirements and other
factors, and will be at the discretion of the our board of directors. Our stockholders should not expect that we will ever pay
cash or other dividends on our outstanding capital stock. 

19   

We might not be able to utilize a
significant portion of our net operating loss carry-forwards, which could adversely affect our profitability.   

As of August 31, 2016, PCS Link had federal
and state net operating loss carry-forwards due to prior period losses, which, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2032 for
federal and state purposes, respectively. These net operating loss carry-forwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset
future income tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  which is generally defined as a greater
than 50% change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change
net operating loss carry-forwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. We have
not completed an analysis to determine what, if any, impact any prior ownership change has had on our ability to utilize our net
operating loss carry-forwards. In addition, we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts
in our stock ownership. If we determine that an ownership change has occurred and our ability to use our historical net operating
loss carry-forwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by increasing our future tax obligations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  

We do not own any real property. We lease
our corporate headquarters and education service center facilities. Our corporate headquarters are located at 12424 Wilshire Blvd,
Suite 1030, Los Angeles, California 90024. We also lease space located at 2504 Kent Street, Bryan, Texas 77802, and 21410 North
19 th  Avenue, Suite 210, Phoenix, Arizona 85027. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

The Company is involved from time to time
in various legal proceedings in the normal conduct of its business. 

On January 15, 2015, Finance 500, Inc.
( F500 ) and Bridgewater Capital Corporation ( BCC ) filed suit against PCS Link alleging breach of contract.
On April 18, 2016, the Company s subsidiary, PCS Link, Inc. ( PCS Link ) entered into a confidential settlement
agreement (the  F500 Settlement Agreement ) with F500 and BCC related to the resolution of disputes arising under a consulting
agreement dated August 5, 2013 (the  F500 Consulting Agreement ) between PCS Link, F500, and BCC. Pursuant to the F500
Settlement Agreement and in order avoid the continued cost and uncertainty of litigation, the Company agreed to issue a total of
750,000 shares of Common Stock to F500 and BCC, in return for (a) a general release of all claims F500 and BCC may have against
PCS Link and (b) F500 and BCC s dismissal of the lawsuit. The Company also agreed to pay to F500 and BCC a total $ 130,000,
over a twelve-month period commencing on June 12, 2016. 

On August 31, 2013, the Robin Hood Foundation
( Robin Hood ) filed suit against Patriot Communications, LLC ( Patriot ), a client of the Company, in
the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (Central District) alleging breach of contract and
failure to perform, including among other things an intentional tort claim, in the amount of not less than $5,000,000. On May 6,
2014, Patriot filed a cross-complaint naming PCS Link as a cross-defendant. Patriot denies the allegations set forth by Robin Hood.
On August 22, 2014, Robin Hood filed a First Amended Complaint, naming the Company and John Hall, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company ( Hall ), in his individual capacity, as defendants. The First Amended Complaint asserts claims against the
Company and Hall for fraud, fraudulent concealment, negligent misrepresentation, negligence and violation of Business   Professions
Code section 17200. The First Amended Complaint also alleges a cause of action for breach of contract solely against the Company.
In October 2015, Hall, in his individual capacity, was dismissed from the litigation as a defendant upon a successful motion to
dismiss him. On July 5, 2016, PCS Link entered into a confidential settlement agreement ( Robin Hood Settlement Agreement )
with the Robin Hood and Patriot regarding, among other things, the resolution of all claims associated with the lawsuit. Pursuant
to the Robin Hood Settlement Agreement, (i) Robin Hood received a settlement payment, of which approximately $380,000 was paid
by the Company s insurance carrier and $20,000 was paid by the Company, and (ii) Robin Hood agreed to (a) release the Company
and Hall from all claims, (b) dismiss the Action against the Company, and (c) refrain from pursuing an appeal of Hall s dismissal
from the action by the Superior Court. The action also included a cross-complaint filed by Patriot against PCS Link. As part of
a full resolution of the action and in order to avoid the continued cost and uncertainty of litigation, PCS Link entered into a
separate confidential settlement agreement (the  Patriot Settlement Agreement ) with Patriot, pursuant to which PCS
Link agreed to enter into a new five (5) year Master Services Agreement ( MSA ) with Patriot that extended the existing
service relationship between the Company and Patriot, providing for certain preferential pricing and terms to Patriot and requiring
PCS Link to provide services to Patriot through October 2021. In return, Patriot agreed to (i) release all claims against PCS Link
and (ii) dismiss its counter-complaint against PCS Link. 

On March 11, 2016, StoryCorp Consulting,
Inc. and David R. Wells filed suit against the Company and the John R. Hall, in his individual capacity, in the Superior Court
of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (Central District) for breach of contract and promissory fraud/false promise,
among other things, seeking an amount of not less than $100,000. The Company believes that it has a strong defenses and is vigorously
defending against this lawsuit, but the potential range of loss related to this matter cannot be determined, as the pleadings are
still not resolved, and will not be resolved until 2017, at the earliest. No trial date has been set. If we fail in defending any
such claims or settling these claims, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, the outcome of this matter
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20   

ITEM
4.     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable. 

ITEM
5.     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market Information  

Our Common Stock is currently available
for trading in the over-the-counter market and is quoted on the Over the Counter Quote Board ( OTCQB ) under the symbol
 ELRN.  Prior to July 29, 2014, our stock traded under the symbol  DIVO.  As of the date of this report,
there was no minimal bid history for the Common Stock. 

Trades in our Common Stock may be subject
to Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, which imposes requirements on broker/dealers who sell securities subject to the rule to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by the rule, broker/dealers must make a special
suitability determination for purchasers of the securities and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction
before the sale. 

The SEC also has rules that regulate broker/dealer
practices in connection with transactions in  penny stocks.  Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price
of less than $5.00 (other than securities listed on certain national exchanges, provided that the current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in that security is provided by the applicable exchange or system). The penny stock rules require
a broker/dealer, before effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in
the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market
value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson
compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing before effecting the transaction, and must be given
to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for shares of our Common Stock. As a result of these rules, investors
may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

Holders  

As of November 29, 2016, there are approximately
12 record holders of 58,741,683 shares of Common Stock. As of the date of this filing, 37,567,335 shares of Common Stock are issuable
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options, and pursuant to certain executed stock purchase agreements. As of August
31, 2016, 18,942,335 shares of Common Stock were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options, and pursuant to
certain executed stock purchase agreements. 

Dividend Policy  

We have never declared or paid dividends.
We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future
earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. The payment of dividends, if any, on our Common Stock will rest solely
within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements, financial
condition and other relevant factors. 

21   

Sales of Unregistered Securities  

The Company disclosed its sales of unregistered
securities during the fiscal year in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2015, filed on January
19, 2016, and in its Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed on April 19, 2016, July 5, 2016 and October 19, 2016. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

This item has been omitted as the Company
qualifies as a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following management s discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company historical financial statements and the related notes. This management s
discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans,
objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this report. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section entitled  Risk Factors 
included elsewhere in this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances occurring after the date of this report. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based on PCS Link s financial statements, which PCS Link has prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires PCS Link to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing
basis, PCS Link evaluates such estimates and judgments, including those described in greater detail below. PCS Link bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various other factors that PCS Link believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

22   

Company
Overview   

Based in Los Angeles, California with Education Service Centers
in Phoenix, Arizona and College Station, Texas, Greenwood Hall is a provider of technology-enabled student lifecycle management
solutions that help colleges and universities increase revenue and improve student engagement and outcomes. Since 2006, Greenwood
Hall has developed customized turnkey solutions that combine strategy, people, proven processes and robust technology to help schools
effectively and efficiently improve student outcomes, as well as increase revenues and expand into new marketing channels, such
as online learning. Greenwood Hall has served more than 70 education clients, over 80 degree programs and over 600,000 students. 

We provide cloud-based education management
services that address the entire student lifecycle. Our end-to-end services begin with recruitment and student enrollment and end
with post-graduation job placement, career networking and alumni relations. Our solutions are utilized by schools that need to
enhance the student experience and are looking to expand into new markets such as online learning, international and/or competency-based
learning. All of our solutions are designed to help public and not-for-profit higher education institutions generate sustainable
improvements in operating and financial results, while improving student success and satisfaction. 

Our core services include: (a) enrollment
management solutions, including lead generation/marketing, prospective student qualification, new student recruitment, and enrollment
counseling; (b) retention counseling/coaching and the reengagement of students who have dropped out of a particular institution;
and (c) student support solutions including help desk, career advising, student concierge, and financial aid advising services.
In conjunction with or prior to providing the aforementioned core services, we also provide (x) consulting services, including
market assessments and analysis of internal operational efficiency; (y) various data and technology enabled solutions that enable
school clients to better manage/analyze data, deliver instruction to students (online, hybrid, and classroom) and make certain
institutional decisions; and (z) management services. In addition to services provided to educational institutions, we provide
donor lifecycle management services to various major non-profit organizations. The lifecycle management services for non-profit
organizations are mainly related to legacy operations of our Company prior to entering the education marketplace in 2006. 

We believe that our end-to-end solutions
that span the entire student lifecycle provide us with an advantage over competing providers that often address isolated segments
of the student lifecycle spectrum, such as student acquisition and student retention. We generally focus on small to medium-sized
private and not-for-profit institutions and medium-sized to large public institutions. 

23   

Our Services  

Key components of our end-to-end student
lifecycle management solution are: 

Student Recruitment
  Enrollment    Our Student Recruitment and Enrollment services include interactive and traditional lead-generation
as well as end-to-end recruitment solutions for academic programs of all types, including online degree programs. We help clients
identify and reach out to qualified potential students, recruit prospective students, provide enrollment counseling and advice
on financial aid options and eligibility, guide students through the enrollment process and help to ensure that students have
a positive first week experience. From the first interaction with prospective students, our enrollment counselors act as an extension
of the client to establish and foster close, collaborative relationships with students. In our experience, these close relationships,
which begin in the recruitment process and extend through the entire student lifecycle, result in significantly improved leads
to enrollment rates, increased persistence, enhanced student experience and better student outcomes over the long term.  

Retention   Reengagement    Our student retention counselors and success coaches leverage web-based tools and analytics to monitor and assess student progress against their stated education and career goals and provide student-specific advising. Counselors proactively contact their assigned students each term to ensure students register for the next term, have all necessary instructional materials and textbooks, have made any necessary payment arrangements and are current on any financial aid requirements and to offer the necessary support to foster student persistence. In many cases, our counselors also work to reengage students who have left a particular institution or have dropped out of an academic program.    

Student Services -  We also offer student concierge services that provide students with personalized support on a wide range of needs including financial aid, payments, registration, help desk, password resets and portal navigation.   

24   

Going Concern  

As more fully described in Note 1 to the
financial statements appearing later in this report, our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory
paragraph in their report on our financial statements included with this report for the year ended August 31, 2016 related to the
uncertainty of our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has an accumulated deficit and a working capital deficit
as of August 31, 2016 and incurred a loss from continuing operations during fiscal 2016. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has historically funded its
activities through cash generated from operations, debt financing and advances from stockholders. During the twelve (12) months
ended August 31, 2016, the Company received a gross amount of approximately $905,000 from debt and equity financing. 

Management intends to restore profitability
by continuing to grow our operations and customer base. If the Company is not successful in becoming profitable, it may have to
further delay or reduce expenses, or curtail operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that could result should the Company not continue as a going concern. 

As a result, there is uncertainty about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Lack of Working Capital  

The Company has never been adequately capitalized.
As a result, the Company has at times suffered from costly cash flow challenges as well as associated costs, missed opportunities
and inability to fully scale its operations. The lack of working capital has caused the Company to rely heavily on operating revenue
as well as other sources of capital, such a debt. The Company believes proper capital investment and less reliance on incurring
new debt to finance the Company s growth will enable the Company to improve its financial performance in the future. 

25   

Debt Service  

The costs associated with the Company s
debt coupled with restrictions on the Company s cash flow availability, created significant strain on the Company s
cash flow, ability to invest in new business opportunities, operate efficiently and maximize employee morale. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our financial statements, which appear
at Item 8, have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require that
we make certain assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses during each reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates
its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, variable interest entities, allowances for doubtful accounts, the
valuation of deferred income taxes, tax contingencies and long-lived assets. These estimates are based on historical experience
and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
For additional information relating to these and other accounting policies, see note 1 to our financial statements appearing elsewhere
in this report. 

Our significant accounting policies are
set forth in Note 1 to our financial statements. Of those policies, we believe that the policies discussed below may involve a
higher degree of judgment and may be more critical to an accurate reflection of our financial condition and results of operations. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company s contracts are typically
structured into two categories, (i) fixed-fee service contracts that span a period of time, often in excess of one year, and (ii)
service contracts at agreed-upon rates based on the volume of service provided, typically with a term of one year. Some of the
Company s service contracts are subject to guaranteed minimum amounts of service volume. 

The Company recognizes revenue when all
of the following have occurred: (i) persuasive evidence of an agreement with the customer exists, (ii) services have been rendered,
(iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability of the selling price is reasonably assured. For fixed-fee
service contracts, the Company recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the period of contract performance. Costs incurred
under these service contracts are expensed as incurred. 

26   

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable  

An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained
for estimated losses resulting from the inability of the Company s customers to make required payments. Management specifically
analyzes the age of our customer balances, historical bad debt experience, customer credit-worthiness, and changes in customer
payment terms when making estimates of the collectability of the Company s trade accounts receivable balances. If the Company
determines that the financial condition of any of its customers has deteriorated, whether due to customer specific or general economic
issues, an increase in the allowance may be made. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the receivable is written
off. Based on the information available, management believes the Company s accounts receivable, net of the allowance for
doubtful accounts, are collectable. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes in
accordance with ASC 740-10,  Income Taxes,  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for
the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method,
deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable
to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable
for the period and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Derivative Liabilities  

We account for stock purchase warrants
as either equity or liabilities based upon the characteristics and provisions of each instrument. Warrants classified as equity
are recorded as additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and no further adjustments to their valuation are
made. Some of our warrants were determined to be ineligible for equity classification because of provisions that may result in
an adjustment to their exercise price. Warrants classified as derivative liabilities and other derivative financial instruments
that require separate accounting as assets or liabilities are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at their fair value on
the date of issuance and are revalued on each subsequent balance sheet date until such instruments are exercised or expire, with
any changes in the fair value between reporting periods recorded as other income or expense. We estimate the fair value of these
liabilities using option pricing models that are based on the individual characteristics of the warrants or instruments on the
valuation date, as well as assumptions for expected volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. 

The following is a discussion and analysis
of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended August 31, 2015 and August 31, 2016. The Financial Statements
should not be relied on for an understanding of the current financial status of the Company.  

Overview  

The Company was incorporated under the
laws of the State of Nevada on February 27, 2012 under the name  Divio Holdings, Corp.  Initially, the Company sold
motorcycles but later discontinued the motorcycle business and was engaged in organizational efforts, obtaining initial financing
and seeking a business combination. 

On July 22, 2014, Divio entered into a
Merger Agreement (the  Merger Agreement ) with its wholly owned subsidiary, Merger Sub, and PCS Link, Inc. ( PCS
Link ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into PCS Link with PCS Link remaining as the surviving
corporation (the  Merger ). Upon the consummation of the Merger, the separate existence of Merger Sub ceased, and PCS
Link became a wholly owned subsidiary of Divio. In connection with the Merger and at the effective time thereof, the holders of
all of the issued and outstanding shares of PCS Link Common Stock exchanged all of such shares (other than  dissenting shares 
as defined in California Corporations Code Section 1300) for a combined total of 25,250,000 shares of Common Stock of the
Company, representing approximately 71% of the total outstanding shares on the date of the Merger. In connection with the merger,
Divio Holdings, Corp. changed its name to Greenwood Hall, Inc. 

The Merger was accounted for as a  reverse
merger  with PCS Link as the accounting acquirer and the Company as the legal acquirer. Although, from a legal perspective,
the Company acquired PCS Link, from an accounting perspective, the transaction is viewed as a recapitalization of PCS Link accompanied
by an issuance of stock by PCS Link for the net assets of Greenwood Hall. This is because Greenwood Hall did not have operations
immediately prior to the merger, and following the merger, PCS Link was the operating company. PCS Link s stockholders owned
71% of the outstanding shares of Greenwood Hall immediately after completion of the transaction. 

27   

Results of Operations   

28   

Revenues : Revenues decreased $509,809, or 6.3%, during the
period ended August 31, 2016, primarily due to the one-time nature of a significant portion of revenue that was not associated
with the Company s core higher education business that was booked during the first quarter of the one year period ended August
31, 2015. Recurring revenues from the Company s core higher education business increased by 46% during period ended August
31, 2016, compared 2015, primarily due to the addition of new customer contracts in FY-2016. 

Direct Cost of Services: Direct cost of services decreased by
$1,331,399 or 21.6 %, during the period ended August 31, 2016, largely reflecting improvements in operating efficiencies. 

Personnel : Personnel costs increased by $985,474, or 48.2%,
during the period ended August 31, 2016, mostly because of an increase in the number of employees required to serve growth in the
Company s core higher education business. 

Selling, General and Administrative : Selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased by $ 615,658, or 19.5%, during the period ended August 31, 2016, primarily due to a reduction in overhead costs. 

Equity-based expense: Equity-based expense decreased by $829,171
or 50% during the period ending August 31, 2016 mainly due to significant warrants being issued in 2015 for services compared to
2016. 

Other Income (Expense): Other expense decreased by $35,905,
or 0.7%, during the period ended August 31, 2016, substantially due to non-cash interest expenses including a $ 1,500,000 expense
that was recognized as interest expense for the issuance of Common Stock associated with the termination of a registration rights
agreement in September 2015.. 

Income (Loss) From Continuing Operations : As a result of the
aforementioned items, we experienced a net loss of $8,524,428 from continuing operations during the period ended August 31, 2016,
compared with a net loss from continuing operations of $9,841,911 during the period ended August 31, 2015, a decrease of $1,317,483,
or 13.4%. 

EdTech Versus Legacy/Non-Recurring Revenue  

We have two revenue streams  
EdTech and Legacy. The EdTech side of our business includes all of our technology-enabled solutions offerings to higher
education. It is the growth side of our business and the area that Management believes will generate the highest stockholder
value. As such, the Company is focused on the growth of our EdTech product suite. Our Legacy business represents the
Company s non-education lifecycle management services for non-profit organizations as well as certain non-strategic
higher education offerings. In order to best maximize stockholder value, Management opted in 2014 to end its efforts to grow
the Company s Legacy business. The Company s revenues for FY-2015 reflect a disproportionate share of Legacy
business revenue, whereas revenues for FY-2016 reflect a much higher proportion of EdTech revenue. 

EdTech revenue increased by $ 1,930,052 or 46% during the year
period that ended on August 31, 2016 compared to the year period that ended August 31, 2015, primarily due to an increase in EdTech
contracts, that commenced services in the third and fourth quarters of FY-2016. 

29   

Adjusted EBITDA   

Adjusted EBITDA represents our earnings before interest
expense, other income (expense), income taxes, depreciation and amortization, transactional-related expenses, stock-based
compensation, and changes in the fair value of our derivative financial instruments. Adjusted EBITDA is a key measure used by
Management and the Board of Directors to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and
approve our annual budget and to develop short and long-term operational plans. In particular, the exclusion of certain
expenses in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business.
Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and
evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our Management and Board of Directors. 

Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to
any measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA may not
be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because other companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the
same manner as we do. 

Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical
tool, and investors should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under
U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

although depreciation and amortization are non-cash
charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized 

may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted
EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;   

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation;   

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest or tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; and   

other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness
as a comparative measure.   

30   

Due to these and other limitations, investors should consider
adjusted EBITDA alongside other U.S. GAAP-based financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net income
(loss) and our other U.S. GAAP results. The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA (loss) to net loss for
each of the periods indicated: 

Adjusted EBITDA improved by $ 906,640 or 27% during the year
period that ended on August 31, 2016 compared to the year period that ended August 31, 2015, primarily due to increases in revenue
and efficiencies. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Working Capital  

The decrease in working capital was due to the funding of on-going
operations. 

Cash Flows  

We experienced a net loss of $8,524,428 from continuing operations
during the period ended August 31, 2016. Historically, we have financed our operations from cash generated through operating activities
and proceeds from debt instruments. We intend to return to profitability in the future, however, we will require additional capital
funding until such time. 

The following is a summary of the Company s cash flows
provided by operating, investing and financing activities for the twelve months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015. 

Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations
was $1,874,788 compared with net cash used by operating activities from continuing operations of $3,363,812 during the year ended
August 31, 2015, representing a 44.3% decrease. The primary factor resulting in the change in cash provided by operating activities
from continuing operations was increased efficiciencies and the reduction of overhead. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during 2016 amounted
to $1,666,061 compared with net cash provided by financing activities during 2015 of $3,217,428, representing a 48.2% decrease,
primarily due to a decrease in fundraising. 

Debt of Companies  

Opus Bank  

As of August 31, 2016, the aggregate balance
outstanding on the promissory notes owed to Opus Bank ( Opus Notes ), as amended, amounted to $3,515,152. The maturity
date of the Opus Notes was October 31, 2016. The Opus Notes were secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries. The Opus Notes were not-convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. 

31   

California United Bank  

As of August 31, 2016, the aggregate balance
outstanding on the promissory note owed to California United Bank ( CUB Note ), as amended, amounted to $876,250. The
maturity date of the CUB Note was October 31, 2016. The CUB Note was secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and
its subsidiaries. The CUB Note was not-convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. 

Colgan Financial Group, Inc.  

As of August 31, 2016, the aggregate principal
balance outstanding on the promissory notes owed to Colgan Financial Group, Inc. ( Colgan Notes ), as amended, amounted
to $1,088,120. The maturity date of the Colgan Notes was October 31, 2016. The Colgan Notes, combined are convertible into 47,127,133
shares of the Company s common stock. The Colgan Notes are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries. 

Redwood Fund, LP  

As of August 31, 2016, the aggregate principal
balance outstanding on the unsecured promissory notes owed to Redwood Fund, LP. ( Redwood Notes ), as amended, amounted
to $993,530. The maturity date of the Redwood Notes was October 15, 2016. One of the Redwood Notes was convertible into 1,680,674
common shares of the Company. 

Lincoln Park Capital   Fund, LLP  

As of August 31, 2016, the aggregate principal
balance outstanding on the unsecured promissory notes owed to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLP. ( Lincoln Park Notes ),
as amended, amounted to $590,000. The maturity date of the Lincoln Park Notes was October 31, 2016. The Lincoln Park Notes were
convertible into 1,180,000 common shares of the Company. 

32   

FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund,
LLC  

As of August 31, 2016, the principal balance
outstanding on the unsecured promissory note owed to First Fire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC. ( First Fire Note ),
as amended, amounted to $392,500. The maturity date of the First Fire note was September 26, 2016. The First Fire Note was convertible
into 26,166,667 common shares of the Company. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Holding Company  

From the time of the Company s inception
until consummation of the Merger, the Company operated as a development stage enterprise by devoting substantially all of its efforts
to financial planning, raising capital, research and development and developing markets for its services. Since the consummation
of the Merger, the Company has acted as a holding company, holding its wholly owned subsidiary, PCS Link. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents include time
deposits, certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The
Company maintains cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions, which periodically may exceed federally insured amounts. 

Income (Loss) Per Common Share  

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed
using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed
using the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

This item has been omitted as the Company
qualifies as a smaller reporting company.  

33   

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Greenwood Hall,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Greenwood Hall, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended. The Company s
management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

An audit also includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of
August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, a working capital deficit, and has generated substantial losses during
the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters also are described in Note 1. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is
not modified with respect to that matter. 

/s/ Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP 

Encino, California 

 November 29, 2016 

34   

GREENWOOD HALL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AUGUST 31, 2016 AND AUGUST 31, 2015 

See report of independent registered public
accounting firm 

 and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

35   

GREENWOOD HALL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016 AND
AUGUST 31, 2015 

See report of independent registered public
accounting firm 
and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

36   

GREENWOOD HALL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT 

See report of independent registered public
accounting firm 
and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

37   

GREENWOOD HALL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016 AND AUGUST 31, 2015 

See report of independent registered public
accounting firm 

 and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

38   

GREENWOOD HALL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Organization  

Greenwood Hall is an emerging education
management solutions provider that delivers end-to-end services that support the entire student lifecycle including offerings that
increase student enrollment, improve student experience, optimize student success and outcomes, and help schools maximize operating
efficiencies. Since 2006, we have developed and customized turnkey solutions that combine strategy, personnel, proven processes
and robust technology to help schools effectively and efficiently improve student outcomes, expand into new markets such as online
learning, increase revenues, and deliver enhanced student experiences. Our Company currently has 163 employees and has served more
than 60 education clients and over 75 degree programs. 

Basis of Presentation  

On July 23, 2014, Greenwood Hall, Inc.
(formerly Divio Holdings, Corp. (  Divio  )) and its wholly owned subsidiary, Merger Sub, completed the Merger
Agreement, dated July 22, 2014, by and among Divio, Merger Sub, and PCS Link, Inc. (  PCS Link  ). Pursuant to
the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into PCS Link with PCS Link remaining as the surviving corporation (the   Surviving
Corporation  ) in the Merger. Upon the consummation of the Merger, the separate existence of Merger Sub ceased, and PCS
Link became a wholly owned subsidiary of Divio. In connection with the Merger and at the Effective Time, the holders of all of
the issued and outstanding shares of PCS Link Common Stock exchanged all of such shares (other than  dissenting shares 
as defined in California Corporations Code Section 1300) for a combined total of 25,250,000 shares of Common Stock, representing
approximately 71% of the total outstanding shares on the date of the Merger. In connection with the merger, Divio Holdings, Corp.
changed its name to Greenwood Hall, Inc. 

The Merger was accounted for as a  reverse
merger  with PCS Link as the accounting acquirer and the Company as the legal acquirer. Although, from a legal perspective,
the Company acquired PCS Link, from an accounting perspective, the transaction is viewed as a recapitalization of PCS Link accompanied
by an issuance of stock by PCS Link for the net assets of Greenwood Hall, Inc. This is because Greenwood Hall, Inc. did not have
operations immediately prior to the merger, and following the merger, PCS Link is the operating company. The board of directors
of Greenwood Hall, Inc. immediately after the merger consisted of five directors, with four of the five directors nominated by
PCS Link. Additionally, PCS Link s stockholders owned 71% of the outstanding shares of Greenwood Hall, Inc. immediately after
completion of the transaction. 

The presentation of the consolidated statements
of stockholders  deficit reflects the historical stockholders  deficit of PCS Link through July 23, 2014. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Greenwood Hall, PCS Link, and University Financial Aid Solutions, LLC ( UFAS ), collectively referred
to herein as the Company, we, us, our, and Greenwood Hall. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. Through our affiliate UFAS we provided complete financial aid solutions. During 2013, UFAS ceased operations
and is presently winding down its affairs. As a result, it is presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as
discontinued operations. 

Reclassifications  

Certain numbers in the prior year have
been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. 

Going Concern  

The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (  US GAAP  ),
which contemplates the continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has an accumulated deficit and a working capital
deficit as of August 31, 2016 and has incurred a loss from operations during 2016. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has historically funded its
activities through cash generated from operations, debt financing, the issuance of equity for cash, and advances from stockholders.
During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company received approximately $905,000 in gross proceeds from financing activities. 

Management intends to become profitable
by continuing to grow its operations and customer base. If the Company is not successful in becoming profitable, it may have to
further delay or reduce expenses, or curtail operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that could result should the Company not continue as a going concern. 

39   

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures.
Management uses its historical records and knowledge of its business in making these estimates. Accordingly, actual results may
differ from these estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

For the purpose of the statement of cash
flows, the Company considers cash equivalents to include short-term, highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three
months or less. 

Research and Development  

Costs relating to designing and developing
new products are expensed in the period incurred. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company s contracts are typically
structured into two categories, (i) fixed-fee service contracts that span a period of time, often in excess of one year, and (ii)
service contracts at agreed-upon rates based on the volume of service provided. Some of the Company s service contracts are
subject to guaranteed minimum amounts of service volume. 

The Company recognizes revenue when all
of the following have occurred: persuasive evidence of an agreement with the customer exists, services have been rendered, the
selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability of the selling price is reasonably assured. For fixed-fee service contracts,
the Company recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the period of contract performance. Costs incurred under these service
contracts are expensed as incurred. 

Deferred Revenue  

Deferred revenue primarily consists of
prepayments received from customers for which the Company s revenue recognition criteria have not been met. The deferred
revenue will be recognized as revenue once the criteria for revenue recognition have been met. 

Accounts Receivable  

The Company extends credit to its customers.
An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained for estimated losses resulting from the inability of the Company s customers
to make required payments. Management specifically analyzes the age of customer balances, historical bad debt experience, customer
credit-worthiness, and changes in customer payment terms when making estimates of the collectability of the Company s trade
accounts receivable balances. If the Company determines that the financial condition of any of its customers has deteriorated,
whether due to customer specific or general economic issues, an increase in the allowance may be made. After all attempts to collect
a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off. Based on the information available, management believes the Company s
accounts receivable, net of the allowance for doubtful accounts, are collectable. 

40   

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Depreciation and amortization are being provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
The estimated useful lives used are as follows: 

Classification  
       
      Life   
 
      Equipment  
       
      5-7 Years   
 
      Computer equipment  
       
      7 Years   

Expenses for repairs and maintenance are
charged to expense as incurred, while renewals and betterments are capitalized. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes in
accordance with ASC 740-10,  Income Taxes  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for
the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method,
deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable
to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable
for the period and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Earnings (Loss) per Share  

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed
using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed
using the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. During 2016,
the Company had no instruments that could potentially dilute the number of common shares outstanding. Warrants to purchase common
stock were excluded from the computation of diluted shares during the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as their
effect is anti-dilutive. 

41   

Variable Interest Entities  

Generally, an entity is defined as a variable
interest entity (  VIE  ) under current accounting rules if it has (a) equity that is insufficient to permit the
entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (b) equity investors
that cannot make significant decisions about the entity s operations, or that do not absorb the expected losses or receive
the expected returns of the entity. When determining whether an entity that is a business qualifies as a VIE, we also consider
whether (i) we participated significantly in the design of the entity, (ii) we provided more than half of the total financial support
to the entity, and (iii) substantially all of the activities of the VIE either involve us or are conducted on our behalf. A VIE
is consolidated by its primary beneficiary, which is the party that absorbs or receives a majority of the entity s expected
losses or expected residual returns. 

University Financial Aid Services, LLC
was 60% owned by John Hall and Zan Greenwood, who at the time held a combined 92.5% of our common stock and served as directors
of PCS Link. John Hall is the CEO of the Company and Zan Greenwood served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer through
June 2013. The equity owners of UFAS have no equity at risk, Greenwood Hall has funded UFAS  operations since it was formed
in 2010, and we have the ability to exercise control over UFAS through our two stockholders / directors. 

Based on our assessment, we have determined that UFAS is a VIE
and that we are the primary beneficiary, as defined in current accounting rules. Accordingly, we are required to consolidate the
revenues and expenses of UFAS. To date, the Company has not allocated any income or loss of UFAS to noncontrolling interests as
the noncontrolling interests never had any equity at risk. As previously discussed, UFAS ceased operations during 2013 and is presently
winding down its affairs. The Company does not anticipate having any future involvement with UFAS after it is dissolved. 

Marketing and Advertising  

Marketing and advertising costs are expensed
as incurred. Marketing and advertising amounted to $61,724 and $137,553 for the years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015,
respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

Compensation costs related to stock options and other equity
awards are determined in accordance with FASB ASC 718-10,  Compensation-Stock Compensation.  Under this method, compensation
cost is calculated based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance FASB ASC 718-10, amortized on a straight-line basis
over the awards  vesting period. Stock-based compensation was $250,031 and $190,386 for the years ended August 31, 2016,
and August 31, 2015, respectively. This expense is included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as Equity-Based
Compensation. 

Derivative Liabilities  

We account for warrants and conversion
features as either equity or liabilities based upon the characteristics and provisions of each instrument. Warrants and conversion
features classified as equity are recorded as additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and no further adjustments
to their valuation are made. Some of our warrants and conversion features were determined to be ineligible for equity classification
because of provisions that may result in an adjustment to their exercise price. Instruments classified as derivative liabilities
and other derivative financial instruments that require separate accounting as assets or liabilities are recorded on our Consolidated
Balance Sheet at their fair value on the date of issuance and are revalued on each subsequent balance sheet date until such instruments
are exercised or expire, with any changes in the fair value between reporting periods recorded as other income or expense. We estimate
the fair value of these liabilities using option pricing models that are based on the individual characteristics of the warrants
or instruments on the valuation date, as well as assumptions for expected volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. 

42   

During the years ended August 31, 2016
and August 31, 2015, the Company recognized a change in value of the derivative liability of $962,135, $112,735 respectively. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company groups financial assets and
financial liabilities measured at fair value into three levels of hierarchy in accordance with ASC 820-10,  Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosure.  Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the accompanying balance sheet are categorized based upon
the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. 

43   

Level Input:  
       
      Input Definition:   
 
      Level I  
       
      Observable quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.   

Level II  
       
      Observable quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.   

Level III  
       
      Model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques.   

For certain of our financial instruments,
including working capital instruments, the carrying amounts are approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. Our notes
payable approximate fair value based on prevailing interest rates. 

The following table summarizes fair value
measurements at August 31, 2016 and 2015 for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

August 31, 2016 

August 31, 2015 

The assumptions used in valuing derivative
instruments issued during the year ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were as follows: 

August 31, 2016 

August 31, 2015 

44   

The following is a reconciliation of the
derivative liability related to these instruments for the year ended August 31, 2016: 

The derivative liabilities are estimated
using option pricing models that are based on the individual characteristics of the warrants or instruments on the valuation date,
as well as assumptions for expected volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. Changes in the assumptions used could
have a material impact on the resulting fair value. The primary input affecting the value of our derivatives liabilities is the
Company s stock price, term and volatility. Other inputs have a comparatively insignificant effect. 

Effect of Recently Issued Accounting
Standards  

In May 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. The standard will eliminate the transaction-and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S.
GAAP and replace it with a principles-based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The revenue recognition standard is required
to be applied retrospectively, including any combination of practical expedients as allowed in the standard. We are evaluating
the impact, if any, of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to our financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet
selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (  ASU 2014-15  ).
ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide
related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period
ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15.
The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-02,    Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis .
This standard modifies existing consolidation guidance for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should
consolidate certain legal entities. ASU 2015-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning
after December 15, 2015, and requires either a retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adoption. Early adoption is
permitted. The company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this standard on its Consolidated Financial Statements,
as well as the available transition methods.  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No 2015-3,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . This update changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet.
ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt obligation to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability rather than being presented as an asset. Amortization of debt
issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Presentation
and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements . This ASU clarified guidance
in ASC 2015-03 stating that the SEC staff would not object to a company presenting debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit
arrangement on the balance sheet as a deferred asset, regardless of whether there were any outstanding borrowings at period-end.
This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015, which will require us to adopt these
provisions in the second quarter of 2016. This update will be applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each
period presented will be adjusted to reflect the effects of applying the new guidance. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842) , which supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases in  Leases (Topic 840)  and generally
requires all leases to be recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The provisions of ASU 2016-02 are to be applied using a
modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which outlines new provisions
intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for share-based payments and their presentation in the financial statements.
The standard is effective for the Company beginning December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued AS 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) , which amends certain aspects of the Board s new revenue standard, ASU 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers. The standard should be adopted concurrently with adoption of ASU 2014-09 which is effective for annual
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition
method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting .  

45   

2. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Depreciation and amortization of property
and equipment amounted to $65,555 and $63,888 for the years ended August 31, 2016 and, August 31, 2015, respectively, and is included
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

At August 31, 2016 and 2015, property and
equipment consists of the following: 

3. NOTES PAYABLE 

Opus Bank:  

On May 28, 2014, the Company entered into
a Credit Agreement and related term loan and line of credit with Opus Bank (  Opus  ). Pursuant to the terms of
the agreement, the Company issued a promissory note in the amount of $2,000,000, the proceeds of which were required to be used
to finance repayment of the amounts owed to TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP. Monthly payments of principal and interest are required
through the maturity date in May 2017. The amounts owed to Colgan Financial Group (  CFG  ) and California United
Bank (  CUB  ) are subordinated to amounts owed to Opus under the Credit Agreement and related debt facilities.
Amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all assets of the Company. 

On April 13, 2015, the Company and its
lenders executed a second amendment (  Second Amendment  ) of the Company s Credit Facilities (the   Credit
Agreement  ) with Opus ratified by CUB and CFG (collectively   Lenders  ). The Second Amendment was designed
to provide the Company with increased cash and credit availability as the Company seeks to expand and raise additional equity for
working capital purposes. Under the terms of the Second Amendment, the Lenders agreed to waive any and all covenant violations
that existed prior to the Second Amendment or that may occur through June 30, 2015. The Amendment also permitted the Company to
not make any principal and/or interest payments to the Lenders through August 1, 2015, provided there are no Events of Default
by the Company. The line of credit is for a maximum amount of $3,000,000. Payments of interest only will be due monthly with the
unpaid balance due, in full, on the maturity date in January 2016. 

As of August 31, 2016, the balance outstanding
on the term loan and line of credit amounted to $1,606,387 and $2,126,560, respectively. At August 31, 2016, amounts owed pursuant
to the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate of 8.00% per annum. 

In connection with the Credit Agreement,
the Company issued 248,011 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share, which increased to 375,000
warrants due to dilutive issuances of equity by the Company during the eight months ended August 31, 2014. The warrants are exercisable
immediately. In the event of future dilutive issuances, the number of warrants issuable shall be increased based on a specified
formula. The warrants were valued at $78,281 on the date of issuance, which was recorded as a note discount. During the year ended
August 31, 2016, the Company recognized $26,094 of amortization related to this discount, leaving a balance of $19,570 at August
31, 2016.  

As of August 31, 2016, the Company was
not in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Agreement with Opus. In connection with the Third Amendment, Waiver and Ratification
dated September 15, 2015, Opus has agreed to waive the covenant defaults through August 31, 2015 and extend the maturity date to
April 15, 2016. In December 2015, Opus agreed to cancel the 375,000 warrants in exchange for 1,200,000 warrants at an exercise
price of $1.00. 

On July 11, 2016, PCS Link, the Company, and Opus agreed to
terms to amend the Third Amendment, Waiver and Ratification Agreement (the  Fourth Amendment ), which extended the
Maturity Date to October 31, 2016. 

46   

California United Bank:  

In October 2010, the Company issued a promissory
note to California United Bank (  CUB  ) for $1,250,000 and has been amended several times since issuance. The
note was last amended in May 2013. The note bears interest at a variable rate, subject to a minimum of 7.25% per annum. The interest
rate at December 31, 2013 was 7.25%. Payments of interest are due monthly with one payment of all outstanding principal plus accrued
interest due on March 5, 2014. The note is secured by substantially all assets of the Company and is guaranteed by one former stockholders/officer,
by one stockholders/officer, a trust of one of the officers/stockholders, and UFAS. 

On May 22, 2014, the Company and CUB amended the promissory
note of $1,250,000 to extend the maturity date to the earlier of i) October 31, 2014 or ii) the completion of specified debt /
equity funding. CUB also agreed to subordinate its security interest to another lender if certain criteria were met. In December
2014, the Company entered into a Change in Terms Agreement with CUB which included an extension of the maturity date of the facility
to April 30, 2015 and an adjustment of the interest rate to five percent (5%) in excess of the Prime Rate. 

On April 13, 2015, the Company and its lenders executed a second
amendment (  Second Amendment  ) of the Company s Credit Facilities (the   Credit Agreement  )
with Opus ratified by CUB and CFG (collectively   Lenders  ). The Lenders agreed to waive any and all covenant
violations that existed prior to the Second Amendment or that may occur through June 30, 2015. The Amendment also permitted the
Company to not make any principal and/or interest payments to the Lenders through August 1, 2015, provided there are no Events
of Default by the Company and extended the maturity date of the facility to January 1, 2016. 

In Deccember 2015, the Company and CUB agreed to extend the
maturity date until April 15, 2016 in consideration of 523,587 warrants issued at exercise price of $1.00. The warrants were valued
at $23,463 and booked to interest expense during the year ended August 31, 2016. 

On July 14, 2016, CUB extended the Maturity Date of the CUB
Note to October 31, 2016. 

As of August 31, 2016, the balance remaining is $876,251. 

Colgan Financial Group, Inc.:  

In December 2014, in consideration for funds in the amount of
$500,000 received by Greenwood Hall, Inc. from Colgan Financial Group, Inc. (  CFG  ) and Robert Logan (  Logan , 
and together with CFG, the   Holder  ), the Company executed a secured convertible promissory note. The note bears
interest at 12% per year, the interest of which is payable monthly. This is a two (2) year note and is secured by substantially
all assets of the Company. This note is subordinate to the notes held by Opus and CUB. 

On April 13, 2015, the Company and its lenders executed a second
amendment (  Second Amendment  ) of the Company s Credit Facilities (the   Credit Agreement  )
with Opus ratified by CUB and CFG (collectively   Lenders  ). The Lenders agreed to waive any and all covenant
violations that existed prior to the Second Amendment or that may occur through June 30, 2015. The Amendment also permitted the
Company to not make any principal and/or interest payments to the Lenders through August 1, 2015, provided there are no Events
of Default by the Company. 

In connection with this debt, the Company
issued the right to purchase warrants upon the payment or conversion of the note principal. The conversion feature and warrants
both include provisions that call for the instrument to be converted to equity at a price equal to the lesser of i) $1.50 per share
or ii) 85% of the weighted average price per share of the Company s trading price for the ten (10) trading days prior to
conversion / exercise. As a result of this feature, the warrants and conversion feature are subject to derivative accounting pursuant
to ASC 815. Accordingly, the fair value of the warrants and conversion feature on the date of issuance was estimated using an option
pricing model and recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as a derivative liability and a note discount. The
fair value of the discount on the issuance date was estimated at approximately $295,927 and is being amortized over the term of
the note using the effective interest method. Amortization of the note discount during the year ended August 31, 2016 amounted
to approximately $155,896. 

On October 9, 2015, Colgan converted $80,000 in notes payable
for 800,000 shares and one set of warrants with the right to purchase 800,000 shares at $0.10 per share and another set of warrants
with the the right to purchase 800,000 shares at $0.125 per share. The warrants were booked to additional paid in capital of approximately
$41,000 which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt. 

On June 23, 2016, Colgan converted $35,000
in notes payable and $67,035 in accrued interest for 3,184,126 shares and one set of warrants with the right to purchase 3,184,126
shares at $0.032 per share and and another set of warrants with the right to purcashe 3,184,126 shares at $0.04 per share. Upon
conversion approximately $3,000 was booked to common stock and $204,000 to additional paid in capital which resulted in a loss
of approximately $105,000 on extinguishment of debt. Each set of warrants were booked to additional paid in capital of approximately
$142,000 and $132,000 respectively which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt. The conversion also resulted in an approximately
$412,000 decrease in derivative liablity and increase in additional paid in capital. 

The remaining principal on the note is
$400,000 and has a remaining discount of approximately $32,000. 

On July 12, 2016, CFG extended the Maturity Date of the Consolidated
CFG Note to October 31, 2016. 

47   

Redwood Fund, LP:  

On or about March 31, 2015, the Company
entered into a Convertible Note with Redwood Fund, LP (  Redwood  ) pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible
promissory note of $250,000 and the right to purchase warrants upon the payment or conversion of the note principal. The conversion
feature includes provisions that call for the instrument to be converted to equity at a price equal to (i) $1.00 if the Company s
common stock price closes above $1.00; (ii) the average of the publicly reported closing bid and ask price if the Company s
publicly reported common stock price closes between $0.50 and $0.99; or (iii) $0.50 if the Company s publicly reported common
stock price closes below $0.50. As a result of this feature, the conversion feature is subject to derivative accounting pursuant
to ASC 815. Accordingly, the fair value of the conversion feature on the date of issuance was estimated using an option pricing
model and recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as a derivative liability and a note discount. The fair value
of the conversion feature is estimated at the end of each reporting period and the change in the fair value is recorded as a non-operating
gain or loss as change in value of derivatives in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. In connection with
this note, the Company recorded an aggregate note discount of $177,647, which was amortized to interest expense during the year
ended August 31, 2016. On August 18, 2015, Redwood as part of an additional investment, elected to exercise its existing conversion
rights under its March 2015 convertible promissory note and warrant under revised terms which resulted in an issuance of 3,359,775
additional shares of Common Stock to Redwood. In connection with the revision of terms, which related to reducing the exercise
price of warrants and the conversion price of the note, the Company recognized a charge to interest expense of $2,346,461 during
the year ended August 31, 2015. 

On August 14, 2015, the Company entered
into a one-year $588,236 unsecured Convertible Note with Redwood. In conjunction with this note, the Company issued Redwood warrants
that are exercisable for 295,000 shares of the Company s common stock over the next five (5) years at an exercise price of
$1.00 per share. Redwood has an option to provide additional convertible debt to the Company in the amount of $250,000 at the same
terms. Interest will accrue monthly at 10% annually and the note is unsecured. In connection with this debt, the Company recorded
a note discount equal to $588,236 associated with the measurement of the warrants and conversion issued therewith. In addition
to this note and the Warrant, at the Closing, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock to Redwood, which were measured
at the closing price on the date of issuance. The aggregate value of the shares, warrants and conversion feature exceeded the face
value of the note. As a result, the Company recognized a charge to interest expense in the amount of $1,165,202 on the date of
issuance related to such excess value. During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company recognized approximately $564,000 of
amortization of note discount and is fully amortized as of August 31, 2016. The maturity date of this note was October 15, 2016. 

On November 6. 2015 the Company entered
into a six month $125,000 unsecured promissory note with Redwood with a $25,000 issue discount and an interest rate of 10%. As
of August 31, 2016 the discount was fully amortized. As of August 31, 2016, the balance on this note was $ 125,000. The maturity
date of this note was October 15, 2016. 

On December 14, 2015 the Company entered
into a three month $30,000 unsecured promissory note with Redwood with an interest rate of 18% and added an additional $15,000
on January 18, 2016 increasing the total note to $45,000. As of August 31, 2016 the discount was fully amortized. As of August
31, 2016, the balance on this note was $ 45,000. The maturity date of this note was October 15, 2016. 

On February 4, 2016 the Company entered
into a one year $235,294 unsecured promissory note with Redwood with an interest rare of 10% and $35,294 issue discount. As of
August 31, 2016, the Company recognized approximately $20,000 of note discount. As of August 31, 2016, the balance on this note
was $ 235,294. As of August 31, 2016, the Company recognized approximately $ 20,000 of amortization.The maturity date of this note
was October 15, 2016. 

48   

Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLP:  

In April 2015, the Company entered into an unsecured Convertible
Note with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLP (  Lincoln Park  ) pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible
promissory note of $295,000 and the right to purchase warrants upon the payment or conversion of the note principal. The conversion
feature includes provisions that call for the instrument to be converted to equity at a price equal to (i) $1.00 if the Company s
common stock price closes above $1.00; (ii) the average of the publicly reported closing bid and ask price if the Company s
publicly reported common stock price closes between $0.50 and $0.99; or (iii) $0.50 if the Company s publicly reported common
stock price closes below $0.50. As a result of this feature, the conversion feature is subject to derivative accounting pursuant
to ASC 815. Accordingly, the fair value of the conversion feature on the date of issuance was estimated using an option pricing
model and recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as a derivative liability and a note discount. The fair value
of the conversion feature is estimated at the end of each reporting period and the change in the fair value is recorded as a non-operating
gain or loss as change in value of derivatives in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. In connection with
this debt, the Company recorded a note discount equal to approximately $215,000 associated with the measurement of the warrants
and conversion feature issued therewith. During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company recognized approximately $153,000 of
amortization of note discount leaving a zero balance at August 31, 2016. 

On August 21, 2015, the Company entered into a one-year $295,000
unsecured Convertible Note with Lincoln Park. In conjunction with this note, the Company issued Lincoln Park warrants that are
exercisable for 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock over the next five (5) years at an exercise price of $1.00 per
share. Interest will accrue monthly at 10% annually and the note is unsecured. In connection with this debt, the Company recorded
a note discount equal to approximately $247,000 associated with the measurement of the warrants and conversion issued therewith.
During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company recognized approximately $243,000 of amortization of note discount or the remaining
discount balance. 

On July 15, 2016, Lincoln Park agreed to extend the maturity
date of both Lincoln Park Notes to October 31, 2016. 

As of August 31, 2016, the balance owed on the Lincoln Park
notes was $ 590,000. As of August 31, 2016, if Lincoln Park converted its debt into common stock of the Company, it would be issued
1,180,000 shares. 

FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund,
LLC  

In December 2015, the Company issued a
convertible unsecured promissory note to FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (  FirstFire  ) in the principal
amount of $275,000 (the   FirstFire Note  ) and a warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of $0.01. The FirstFire Note is convertible a price of $0.40 per share (the   Fixed Conversion Price  );
provided, however that from and after the occurrence of any Event of Default thereunder, the conversion price shall be the lower
of: (i) the Fixed Conversion Price or (ii) 75% multiplied by the lowest sales price of the Common Stock in a public market during
the twenty-one (21) consecutive Trading Day period immediately preceding the Trading Day that the Company receives a Notice of
Conversion; and provided, further, however, and notwithstanding the above calculation of the conversion price, if, prior to the
repayment or conversion of the FirstFire Note, in the event the Company consummates a registered or unregistered primary offering
of its securities for capital raising purposes (a   Primary Offering  ), FirstFire shall have the right, in its
discretion, to (x) demand repayment in full of an amount equal to any amounts outstanding under the FirstFire Note as of the closing
date of the Primary Offering or (y) convert any amounts outstanding under the FirstFire Note into Common Stock at the closing of
such Primary Offering at a conversion price equal to the lower of (A) the Fixed Conversion Price and (B) a ten percent (10%) discount
to the offering price to investors in the Primary Offering; provided, however, that from and after the occurrence of any Event
of Default thereunder, the conversion price shall equal the lower of (Y) the Fixed Conversion Price and (Z) a twenty percent (20%)
discount to the offering price to investors in the Primary Offering. The Company booked $52,320 in discounts related to the FirstFirst
Note. During the twelve months ended August 31, 2016, the Company amortized all the of note discount. 

On June 30, 2016, FirstFire agreed to extend the maturity date
of the FirstFire Note to August 28, 2016. In consideration for this extension the Company gave FirstFire the right to purchase
100,000 shares at an exercise price of $0.05, along with adding an additional $25,000 principal to the loan. This additional $25,000
discount was fully amortized as of August 31, 2016. The warrants were booked as approximately $5,000 in additional paid in capital
and charged to interest expense. 

On August 28, 2016, FirstFire agreed to extend the maturity
date from August 28, 2016 to September 26, 2016 in consideration of additional $100,000 in principal. As of August 31, 2016 aproximately
$10,000 of the $100,000 discount was amortized. FirstFire was not allowed to convert greater that $25,000 per week. 

On August 31, 2016, FirstFire converted $7,500 in debt to 500,000
shares. This resulted in a $4,000 loss on extinguishment of debt. 

As of August 31, 2016, the balance on the First Fire note was
$ 392,500. 

As of August 31, 2016, if First Fire converted its note into
shares of common stock of the Company, it would be issued 26,166,667 shares. 

49   

Colgan Financial Group, Inc.:  

During 2013, the Company entered into a
Loan and Security Agreement with CFG pursuant to which the Company issued a promissory note of $600,000. The note bears interest
at 2.5% per month, is payable in monthly installments of principal and interest through June 2014, is guaranteed by one stockholder
of the Company and an advisor to the Company and is secured by substantially all assets of the Company. This note is subordinate
to the notes held by CUB. In July 2014, a payment of $144,000 was made in connection with an equity funding. In April 2015, the
Company received an additional $200,000 in funding under this agreement. 

On April 13, 2015, the Company and its lenders executed a second
amendment (  Second Amendment  ) of the Company s Credit Facilities (the   Credit Agreement  )
with Opus ratified by CUB and CFG (collectively   Lenders  ). The Lenders agreed to waive any and all covenant
violations that existed prior to the Second Amendment or that may occur through June 30, 2015. The Amendment also permitted the
Company to not make any principal and/or interest payments to the Lenders through August 1, 2015, provided there are no Events
of Default by the Company. In connection therewith, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Loan and Security Agreement
with CFG. Pursuant to the 4 th  amendment, the Company consolidated two of the notes outstanding to CFG (the December
2013 promissory note and the $200,000 promissory note issued in February 2015). The balance of the amended note on the date of
Amendment No. 4 was $688,120. Amendment No. 4 provided CFG with the ability to convert the note, at its option, at a conversion
price equal to the lesser of (i) 85% of the weighted average price per share of the Company s common stock as reported by
the exchange or over the counter market for the ten (10) trading days prior to the date of the notice of conversion or (ii) $1.50.
The conversion feature is accounted for as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815. On the grant date, the conversion
feature was valued at approximately $188,000, which was recorded as a note discount. During the year ended August 31, 2016, amortization
of the note discount amounted to approximately $117,000. As of August 31, 2016, the balance remaining is $982,623 including accrued
interest. The note maturity was extended to April 2016 pursuant to an amendment to the note that became effective in September
2015. 

As of August 31, 2016, if CFG converted its 2013 note into shares
of common stock of the Company, it would be issued 29,560,206 shares. 

In December 2014, the Company issued to
CFG and Robert Logan a promissory note with a principal amount of $500,000 (the   2014 CFG Note  ), which bears
interest at a rate of 12% per year, payable monthly with a maturity date on the third anniversary of the issuance thereof. The
2014 CFG Note is secured by substantially all assets of the Company and is subordinate to the notes held by Opus and CUB. 

In connection with the 2014 CFG Note, the
Company granted to CFG the right to receive a warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock upon the full payment or conversion of
the principal under the 2014 CFG Note. The conversion feature and warrants both include provisions that call for the respective
instruments to be converted or exercised, as applicable, into equity at a price equal to the lesser of i) $1.50 per share or ii)
85% of the weighted average price per share of the Company s trading price for the ten (10) trading days prior to conversion
/ exercise. As a result of this feature, the warrant and conversion feature are subject to derivative accounting pursuant to ASC
815. Accordingly, the fair value of the warrant and conversion feature on the date of issuance was estimated using an option pricing
model and recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as a derivative liability and a note discount. The fair value
of the discount on the issuance date was estimated at approximately $295,927 and is being amortized over the term of the note using
the effective interest method. Amortization of the 2014 CFG Note discount during the twelve months ended August 31, 2016 amounted
to approximately $155,896. 

As of August 31, 2016, if CFG converted
the balance and accrued interest owed on the 2014 CFG Note, CFG would be issued 17,566,927 shares and two sets of warrants  
the first set excercisable for 17,566,927 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of $ 0.023/share and
the second set excercisable for 17,566,927 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of $ 0.029/share. 

In April 2015, the Company issued to CFG
a promissory note for the principal amount of $200,000 (the   2015 CFG Note  ) under the Loan and Security Agreement. 

50   

The Company also finances the purchases
of small equipment. The amount of such notes is not significant at August 31, 2016. The following is a schedule, by year, of future
minimum principal payments required under notes payable as of August 31, 2016: 

4. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

The Company is authorized to issue one
class of stock, which represents 937,500,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001. 

Common Stock  

In September 2014, the Company sold 1,000,000
units, comprised of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase common stock, at a price of $1.00 per unit, for total
proceeds of $1,000,000. The warrants have an exercise price of $1.30 per share and expire twenty-four (24) months from the date
of issuance. 

In January 2015, the Company sold 250,000
units, comprised of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase common stock, at a price of $1.00 per unit, for total
proceeds of $250,000. The Company incurred $11,555 of fees associated with this raise, which are presented net of the proceeds.
The warrants have an exercise price of $1.30 per share and expire twenty-four (24) months from the date of issuance. 

During the year ended August 31, 2015,
the Company issued 545,000 shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of warrants. This resulted in total proceeds
of $5,450. 

During the year ended August 31, 2015,
as more fully discussed in Note 3, the Company issued 200,000 shares as a debt kicker. The shares were measured at their issuance
date fair value of $170,000 and were considered in the measurement of the note discount on the date of issuance. 

The Company issued 3,064,755 common shares
associated with the conversion of debt and accrued interest totaling $306,476. In connection with the conversion of the promissory
note and accrued interest totaling $306,476, the Company offered to the holder (Redwood), as an inducement to convert, a reduction
of the conversion price of the note from $0.85 to $0.096 per share and a reduction of the exercise price of 295,000 warrants from
$0.85 to $0.01 per share. As a result, the Company assessed the incremental cost associated with these inducements, which management
estimated as approximately $2.34 million. The incremental cost associated with the inducement was expensed as interest immediately.
Redwood elected to convert the note and exercise the warrants pursuant to these new terms. 

On September 16, 2015, the Company entered into a stock purchase
agreement with Neil Rogers ( Rogers ) pursuant to which the Company issued to Rogers 500,000 shares of Common Stock
in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of $500,000. The Company agreed that payment of $190,000 of the cash consideration
is subject to the effectiveness of a registration statement for the issued shares. 

On September 16, 2015, pursuant to the termination of a registration
rights agreement between the Company, Rogers and Byrne United S.A. ( Byrne ), the Company agreed to issue 625,000 shares
of Common Stock to Rogers and 625,000 shares of Common Stock to Byrne. 

On April 18, 2016, Greenwood Hall,
Inc. s subsidiary, PCS Link, Inc. ( PCS ), entered into a confidential settlement agreement (the  F500
Settlement Agreement ) with Finance 500, Inc. ( F500 ) and Bridgewater Capital Corporation
( BCC ) related to the resolution of disputes under a consulting agreement dated August 5, 2013 (the  F500
Consulting Agreement ) between PCS, F500, and BCC. Pursuant to the the F500 Settlement Agreement and in order avoid the
continued cost and uncertainty of litigation, the Company agreed to issue a total of 750,000 shares of Common Stock to F500
and BCC, in return for (a) general release of all claims F500 and PCS may have against PCS and (b) dismissal of the lawsuit
filed by F500 and BCC against the Company and referenced in this annual report on Form 10-K. The shares were valued at
$72,675 and recorded as a charge to operating expenses on the date of issuance. 

Stock Issued for Services  

During the year ended August 31, 2016,
the Company entered into agreements with vendors for advisory and consulting services in which the vendors received shares totaling
1,410,332 which were measured based on their grant-date fair value and recognized as operating expense of $578,947. 

51   

Stock Option Plan  

In July 2014, the Board of Directors adopted, and the stockholders
approved, the 2014 Stock Option Plan under which a total of 5,000,000 shares of common stock had been reserved for issuance. The
2014 Stock Option Plan will terminate in September 2024. 

Stock Options  

As of August 31, 2016, the members of the Board of Directors
hold options to purchase 2,660,000 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from $0.01 to $0.75, which were granted prior
to August 31, 2016. 

As of August 31, 2016, employees and officers hold options to
purchase 2,325,000 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from $0.08 to $0.11. 

The fair value of the options granted during the years ended
August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 is estimated at approximately $401,440 and $210,000 respectively. The fair value of these options
was estimated at the date of grant using the Black Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions for the fiscal years
ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015: no dividends, expected volatility of 100 %, risk free interest rate range of 1.21% to
1.65%, and expected life of 5.5 years. 

The weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding
issued under the Plan was 9.03 years at August 31, 2016. The exercise prices for the options outstanding at August 31, 2016 ranged
from $0.01 to $0.75, and the information relating to these options is as follows: 

Warrants Issued for Services  

During fiscal year 2016, the Company issued
1,753,587 warrants to various creditors to further extend their payment term. The warrants are exercisable at $1.00 per share,
have a term of 5.5 years, and were 100% vested upon issuance. The Company valued these warrants at $78,580 using the Black-Scholes
model and the significant inputs to that model below. The Company recognized these warrants as an expense during the year period
ended August 31, 2016. Also during that period the Company issued to Colgan Financial based on an old Consultant agreement 150,000
warrants which were expensed at $11,436. 

During the year ended August 31, 2016,
the Company issued 250,000 warrants for services. The warrants are exercisable at $0.01 per share, have a term of 5 years, and
were 100% vested upon issuance. The Company valued these warrants at $30,349 using the Black-Scholes model and the significant
inputs to that model below. The Company recognized these warrants as an expense during the year ended August 31, 2016. There were
also another 500,000 warrants issued at $1.10 and expensed for $3,407 

In March 2015, the Company
issued an S-1 to register 5,673,980 shares of common stock. As part of this offering, the Company agreed to issue 1,387,530 shares
to Company stockholders holding warrants for the purchase of the Company s common stock. This resulted in the warrant holders
forfeiting warrants equal that could have been exercised for 4,286,450 shares of common stock of the Company. The company recognized
$693,765 of expense associated with this exchange.  

The assumptions used in valuing warrants
issued for services during the twelve months ended August 31, 2016 were as follows: 

52   

Warrants Outstanding  

The following is a summary of warrants
outstanding at August 31, 2016: 

5. CONCENTRATIONS 

Concentration of Credit Risk  

The Company maintains its cash and cash
equivalents at a financial institution which may, at times, exceed federally insured limits. Historically, the Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Major Customers  

For the year ended August 31, 2016, three
(3) customers, and three (3) specific projects with one of those specific customers, represented 35% of net revenues. For the year
ended August 31, 2015, one (1) customer and three (3) specific projects with that customer represented 32% of net revenues. A decision
by any of these customers to cease business relations with the Company may have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. As of August 31, 2016, two (2) customers represented 22% of accounts receivable
and as of August 31, 2015, three (3) customers represented 44% of accounts receivable. 

6. INCOME TAXES 

The difference between income tax expense
attributable to continuing operations and the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory
rates to pre-tax income (loss) is mainly related to an increase in the valuation allowance, partially offset by state income taxes.
Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
Deferred income tax assets are mainly related to net operating loss carryforwards. Management has chosen to take a 100% valuation
allowance against the deferred income tax asset until such time as management believes that its projections of future profits make
the realization of the deferred income tax assets more likely than not. Significant judgment is required in the evaluation of deferred
income tax benefits and differences in future results from management s estimates could result in material differences. 

A majority of the Company s deferred
tax asset is comprised of net operating loss carryforwards, offset by a 100% valuation allowance at August 31, 2016 and August
31, 2015. 

A reconciliation of the expected income
tax (benefit) from continuing operations computed using the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company s effective
income tax rate is as follows for the years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015: 

As of August 31, 2016, the Company is in
process of determining the amount of Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards (  NOL  ) available to
offset future taxable income. The Company s NOLs will begin expiring in 2032. These NOLs may be used to offset future taxable
income, to the extent the Company generates any taxable income, and thereby reduce or eliminate future federal income taxes otherwise
payable. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes limitations on a corporation s ability to utilize NOLs if it experiences
an ownership change as defined in Section 382. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the
ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50% over a three-year period. In the event that an
ownership change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of the Company s NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation
under Section 382. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years. The Company could experience an ownership change
under Section 382 as a result of events in the past in combination with events in the future. If so, the use of the Company s
NOLs, or a portion thereof, against future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382, which may result
in expiration of a portion of the NOLs before utilization. 

53   

Due to the existence of the valuation allowance,
future changes in the Company s unrecognized tax benefits will not impact its effective tax rate. Any carryforwards that
expire prior to utilization as a result of such limitations will be removed, if applicable, from deferred tax assets with a corresponding
reduction of the valuation allowance. 

The difference between income tax expense attributable to continuing
operations and the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory rates to pre-tax income
(loss) is mainly related to an increase in the valuation allowance, partially offset by state income taxes. Valuation allowances
are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Deferred income tax
assets are mainly related to net operating loss carryforwards. Management has chosen to take a 100% valuation allowance against
the deferred income tax asset until such time as management believes that its projections of future profits make the realization
of the deferred income tax assets more likely than not. Significant judgment is required in the evaluation of deferred income tax
benefits and differences in future results from management s estimates could result in material differences. 

7. COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES 

Lease Commitments 

The Company leases its operating facilities under non-cancelable
operating leases that expire through 2024. Total rent expense for the years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, amounted
to $611,002, and $562,910, respectively. The Company is responsible for certain operating expenses in connection with these leases.
There are no renewal options with any of the current leases. The following is a schedule, by year, of future minimum lease payments
required under non-cancelable operating leases as of August 31, 2016: 

Employment Agreements  

At August 31, 2016, the Company maintained
an employment agreement with an officer, the terms of which may require the payment of severance benefits upon termination. 

Legal Matters  

The Company is involved from time to time in various legal proceedings
in the normal conduct of its business. 

On January 15, 2015, Finance 500, Inc. ( F500 )
and Bridgewater Capital Corporation ( BCC ) filed suit against PCS Link alleging breach of contract. On April 18, 2016,
the Company s subsidiary, PCS Link, Inc. ( PCS Link ) entered into a confidential settlement agreement (the  F500
Settlement Agreement ) with F500 and BCC related to the resolution of disputes arising under a consulting agreement dated
August 5, 2013 (the  F500 Consulting Agreement ) between PCS Link, F500, and BCC. Pursuant to the F500 Settlement Agreement
and in order avoid the continued cost and uncertainty of litigation, the Company agreed to issue a total of 750,000 shares of Common
Stock to F500 and BCC, in return for (a) a general release of all claims F500 and BCC may have against PCS Link and (b) F500 and
BCC s dismissal of the lawsuit. The Company also agreed to pay to F500 and BCC a total $ 130,000, over a twelve-month period
commencing on June 12, 2016. 

On August 31, 2013, the Robin Hood Foundation
( Robin Hood ) filed suit against Patriot Communications, LLC ( Patriot ), a client of the Company, in
the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (Central District) alleging breach of contract and
failure to perform, including among other things an intentional tort claim, in the amount of not less than $5,000,000. On May 6,
2014, Patriot filed a cross-complaint naming PCS Link as a cross-defendant. Patriot denies the allegations set forth by Robin Hood.
On August 22, 2014, Robin Hood filed a First Amended Complaint, naming the Company and John Hall, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company ( Hall ), in his individual capacity, as defendants. The First Amended Complaint asserts claims against the
Company and Hall for fraud, fraudulent concealment, negligent misrepresentation, negligence and violation of Business   Professions
Code section 17200. The First Amended Complaint also alleges a cause of action for breach of contract solely against the Company.
In October 2015, Hall, in his individual capacity, was dismissed from the litigation as a defendant upon a successful motion to
dismiss him. On July 5, 2016, PCS Link entered into a confidential settlement agreement ( Robin Hood Settlement Agreement )
with the Robin Hood and Patriot regarding, among other things, the resolution of all claims associated with the lawsuit. Pursuant
to the Robin Hood Settlement Agreement, (i) Robin Hood received a settlement payment, of which approximately $380,000 was paid
by the Company s insurance carrier and $20,000 was paid by the Company, and (ii) Robin Hood agreed to (a) release the Company
and Hall from all claims, (b) dismiss the Action against the Company, and (c) refrain from pursuing an appeal of Hall s dismissal
from the action by the Superior Court. The action also included a cross-complaint filed by Patriot against PCS Link. As part of
a full resolution of the action and in order to avoid the continued cost and uncertainty of litigation, PCS Link entered into a
separate confidential settlement agreement (the  Patriot Settlement Agreement ) with Patriot, pursuant to which PCS
Link agreed to enter into a new five (5) year Master Services Agreement ( MSA ) with Patriot that extended the existing
service relationship between the Company and Patriot, providing for certain preferential pricing and terms to Patriot and requiring
PCS Link to provide services to Patriot through October of 2021. In return, Patriot agreed to (i) release all claims against PCS
Link and (ii) dismiss its counter-complaint against PCS Link. 

On March 11, 2016, StoryCorp Consulting,
Inc. and David R. Wells filed suit against the Company and the John R. Hall, in his individual capacity, in the Superior Court
of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (Central District) for breach of contract and promissory fraud/false promise,
among other things, seeking an amount of not less than $ 100,000. The Company believes that it has a strong defenses and is vigorously
defending against this lawsuit, but the potential range of loss related to this matter cannot be determined, as the pleadings are
still not resolved, and will not be resolved until 2017, at the earliest. No trial date has been set. If we fail in defending any
such claims or settling those claims, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, the outcome of this matter
could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

54   

8. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

During 2013, we ceased operations in our affiliated company,
UFAS. The operations of UFAS are now presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
UFAS was inactive during the periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The following events occurred after August 31, 2016, through
November 29, 2016. 

On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into a Loan and Security
Agreement ( Loan Agreement ) with PCS Link, Inc., a California corporation and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary
( PCS ), and Moriah Education Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Moriah ), pursuant
to which Moriah granted a loan to PCS in exchange for a promissory note in the principal amount of $3,500,000 ( Moriah Loan ).
The Company also entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement (the  Stock Pledge Agreement ) with Moriah, pursuant to which
the Company pledged 1,007,920 shares of common stock of PCS held by the Company, representing 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of PCS, and (ii) John R. Hall, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Chief Executive Officer
of PCS, executed a personal guaranty (the  Personal Guaranty ), to secure PCS  obligations under the Loan Agreement.
In connection with the Loan Agreement, on October 14, 2016, the Company and Moriah entered into a Securities Issuance Agreement
pursuant to which the Company issued a five-year warrant to purchase 8,125,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a
price of $0.14 per share and a seven-year warrant to purchase 3,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of
$0.12 per share. The warrants were issued in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. On October 14, 2016, in
consideration for the Personal Guaranty, the Company issued to John Hall, its Chief Executive Officer, a five-year warrant to purchase
up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company at a price of $0.10 per share. The warrants were issued in reliance on Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

In connection with the Moriah Loan,
the Company entered into a Note Purchase and Restructuring Agreement, dated September 30, 2016, with Redwood Fund LP ( Redwood ),
pursuant to which Redwood agreed to (i) forgive all amounts owed to Redwood under that certain convertible promissory note issued
on November 6, 2015 with a principal amount of $125,000 and all amounts owed to Redwood under that certain convertible promissory
note issued on December 14, 2015 with a principal amount of $30,000, (ii) consolidate all other indebtedness owed by the Company
to Redwood in exchange for $300,000 (the  Additional Funding ), and (iii) accept from the Company a promissory note
( September 2016 Promissory Note ) in the principal amount of $1,418,497, representing such consolidated indebtedness
and Additional Funding at an original issue discount of 15%. The September 2016 Promissory Note shall be due and payable on the
first anniversary thereof. In further connection with the Moriah Loan, the Company, Moriah and Redwood entered into a Subordination
Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, pursuant to which Redwood agreed to subordinate all indebtedness owed thereto so long as any
obligations of the Company owed to Moriah under the Loan Agreement remain outstanding; provided, however, that the Company may
continue to make regular payments of interest under the September 2016 Promissory Note. 

In connection with the Moriah Loan,
the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ( Lincoln Park ),
pursuant to which the Company authorized the issuance to Lincoln Park new notes (the  September 2016 Lincoln Park Notes )
and warrants with a principal amount of $685,000 in exchange for the cancellation of any and all obligations under notes and warrants
issued by the Company to Lincoln Park pursuant to note purchase agreements dated April 24, 2015 and August 21, 2015. In further
connection with the Moriah Loan, the Company, Moriah and Lincoln Park entered into a Subordination Agreement, dated October 14,
2016, pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to subordinate all indebtedness owed thereto so long as any obligations of the Company
owed to Moriah under the Loan Agreement remain outstanding; provided, however, that the Company may continue to make regular payments
of interest under the September 2016 Lincoln Park Notes. 

On October 14, 2016, in connection
with the Moriah Loan, the Company amended and restated that certain secured promissory note, dated December 23, 2013 (as amended,
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise, modified, the  2013 Colgan Note ) (the  2013 Colgan Amended
Note ), in a principal amount equal to $840,892.80, representing the outstanding balance of the 2013 Colgan Note, less $150,000
paid by the Company to Colgan Financial Group, Inc. ( CFG ) and Robert Logan (together with CFG, the  Colgan
Investor ). On the effective date of the 2013 Colgan Amended Note, in connection with the Moriah Loan, the Company amended
and restated that certain secured convertible promissory note, dated December 5, 2014 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the  2014 Colgan Note ) (the  2014 Colgan Amended Note ), to extend the exercise
period of any stock purchase warrants issued to the Investor in connection with the 2014 Colgan Note to five years following the
issuance of the 2014 Colgan Amended Note in a principal amount equal to $400,000. In further connection with the Moriah Loan, the
Company, Moriah and CFG entered into a Subordination Agreement, dated October 14, 2016, pursuant to which CFG agreed to subordinate
all indebtedness owed thereto so long as any obligations of the Company owed to Moriah under the Loan Agreement remain outstanding;
provided, however, that the Company may continue to make regular payments of interest under the 2013 Colgan Amended Note and 2014
Colgan Amended Note. 

On October 14, 2016, in connection with the Moriah Loan, the
Company entered into certain payoff and settlement agreements ( Payoff Agreements ) with Opus Bank ( Opus )
and California United Bank ( CUB ). In accordance with the Payoff Agreements, the Company (a) issued to Opus a five
(5) year warrant for the purchase of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of $ 0.10 per
share, and (b) amended the exercise price of a warrant issued to CUB on December 14, 2015 for the purchase of 523,587 shares of
the Company s common stock from $ 1.00 per share to $ 0.10 per share. 

The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the aforementioned
subsequent events will have on its financial position and results of operation. 

55   

ITEM 10. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

None. 

ITEM 10A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

This annual report does not include a report of management s
assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company s registered public
accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies. 

ITEM 10B. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 11. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

Our directors hold office until the next
annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified or until their death, resignation or removal.
Our board of directors is to elect annually our officers at its first board meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders
or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be possible. Our officers hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified,
or until their death, resignation or removal. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company s
directors and executive officers as of November 29, 2016: 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position   

John Hall  
       
      41  
       
      Chief Executive Officer  

Chairman of the Board   
 Secretary and Treasurer  

Tina J. Gentile  
       
      46  
       
      Former Interim Chief Financial Officer  

Frederic T. Boyer  
       
      72  
       
      Former Director  

Lyle M. Green  
       
      45  
       
      Director  

Jonathan Newcomb  
       
      70  
       
      Director  

Mike Sims  
       
      70  
       
      Former Director  

Matt Toledo  
       
      53  
       
      Former Director  

56   

John Hall, Ed. D., Chief Executive Officer,
Chairman of the Board, Secretary and Treasurer  

Dr. John Hall was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Secretary,
Treasurer and member of the Board of Directors as of July 24, 2014. 

In 1998, Dr. Hall co-founded PCS Link.
PCS Link has become a market leader in supporting universities throughout the United States in all areas of the student life cycle
including recruitment, student experience, retention, learning outcomes, and financial aid advising. Dr. Hall is a sought-after
leader in the education management space. He possesses an unparalleled knowledge of the marketplace coupled with an ability to
innovate, extensive industry relationships, and a substantial educational background. Dr. Hall is also a respected business leader,
successfully incubating and spinning off other well-known educational, high value companies, including enCircle Media, Inc. (now
US Interactive Media), which Mr. Hall founded and served as a member of the board of directors from March 2007 through December
2010. 

Dr. Hall is a trusted advisor to university
presidents across the country in the areas of sustainability, the future of higher education, enrollment management, new markets,
overcoming institutional resistance to change, and school turnarounds. He has also been a distinguished speaker for groups, including
the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, United States Distance Learning Association, and The Education Alliance. Industry
financial analysts, as well as leading authors who write about the higher education marketplace, have also relied upon Dr. Hall s
unique knowledge of the space. Further, Dr. Hall has published work in the area of higher education oversight as it relates to
accreditation, federal, and market regulation. 

Dr. Hall has served as PCS Link s
CEO since February 1998. In his role, Dr. Hall oversees the vision and strategic direction of the Company, provides thought leadership
as it relates to higher education and the PCS Link s opportunities in the education space, plays a prominent role in business
development, has overseen the restructuring of the Company, and oversees investor relations. Dr. Hall was also a founder and board
member of encircle Media, Inc. from March 2007 through December 2010. 

Education is not only a profession for
Dr. Hall, but also a lifelong passion. He has served on the Board of Trustees of Roosevelt University in Chicago since June 2011
and has mentored college-ready high school students at the Roybal Education Center in Downtown Los Angeles. Dr. Hall, a dedicated
lifelong learner holds a B.A. in Political Science, an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University, and a Doctorate of Education from the
University of Southern California. 

Given Dr. Hall s history of building
and growing PCS Link, his extensive experience and well known reputation in the educational industry, the Company feels that Dr.
Hall is well qualified to serve as chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, treasurer and secretary of the
Company. 

57   

Tina J. Gentile, Former Interim Chief
Financial Officer  

Ms. Gentile served as Interim Chief Financial
Officer from October 2014 until December 21, 2015 and had more than 17 years of experience in senior financial management and strategic
advisory roles working with companies ranging from start-ups to mid to large size private and public companies. She had hands on
experience in implementing strategic initiatives involving financial and operational management, business development, mergers
and acquisitions, restructuring and capital markets issues. 

At Greenwood Hall, Ms. Gentilewas responsible
for overseeing the company s financial and accounting functions, investor relations, and legal compliance programs. Prior
to joining Greenwood Hall, Ms. Gentile served as vice president of business development   program services for State National
Insurance Companies. Earlier, she served as CFO of Univessence Digital Studios, a multinational company producing and distributing
multimedia products, where she was involved in equity raising and M A activities. Ms. Gentile also previously served as a senior
financial advisory consultant with PricewaterhouseCoopers, Goldman Sachs and Insieme Consulting, specializing in credit, corporate
planning, equity, restructuring and debt finance issues. 

Ms. Gentile is a graduate of Claremont
McKenna College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in government. In addition, she earned an MBA degree in finance and accounting from
the Anderson School of Business at University of California Los Angeles. The Company believes that Ms. Gentile s extensive
experience in executive leadership positions, her numerous roles in finance and strategy and her experience as a senior level executive
in high growth companies made her well qualified to be a member of the Company s management team. 

58   

Frederic T. Boyer, Former Director  

Frederic T. Boyer served as a director
of the Company from November 1, 2015 until November 22, 2016. Mr. Boyer is a seasoned strategic and operational chief financial
officer and independent director with diversified domestic and international experience in building value for privately held and
publicly-traded companies in growth and turnaround situations. Mr. Boyer brought to Greenwood Hall diversified industry experience
in high technology, entertainment, telecommunications, manufacturing, software, consumer products, publishing, data and digital
storage, power electronics, networking and fiber optics. In his leadership roles, he has raised more than $200 million in capital
through public offerings, private equity, bank, lease and strategic partner financings. Mr. Boyer currently serves on the board
of directors and as treasurer and chairman of the finance and audit committee of C5 Youth Foundation of Southern California, a
five-year youth leadership development program for high-potential, at-risk youth. Most recently, Mr. Boyer was chief financial
officer of enterprise software provider Condusiv Technologies Corporation from 2013 to 2014. From 2011 to 2012 he was CFO of Spanish
language radio and television broadcaster Liberman Broadcasting, Inc. Earlier, he worked with Data Direct Networks to direct the
company s financial turnaround, serving as CFO from 2009 to 2011. Prior to that, he was CFO and corporate secretary of Nasdaq-listed
Optical Communications Products, Inc. from 2006 until the company s premium priced acquisition by Oplink in 2008. From 2002
to 2006 Mr. Boyer was CFO of Nasdaq-listed Qualstar Corporation, a manufacturer of automated electronic data storage solutions
and power supplies, and earlier, he was CFO and corporate secretary of Nasdaq-listed Accelerated Networks, Inc., joining the company
in its pre-revenue and pre-IPO beginning through its successful merger with Occam Networks in 2001. Earlier in his career, Mr.
Boyer held progressive financial and operational positions with Software Dynamics, Incorporated (sold to SI Corp.); ADC Telecommunications,
Inc.; CBS, Inc.; Raytheon Company; and Beatrice Foods. Various positions held were chief financial officer, vice president of finance
and administration, and controller. Mr. Boyer s professional affiliations include active membership in Financial Executives
International and National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD), and previous independent board positions with GF Acquisition
Corporation and WISE   Healthy Aging. Mr. Boyer is a certified Director of UCLA s Public Company Training and Certification
Program. Mr. Boyer holds an MBA from Loyola Marymount University and BS degrees from California State University Los Angeles and
California State Polytechnic University. The Company believes that Mr. Boyer s experience in finance and accounting made
him well qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors.   

Lyle M. Green, Director  

Mr. Green was appointed to the Board of
Directors on August 1, 2016 and has held executive management positions within the telecommunications and direct marketing industry
since 1994. Mr. Green has been a partner at MarkeTouch Media since 2002 and currently serves as their Vice President of Sales/Marketing.
Mr. Green oversees the sales marketing, clinical and account management departments at MarkeTouch Media and during his tenure,
MarkeTouch has achieve double digit growth in sales growth year over year. Prior to joining MarkeTouch, Mr. Green held executive
sales   marketing positions at Patriot Communications, Vista Telecom and WorldxChange. Mr. Green holds a Bachelor of Arts in
communications from the University of Cincinnati. 

The Company believes that Mr. Green s
experience in telecommunications and direct marketing makes him well qualified to be a member of the Company s board of directors. 

Jonathan Newcomb, Director  

Mr. Newcomb was appointed to the Board
of Directors on December 1, 2014 and has more than 40 years of leadership experience in the financial, education and publishing
industries. Mr. Newcomb is managing director at Berenson   Company, LLC, a New York-based advisory and investment firm. Previously
he served as Chief Executive Officer of Cambium Learning, an education services company that was sold to private equity firm Veronis
Suhler in 2008. From 1994 to 2002, Mr. Newcomb was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Simon   Schuster, which was at that
time the largest education, reference, professional and trade publisher in the U.S. Mr. Newcomb previously served as President
and Chief Operating Officer of Simon   Shuster, and as President of McGraw-Hill s Financial and Economic Information
Group, which included the busses of Standard   Poor s and Data Resources Inc. Newcomb began his career with the Dun  
Bradstreet Corporation. 

Newcomb currently serves on the boards
of directors of United Business Media, Journal Communications and LearningExpress, LLC. Mr. Newcomb is a past member of the board
of trustees of Dartmouth College, and also currently serves on the boards of the Columbia University School of Business and New
School University in New York City. Mr. Newcomb holds a Bachelor s Degree in economics from Dartmouth College and an MBA
in finance from Columbia Graduate School of Business. 

The Company believes that his extensive
hands-on leadership and direct industry experience at top educational publishing firms make Mr. Newcomb a valuable member of the
Company s board of directors. 

59   

Mike Sims, Former Director  

Mike Sims served as a director of the Company
from August 1, 2016 until November 1, 2016. Mr. Sims has held senior executive management positions in industries as diverse as
commercial banking, publishing, graduate business education and high profile business federations. 

Mr. Sims has served as Executive Officer,
Corporate   External Relations for the Graziadio School of Business and Management at Pepperdine University from 2001 to 2014.
During that time he has been responsible for market strategy, communications, public relations, MBA recruitment, alumni relations,
career support services, advancement (fundraising), the Graziadio School Board of Visitors, Dean s Executive Leadership Series,
the Annual Los Angeles Economic Forecast, Senior Fellows in Entrepreneurship, the 15X Project (Early X Foundation) and aiding in
the development of the national Private Capital Markets Project. Prior to joining Pepperdine University, Mr. Sims was a member
of the senior management team at Imperial Bank serving as the Senior Vice President in charge of marketing for the $8 billion commercial
bank that merged with Comerica in 2000. Mr. Sims also co-founded and co-owned Siena Publishing Inc., a boutique publishing, marketing
and sales company from 1992 to 2014. Additionally, he serves as co-founder, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of
the Early X Foundation, an Intellectual Property monetization and education organization. 

Mr. Sims has served as the chief paid executive
for the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, which included his leadership and management of the campaign to rebuild the Hollywood Sign,
expand the development and promotion of the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the Hollywood Christmas Parade TV for syndication nationally.
Mr. Sims has previously served as the chief paid executive for the Beverly Hills Chamber of Commerce   Visitors Bureau, the
Rodeo Drive Merchants Association and written a weekly business column for the Beverly Hills Post newspaper. 

Mr. Sims has served as a member of several
boards of directors. He has served as Chairman of the Board of Ramona s Mexican Food Company, and as a director on the Hollywood
Revitalization Committee, the Burbank/Hollywood/Glendale Airport Advisory Committee, Pan American Bank, and the SoCal Tech Group.
He is former Chairman of the National Veterans Association and is also a founder and board director of Champion Technology Company,
Inc. a big data analytical software company. 

Mr. Sims has a Bachelor of Science Degree
in Business Administration from the University of Nebraska. 

The Company believes that Mr. Sims 
extensive experience in executive leadership positions, his extensive involvement in higher education and his experience as a director
of several successful companies made him well qualified to be a member of the Company s board of directors. 

Matt Toledo, Former Director  

Matt Toledo served as a director of the
Company from December 1, 2014 until November 1, 2016. Mr. Toledo is Publisher and CEO of the Los Angeles Business Journal, the
largest regional business media company in California. In this capacity, he oversees all operations of the media company including
editorial, events, advertising and audience development. He is also Group Publisher of California Business Journals; which owns
and operates the Orange County Business Journal, San Diego Business Journal, and the San Fernando Valley Business Journal. The
Business Journal enjoys a loyal following by the region s most dynamic entrepreneurs, corporate leaders, politicians, and
philanthropists. 

Under Mr. Toledo s direction, the
Los Angeles Business Journal has been recognized as the best regional business journal in the country for its compelling coverage
and quality journalism. In addition to leading the Business Journal for the past 20 years, Mr. Toledo is a passionate civic leader;
serving on numerous boards as a director and advisor. Mr. Toledo has served as a member of several boards of directors. He has
served as Chairman of Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation and the Alliance of Area Business Publications. He has
served as a director for United Way of Greater LA, Junior Achievement and the Los Angeles Police Foundation. He is a former member
of the Board of Visitors of Pepperdine University s George L. Graziadio School of Business and Management. The Company believes
that Mr. Toledo s extensive experience in executive leadership positions, his extensive involvement in publishing and his
experience as a director of several successful companies made him well qualified to be a member of the Company s board of
directors. 

Board of Directors and Corporate Governance  

Our board of directors currently consists
of three (3) members. As of the filing date, John Hall, Lyle M. Green and Jonathan Newcomb, serve as directors of the Company. 

60   

Board Independence and Committees  

We are not currently listed on the Nasdaq
Stock Market. In evaluating the independence of our members and the composition of the committees of our board of directors, our
Board utilizes the definition of  independence  as that term is defined by applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq
Stock Market and SEC rules, including the rules relating to the independence standards of an audit committee and the non-employee
director definition of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

Our board of directors expects to continue
to evaluate its independence standards and whether and to what extent the composition of the Board and its committees meets those
standards. We ultimately intend to appoint such persons to our Board and committees of our Board as are expected to be required
to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by a national securities exchange. Therefore, we intend that a majority of
our directors will be independent directors of which at least one director will qualify as an  audit committee financial
expert,  within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, as promulgated by the SEC. 

Additionally, our board of directors is
expected to appoint an audit committee, governance committee and compensation committee and to adopt charters relative to each
such committee. 

Legal Proceedings  

To the best of our knowledge, except as
described in Item 3 of this Annual Report, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years, been involved
in any legal proceedings described in subparagraph (f) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 

Code of Ethics  

We have not adopted a formal code of ethics
within the meaning of Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, that applies to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and that
that establishes, among other things, procedures for handling actual or apparent conflicts of interest. Our board of directors
intends to adopt such a formal code of ethics when it deems appropriate based on the size of our operations and personnel. 

Indemnification Agreements  

The Company has entered into separate indemnification
agreements, substantially in the form of Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2014, consistent with
Nevada law and the form approved by our board of directors with each of our current directors and executive officers. We also contemplate
entering into such indemnification agreements with directors and certain executive officers that may be elected or appointed in
the future, as the case may be. The information set forth under the heading  Indemnification Agreements  in Item 1.01
of the July 29, 2014 Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

Summary Compensation Table for Greenwood
Hall  

The following table summarizes the compensation
that Greenwood Hall (through its wholly owned subsidiary PCS Link) paid to its named executive officers during its fiscal years
ending August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

61   

Summary Compensation Table for Greenwood Hall  

(1) Tina Gentile served as the Company s
Interim Chief Financial Officer from October 2014 until December 21, 2015. 

 (2) Brett Johnson served as the Company s
President from April 2013 until April 2015. 

 (3) Bill Bradfield was appointed as the
Company s Executive Vive President, Business Development as of October 2015. 

 (4) Shane Cobb was appointed as the Company s
Vice President, Talent Management as of October 2014. 

Narrative for Compensation Summary  

Company  

There are no understandings or agreements
regarding compensation that our management will receive that is required to be included in this table, or otherwise. In addition,
the Company has no option plans, pension or profit sharing plans for the benefit our officers or directors. 

PCS Link  

The Company s now wholly owned subsidiary,
PCS Link, provided no other compensation to its named executive offers or directors during its fiscal years ending August 31, 2016
and 2015, other than the base salary and other compensation information set forth in the chart above. Amounts designated in the
column labeled  All Other Compensation  are for car allowances, home office allowances and health insurance. 

62   

Changes in Executive Compensation  

Immediately following the Merger, our Company s
board of directors approved a compensation program for our named executive officers. Consistent with the size and nature of our
Company, our executive compensation program is simple, consisting of a base salary, an annual performance-based cash award and
an annual long-term equity award under our 2014 Stock Option Plan. 

Base Salary:  The Company s base salaries are designed as a means to provide a fixed
level of compensation in order to attract and retain talent. The base salaries of our named executive officers depend on their
job responsibilities, the market rate of compensation paid by companies in our industry for similar positions, our financial position
and the strength of our business.   

Performance-Based Cash Awards:  As part of the Company s executive compensation program,
the board intends to establish an annual performance-based cash award program for our executive officers and other key employees
based upon individual performance and the Company s performance. The award program will also be designed to reinforce the
Company s goals and then current strategic initiatives. The annual performance-based cash awards will be based on the achievement
of Company and individual performance metrics established at the beginning of each fiscal year by the compensation committee and
our board of directors. Following the end of each fiscal year, the compensation committee will be responsible for determining the
bonus amount payable to the executive officer based on the achievement of the Company s performance and the individual performance
metrics established for such executive.   

Long-Term Equity Awards:  Our board of directors believes that equity ownership by our executive
officers and key employees encourages them to create long-term value and aligns their interest with those of our stockholders.
We intend to grant annual equity awards to our executive officers under our 2014 Stock Option Plan. Our board of directors adopted
and approved the following 2014 Stock Option Plan and intends to submit it for approval by our stockholders.   

2014 Stock Option Plan:  5,000,000 shares of our common stock were initially authorized and
reserved for issuance under our 2014 Stock Plan as option awards. This reserve automatically increased on January 1, 2015 and will
increase on each subsequent anniversary through January 1, 2024 by an amount equal to the smaller of 5% of the number of shares
of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or an amount determined by our board of directors.
Appropriate adjustments will be made in the number of authorized shares and other numerical limits in our 2014 Stock Option Plan
and in outstanding awards to prevent dilution or enlargement of participants  rights in the event of a stock split or other
change in our capital structure. Shares subject to awards granted under our 2014 Stock Option Plan which expire, are repurchased
or are cancelled or forfeited will again become available for issuance under our 2014 Stock Option Plan. The shares available will
not be reduced by awards settled in cash. Shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations will not again become available
for grant. The gross number of shares issued upon the exercise of stock appreciation rights or options exercised by means of a
net exercise or by tender of previously owned shares will be deducted from the shares available under our 2014 Stock Option Plan.   

63   

Awards may be granted under our 2014 Stock
Option Plan to our employees, including officers, director or consultants, and our present or future affiliated entities. While
we may grant incentive stock options only to employees, we may grant non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock purchase rights or bonuses, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and cash-based awards or other
stock based awards to any eligible participant. 

The 2014 Stock Option Plan is administered
by our board of directors and, upon its formation, will be administered by our compensation committee. Subject to the provisions
of our 2014 Stock Option Plan, the compensation committee determines, in its discretion, the persons to whom, and the times at
which, awards are granted, as well as the size, terms and conditions of each award. All awards are evidenced by a written agreement
between us and the holder of the award. The compensation committee has the authority to construe and interpret the terms of our
2014 Stock Option Plan and awards granted under our 2014 Stock Option Plan. 

Our board of directors approved the following
compensation for our named officers: 

John Hall, Ed. D., Chairman of the Board of Directors, CEO,
Secretary and Treasurer:  

Base Salary:  Dr. Hall s base salary will be $325,000. 

Bonus:  Dr.
Hall shall receive a minimum bonus of $75,000 in 2014 and is eligible for an additional bonus amount based upon the Company s
performance and the Company s adjusted EBITDA. If the adjusted EBITDA of the Company is in excess of 10% of the Company s
gross revenues, the total annual cash bonus awarded to Dr. Hall shall be no less than 1% of the Company s gross revenues
but not less than $ 75,000 for any calendar year. In the event that the adjusted EBITDA of the Company is in excess of 20% of the
Company s gross revenues, the total annual cash bonus awarded to Dr. Hall shall be no less than 2% of the Company s
gross revenues but no less than $ 100,000 for any calendar year. Any cash bonuses in excess of the above shall be payable subject
to the reasonable discretion of the board of directors. Dr. Hall waived any bonus he was eligible to receive for calendar years
2014 and 2015. Dr. Hall has not waived any bonus he may be eligible for calendar year 2016. 

Stock Options:  Dr. Hall shall receive
minimum stock options equal to or greater than 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock each calendar year. In the event
that the adjusted EBITDA of the Company, in a calendar year, is in excess of 15% of the Company s gross revenues, stock options
awarded to Dr. Hall shall be no less than stock options equal to or greater than 750,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
In the event that the adjusted EBITDA of the Company, in a calendar year, is in excess of 20% of the Company s gross revenues,
stock options awarded to Dr. Hall shall be no less than stock options equal to or greater than 1,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. Any additional stock options award to Dr. Hall in excess of the above shall be at the discretion of the board of
directors. As of November 29, 2016, Dr. Hall has not been issued stock options for 2014 or 2015, associated with his Employment
Agreement. Dr. Hall has not waived stock options he may be eligible for calendar year 2016. 

The board of directors believes that Dr.
Hall s compensation is in line with the Company s goal of rapidly increasing its profitability and helps to ensure
that Dr. Hall s interests are aligned with those of the Company s stockholders. The board of directors also believes
that the compensation awarded to Dr. Hall provides appropriate incentives and provides for rewards appropriate for the level of
difficulty in achieving the applicable metrics. 

64   

Compensation Committee  

The Company intends to establish a compensation
committee which may be comprised of independent directors and the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The compensation
committee will have the responsibility for evaluating and authorizing the compensation payable to our executive officers, including
our named executive officers. The board of directors may also hire a compensation consultant to advise the compensation committee
on how to best compensate our executive officers and directors. Generally, a compensation consultant would provide us with competitive
market data and analysis regarding the compensation elements proposed to be offered to our Company s executive officers and
directors, including base salary, cash incentives and equity incentives. The compensation committee will also take into account
the votes of the Company s stockholders with respect to the compensation for our executive officers, including our named
executive officers. 

Employment Agreements  

The Company has entered into an employment
agreement with John Hall as described below: 

John Hall, Ed. D.:  Immediately following
the Merger, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Hall (the  Hall Employment Agreement ), pursuant
to which Dr. Hall will serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board for a five-year period through
May 31, 2019. Dr. Hall has the option to renew the Hall Employment Agreement for a second five-year term by providing the Company
with notice of intention to exercise such option at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the initial five-year term. If Dr.
Hall chooses to renew the Hall Employment Agreement for a second five-year term, he shall have the option to again renew the agreement
for a third five-year term at the end of the second term. Dr. Hall s base salary shall increase by no less than 10% per year
and he shall receive a minimum of that portion of $75,000 prorated over the number of completed months of service during the last
calendar year of his service to the Company. Please see our discussion of Changes in Executive Compensation for further information
regarding Dr. Hall s compensation pursuant to the Hall Employment Agreement. Please see our discussion of Potential Payments
Upon Termination or Change in Control for information regarding any termination payments that may become due to Dr. Hall pursuant
to his employment agreement with the Company. 

If the Company terminates Dr. Hall s
employment, other than for Cause, as defined in the Hall Employment Agreement, or if Dr. Hall terminates his employment due to
a breach of the Hall Employment Agreement by the Company, or if Dr. Hall terminates the Hall Employment Agreement for Good Reason,
as defined therein, the Company shall immediately pay to Dr. Hall in one lump sum all salary, unpaid vacation, outstanding reimbursements
for business expenses, bonuses and stock options otherwise payable to Dr. Hall pursuant to the Hall Employment Agreement, discounted
to present value at the rate of eight percent (8%) per annum. In addition, all stock options owed to Dr. Hall shall be exercisable
by Dr. Hall immediately or at any other time or times on or before the termination of the option as to any share or shares subject
to such option for which the option has not yet been exercised. In no event shall the amount paid by the Company to Dr. Hall under
in connection with the aforementioned termination be less than $1,250,000, which shall be payable immediately upon Dr. Hall s
termination. 

65   

Grants of Plan-Based Awards  

The Company did not grant any equity awards
to our named executive officers during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year End  

The Company had no outstanding equity awards
owed to our named executive officers that were outstanding as of the end of our fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31,
2015. 

Director Compensation  

Lyle M. Green:  Mr. Green shall
serve as a director of the Company for a one-year term or until his successor is duly appointed. Mr. Green shall receive
compensation of $1,000 per in-person meeting during his tenure as a board member. In addition, Mr. Green shall receive stock
options equal to 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock, exercisable no sooner than two years after issuance, at
the end of every year of service as a board member for the Company. 

Jonathan Newcomb:  Mr. Newcomb shall
serve as a director of the Company for a one-year term or until his successor is duly appointed. Mr. Newcomb shall receive stock
options equal to 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock, exercisable no sooner than two years after issuance, at the
end of every year of service as a board member for the Company. 

66   

Mike Sims:  Mr. Sims served as
a director of the Company for a one-year term. Mr. Sims received compensation of $1,000 per in-person meeting during his
tenure as a board member. In addition, Mr. Sims received stock options equal to 180,000 shares of the Company s common
stock, exercisable no sooner than two years after issuance, at the end of his year of service as a board member for the
Company. 

Matt Toledo:  Mr. Toledo
served as a director of the Company for a one-year term. Mr. Toledo received compensation of $1,000 per in-person meeting
during his tenure as a board member. In addition, Mr. Toledo received stock options equal to 150,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, exercisable no sooner than two years after issuance, at the end of his year of service as a
board member for the Company. 

Frederic Boyer:  Mr. Boyer served
as a director of the Company for a one-year term. Mr. Boyer received stock options equal to 250,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, exercisable no sooner than two years after issuance, at the end of his year of service as a board member for the
Company. 

The Company s board of directors
is not entitled to any retirement, pension, profit sharing or other benefit plans. Further, the Company s board of directors
is not entitled to any payments, stock options or any other benefit or payment upon their resignation, retirement or termination
as a board member or a change control of the Company. 

ITEM 13. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The following table sets forth certain
information as of November 29, 2016 based on 58,741,683 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of such date, regarding
(i) each person known by Greenwood Hall to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii)
each director, nominee and executive officer of Greenwood Hall, and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. 

Greenwood Hall  

(1) Executive Officer and/or Director 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership reporting Compliance.  

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the   Act  ), requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially
own more than 10% of our Common Stock to file initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership
with the SEC. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such persons. 

To the Company s knowledge, no person
who, during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, was a director or officer of the Company, or beneficial owner of more than ten
percent of the Company s Common Stock (which is the only class of securities of the Company registered under Section 12 of
the Act), failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16 of the Act during such fiscal year. The foregoing is
based solely upon a review by the Company of Forms 3 and 4 relating to the most recent fiscal year as furnished to the Company
under Rule 16a-3(d) under the Act, and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company with respect to its most recent
fiscal year, and any representation received by the Company from any reporting person that no Form 5 is required. 

ITEM 14. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS  

Relationships and Related Party Transactions  

Except as disclosed below, none of the
following persons has any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction to which we are a party since our incorporation
or in any proposed transaction to which we are proposed to be a party: 

Any of our directors or officers;   

Any proposed nominee for election as our director;   

Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5% of the voting rights attached to our
Common Stock; or   

Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons, or any relative of such spouse, who lives in the same house as such
person or who is a director or officer of any parent or subsidiary of our Company.   

67   

On March 8, 2016, John Hall loaned
the Company funds of $ 45,000 and in exchange, the Company issued to John Hall a promissory note  in the principal
amount of $49,473.71, which note had an outstanding balance of $56,925.00 as of October 14, 2016. On October 14, 2016, the
Company made a one-time payment of $15,000 to Hall in exchange for (a) the full and final extinguishment of all amounts and
obligations owed to Hall under such promissory note, and (b) a general release of all claims by Hall arising therefrom or
related thereto. On October 14, 2016, in consideration for the Personal Guaranty associated with a $ 3,500,000 financing for
the Company, the Company issued to John Hall, its Chief Executive Officer, a five-year warrant to purchase up to 5,000,000
shares of common stock of the Company at a price of $0.10 per share. The warrants were issued in reliance on Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933. Copies of the Loan Agreement, the Stock Pledge Agreement and the Personal Guaranty are
filed as Exhibits 10.19, 10.20 and 10.21, respectively, hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of
Transactions with Related Persons  

Due to the small size of our Company, we
do not at this time have a formal written policy regarding the review of related party transactions, and rely on our full board
of directors to review, approve or ratify such transactions and identify and prevent conflicts of interest. Our board of directors
reviews any such transaction in light of the particular affiliation and interest of any involved director, officer or other employee
or stockholder and, if applicable, any such person s affiliates or immediate family members. Management aims to present transactions
to our board of directors for approval before they are entered into or, if that is not possible, for ratification after the transaction
has occurred. If our board of directors finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate action
or remedial action, if any. Our board of directors approves or ratifies a transaction if it determines that the transaction is
consistent with our best interests and the best interest of our stockholders. 

Director Independence  

Based upon information requested from and
provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our board of
directors has determined that Lyle M. Green and Jonathan Newcomb (the   Independent Directors  ) would qualify
as  independent  as that term is defined by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). Further, although we do not presently have
separately standing audit, governance or compensation committees of our board of directors, our board of directors has determined
that each of the independent directors would qualify as  independent  under NASDAQ Listing Rules applicable to such
board committees. John Hall would not qualify as  independent  under applicable NASDAQ Listing Rules applicable to
the board of directors generally or to separately designated board committees because he currently serves as our Chief Executive
Officer. In making such determinations, our board of directors considered the relationships that each of our nonemployee directors
has with the Company and all other facts and circumstances deemed relevant in determining independence, including the beneficial
ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

Subject to some exceptions, NASDAQ Listing
Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that a director will only qualify as an  independent director  if, in the opinion of our board
of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director, and that a director cannot be an  independent director  if (a) the director
is, or in the past three years has been, an employee of ours; (b) a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the
past three years has been, an executive officer of ours; (c) the director or a member of the director s immediate family
has received more than $120,000 per year in direct compensation from us within the preceding three years, other than for service
as a director or benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan or non-discretionary compensation (or, for a family member, as
a non-executive employee); (d) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is a current partner of our independent
public accounting firm, or has worked for such firm in any capacity on our audit at any time during the past three years; (e) the
director or a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed as an executive
officer of a company where one of our executive officers serves on the compensation committee; or (f) the director or a member
of the director s immediate family is an executive officer, partner or controlling stockholder of a company that makes payments
to, or receives payments from, us in an amount which, in any twelve-month period during our past three fiscal years, exceeds the
greater of 5% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year or $200,000 (except for payments arising solely
from investments in our securities or payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs). Additionally,
in order to be considered an independent member of an audit committee under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, a member of an audit
committee may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other committee
of the board of directors, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the applicable
company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person of the applicable company or any of its subsidiaries. 

68   

ITEM 15. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  

Set forth below is
certain information concerning fees billed to us by Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP in respect of services provided for the year
ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Audit Fees:  For the year ended August
31, 2016 and 2015, the aggregate audit fees billed by Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP were for professional services rendered for
audits and quarterly reviews of our consolidated financial statements as well as services that are normally provided by the accountant
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

Audit-Related Fees:  For the year
ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no audit-related fees billed by Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP. 

Tax Fees:  For
the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, fees billed by Rose, Snyder   Jacobs related to tax return preparation and tax planning
services. 

All Other Fees:  For the year ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no fees billed by Rose, Snyder   Jacobs for other services, other than the fees described
above. 

Policy on Board pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit
services of independent auditors  

The Board has determined that all services provided by Rose,
Snyder   Jacobs were compatible with maintaining the independence of such audit firm. The charter of the Board requires advance
approval of all auditing services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for the
company by our independent registered public accounting firm, subject to any exception permitted by law or regulation. The Board
has delegated to the Chair of the Board authority to approve permitted services, provided that the Chair reports any decisions
to the Board at its next scheduled meeting. During 2016 and 2015, the Chair of the Board, subsequently advising the Board, or the
Board itself pre-approved all audit related and the tax services provided by our independent auditors. During 2016 and 2015, no
non-permitted or non-authorized services were performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

69   

ITEM 16. EXHIBITS  

(a)  The following documents are filed as part of this report:   

(1)  The following financial statements of Greenwood Hall, Inc. are included in Item 8:   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
       
      34   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
       
      35   

Consolidated Statements of Operations   
       
      36   

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Deficit   
       
      37   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
       
     38  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
     39  

(2)  All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated
financial statements or other notes thereto.   

(3)  See the Exhibits under Item 15(b) below for all Exhibits being filed or incorporated by reference herein.   

(b)  Exhibits:   

The following exhibit
index shows those exhibits filed with this report and those incorporated herein by reference: 

70   

DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBITS  

See Exhibit Index below and the corresponding exhibits, which
are incorporated by reference herein. 

(c)  Exhibits   

Exhibit   

No.   
       
       Description     
 
      2.1  
       
      Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of July 22, 2014, by and among Greenwood Hall, Inc., Greenwood Hall Acquisition, Inc. and PCS Link, Inc. d/b/a Greenwood   Hall (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 29, 2014)   
 
      2.2  
       
      Articles of Merger with Divio Holdings, Corp and Greenwood Hall, Inc., as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State effective July 1, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 29, 2014)   

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Greenwood Hall, Inc. previously known as Divio Holdings, Corp. as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 29, 2014)   
 
      3.2  
       
      Bylaws of Greenwood Hall, Inc. (Nevada) (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 29, 2014)   
 
      10.1  
       
      Office Lease Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2015, by and between Greenwood Hall, Inc. and AX Union Hills L.P. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-Q (Q2 2015) filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015)   
 
      10.2  
       
      Second Amendment, Waiver and Ratification, dated as of April 13, 2015, by and among, PCS Link, Inc. d/b/a Greenwood   Hall, as the borrower, Greenwood Hall, Inc., as the guarantor, and Opus Bank (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-Q (Q2 2015) filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015)   
 
      10.3  
       
      Letter Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2015, by and between Opus Bank and California United Bank (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-Q (Q2 2015) filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015)   
 
      10.4  
       
      Change in Terms Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2015, by and between PCS Link, Inc. and California United Bank (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-Q (Q2 2015) filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015)   
 
      10.5  
       
      Consent, Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Secured Promissory Note, dated as of April 13, 2015, by and between Greenwood Hall, Inc. and Colgan Financial Group, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-Q (Q2 2015) filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015)   
 
      10.6  
       
      Consent, Waiver and Amendment No. 4 to Secured Promissory Note, dated as of April 13, 2015, by and among PCS Link, Inc., Greenwood Hall, Inc., and Colgan Financial Group, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-Q (Q2 2015) filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015)   
 
      10.7  
       
      Amendment Number Ten to Business Loan Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2015, by and between PCS Link, Inc., dba Greenwood   Hall, and California United Bank  (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-Q (Q2 2015) filed with the Commission on April 15, 2015)   
 
      10.8  
       
      Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Stock Option Plan+ (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 29, 2014)   
 
      10.12  
       
      Third Amendment, Waiver and Ratification, dated as of September 15, 2015, by and among, PCS Link, Inc. d/b/a Greenwood   Hall, as the borrower, Greenwood Hall, Inc., as the guarantor, and Opus Bank (Incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2016)   
 
      10.13  
       
      Change in Terms Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2015, by and between PCS Link, Inc. and California United Bank (Incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2016)   
 
      10.16  
       
      Amended and Restated Warrant dated as of December 14, 2015, issued by Greenwood Hall, Inc. to Opus Bank (Incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2016)   

71   

*  Filed herewith   

+  Designates management contracts and compensation plans.   

(c)  Financial Statement Schedules   

All financial statement
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements
or other notes hereto. 

72   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with
the requirements of Section 13 on 15(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed
on its behalf on December 6, 2016 by the undersigned thereto. 

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.   

/s/ JOHN HALL   

John Hall,   

Chief Executive Officer    

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY
THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John Hall his attorney-in-fact, each with
the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report, and to file the same, with
exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that each of said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

In accordance with
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, on December 6, 2016. 

Signature   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

/s/ John Hall  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, and Director  
       
      December 6, 2016    
 
      John Hall  
       
      (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Lyle Green  
       
      Director  
       
      December 6, 2016   
 
      Lyle Green  

/s/ Jonathan Newcomb  
       
      Director  
       
      December 6, 2016   
 
      Jonathan Newcomb  

SIGNATURE PAGE TO GREENWOOD HALL, INC. 2016 ANNUAL REPORT ON
FORM 10-K 

73   

<EX-10.19>
 2
 s104854_ex10-19.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

Exhibit 10.19  

EXECUTION 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  

by and between  

MORIAH EDUCATION MANAGEMENT LLC  

as Lender,  

and  

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.,  

and  

PCS LINK, INC.  

jointly and severally,  

as Borrower  

Dated: October __, 2016  

EXECUTION 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  

LOAN AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT , dated as of October 14, 2016, by and among  GREENWOOD HALL, INC. ,   a Nevada corporation with a principal
place of business at 12424 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1030, Los Angeles, CA 90025 (  Greenwood  ),  PCS LINK,
INC. ,   a California corporation with   a
principal place of business at 12424 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1030, Los Angeles, CA 90025  ( PCS   and, together
with Greenwood, jointly and severally,   Borrower  ), and  MORIAH EDUCATION MANAGEMENT LLC , a Delaware limited
liability company with offices at 1 University Plaza, Hackensack, NJ 07601 (together with its successors and assigns, the   Lender  ). 

RECITALS:  

WHEREAS , Borrower
desires to enter into a secured revolving loan credit facility with Lender; and 

WHEREAS , Lender
is willing to establish such credit facility on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration,
Lender and Borrower mutually covenant, warrant and agree as follows: 

SECTION
1.  DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION AND CONSTRUCTION    

Specific Terms Defined .
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the following meanings: 

1.1             Account
 Debtor       or
 account debtor    has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.2              Accounts 
 or   accounts   means    accounts  as defined in the UCC, and, in addition, any and all obligations
of any kind at any time due and/or owing to Borrower, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and all rights of Borrower to
receive payment or any other consideration including, without limitation, pursuant to invoices, contract rights, leases, accounts
receivable, general intangibles, choses-in-action, notes, drafts, acceptances, instruments and all other debts, obligations and
liabilities in whatever form owing to Borrower from any Person, including, without limitation, all of Borrower s rights to
receive payments for goods sold (whether delivered, undelivered, in transit or returned) or assets leased or services rendered,
which may be represented thereby, or with respect thereto, and all property pledged as collateral security for any of the foregoing,
and all rights as an unpaid vendor (including stoppage in transit, replevin or reclamation), and all additional amounts due from
any Account Debtor, whether or not invoiced, together with all Proceeds and products of any and all of the foregoing. 

1.3              Advance  
  has the meaning as set forth in     Section 2.1(b)
hereof. 

1.4            Affiliate  
means, with respect to any Person, (a) any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with such Person, including any Subsidiary, or (b) any other Person who is a director, manager or officer (i) of such Person,
(ii) of any Subsidiary of such Person or (iii) of any Person described in clause (a) above. For the purposes of this definition,
control of a Person means the power (direct or indirect) to direct or cause the direction of the management or the policies of
such Person, whether through the ownership of any voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

1.5             Agreement   
means this Loan and Security Agreement (including all Exhibits annexed hereto and the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule) as
originally executed or, if amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced from time to time, as so amended, modified,
supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced. 

1.6              Availability 
 means, as of any date of determination, the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base (as set forth in
the most recently delivered Borrowing Certificate), and (ii) Three Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($3,500,000.00).  

1.7            Balance
Sheet Date   means May 31, 2016.  

1.8              Borrower    
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

1.9             Borrower s
Disclosure Schedule    means the disclosure schedule prepared by Borrower that is being delivered to Lender concurrently
herewith. 

1.10          Borrower s
Premises   means the properties leased by the Borrower located at12424 Wilshire Blvd, Suite
1030, Los Angeles, CA 90025, 2504 Kent Street, Bryan, TX 77802 and 2550 West Union Hills Drive, Suite 201, Phoenix, AZ 85027.  

1.11          Borrowing
Base   shall be calculated at any time as the product of the following: (a) revenues scheduled
to be generated to Borrower within three hundred sixty five (365) days from the date of the determination of the Borrowing Base
under the terms of Recurring Revenue Contracts deemed satisfactory to Lender in Lender s sole and absolute discretion, multiplied
by (b) forty percent (40%).  

1.12          Borrowing
Certificate   has the meaning as set forth in Section 2.1(f) hereof.  

1.13            Business  
means the provision of education management services to university-level educational institutions. 

1.14           Business
Day    means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banks located in the State of New York
are authorized or required to close under applicable banking laws. 

1.15            Change 
of Control    has the meaning as set forth in Section 10.1 hereof. 

1.16            Chattel 
Paper    has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.17            Closing 
Date    means the date of this Agreement. 

1.18             Closing
Fee     has the meaning as set forth in
Section 3.2 hereof. 

1.19            Collateral    
has the meaning as set forth in Section 5.1 hereof. 

1.20            Collection  
   Account    has the meaning set forth in Section
2.1(g) hereof. 

1.21            Collection  
   Days    means  
a period equal to the greater of (i) two (2) Business Days after the deposit of Collections into the Collection Account, or (ii)
such longer period as may be required by the financial institution with whom the Collection Account is maintained, in either event
for which interest may be charged on the aggregate amount of such deposits at the Interest Rate or, if applicable, the Default
Interest Rate. 

1.22           Collections   
means with respect to any Account, all cash collections on such Account. 

1.23            Commercial  
   Tort Claims    has the meaning ascribed to such
term in the UCC. 

1.24            Default  
   Interest Rate    has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(b). 

1.25            Deposit  
   Accounts    has the meaning ascribed to such
term in the UCC. 

1.26            Document     
or       document   
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.27             Domain
Name, URL and IP Address Assignment     means the Domain Name, URL and IP Address Assignment in form and substance
acceptable to Lender as originally executed or, if amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced from time to
time, as so amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced. 

1.28            EBITDA  
means, for any period with respect to the Borrower, earnings before deduction for interest charges, taxes, depreciation and amortization
and other non-cash charges, and excluding stock-based compensation and charges. 

1.29          Electronic
Chattel Paper   has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.30            Environment  
means all air, surface water, groundwater or land, including, without limitation, land surface or subsurface, including, without
limitation, all fish, wildlife, biota and all other natural resources. 

1.31           Environmental
Law    or    Environmental Laws   
means all federal, state and local laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations now or hereafter in effect, and in each case as amended
or supplemented from time to time, and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative
order, consent decree or judgment relating to the regulation and protection of human health, safety, the environment and natural
resources (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, wetlands, land surface or subsurface strata, wildlife, aquatic species
and vegetation). 

1.32           Environmental
Liabilities and Costs    means, as to any Person, all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, remedial actions,
losses, damages, punitive damages, consequential damages, treble damages, costs and expenses (including all fees, disbursements
and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions
and interest incurred as a result of any claim or demand by any other Person, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express
warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute, including any Environmental Law, permit, order or agreement with any Governmental
Authority or other Person, and which arise from any environmental, health or safety conditions, or a Release or conditions that
are reasonably likely to result in a Release, and result from the past, present or future operations of such Person or any of its
Affiliates. 

1.33            Environmental  
   Lien    means any Lien in favor of any Governmental
Authority for Environmental Liabilities and Costs. 

1.34            ERISA    
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same now exists or may from time to time hereafter be amended,
modified, recodified or supplemented, together with all rules, regulations and interpretations thereunder or related thereto. 

1.35           Equipment        
 means    equipment , as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower, wherever
located, and shall include, without limitation, the machinery and equipment set forth on  Section 5.4(j) of the Borrower s
Disclosure Schedule  and all other equipment, machinery, furniture, Fixtures, computer equipment, telephone equipment, molds,
tools, dies, partitions, tooling, transportation equipment, all other tangible assets used in connection with the manufacture,
sale or lease of goods or rendition of services, and Borrower s interests in any leased equipment, and all repairs, modifications,
alterations, additions, controls and operating accessories thereof or thereto, and all substitutions and replacements therefor. 

1.36             Equity
Interests    means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, rights to purchase, options, warrants, general,
limited or limited liability partnership interests, membership interests, units, participations or other equivalents of or interest
in (regardless of how designated) equity of such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock,
convertible securities or any other  equity security  (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules
and Regulations promulgated by the SEC (or any successor thereto) under the 1934 Act). 

1.37           Event
 of  Default    means the occurrence or existence
of any event or condition described in Section 11 of this Agreement. 

1.38            Existing
Insurance Policies   has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(q) hereof. 

1.39            Financial  
   Statements    has the meaning as set forth in
Section 8.9 hereof. 

1.40            Financing  
   Statements    means the Uniform Commercial Code
UCC-1 Financing Statements and Uniform Commercial Code UCC Financing Statement Amendments to be filed with applicable Governmental
Authorities of each State or Commonwealth or political subdivisions thereof pursuant to which Lender shall perfect its security
interest in the Collateral. 

1.41          Fiscal
Year   means the twelve (12) month period ending on August 31 . 

1.42            Fixtures    
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.43           GAAP   
means generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the United States of America at the time of any determination, and
which are applied on a consistent basis. All accounting terms used in this Agreement which are not expressly defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings given to those terms by GAAP, unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires. 

1.44            General  
   Intangibles    has the meaning ascribed to such
term in the UCC. 

1.45            Goods    
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.46            Governmental  
   Authority      
 or      Governmental
Authorities    means any federal, state, county or municipal governmental agency, court, tribunal, department, instrumentality,
board, commission, officer, official or entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions
of or pertaining to government, including, without limitation, the FDA. 

1.47          Guarantee 
means the Guarantee of the Guarantor as originally executed or, if amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced
from time to time, as so amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced. 

1.48             Guarantor 
 means John Robert Hall, an individual.  

1.49          Hazardous
Substances    means (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified
pursuant to, any applicable laws or regulations as  hazardous substances,   hazardous materials,   hazardous
wastes,   toxic substances,  or any other formulation intended to define, list, or classify substances by reason
of deleterious properties such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity, or  EP toxicity, 
(b) oil, petroleum, or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas liquids, synthetic gas, drilling fluids, produced
waters, and other wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production of crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal resources,
(c) any flammable substances or explosives or any radioactive materials, and (d) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment that
contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of 50 parts per million.  

1.50            Indebtedness    
means, with respect to any Person, all of the obligations of such Person which, in accordance with GAAP, should be classified upon
such Person s balance sheet as liabilities, or to which reference should be made by footnotes thereto, including without
limitation, with respect to Borrower, in any event and whether or not so classified, including the following: 

(a)          all
debt and similar monetary obligations of a Person, whether direct or indirect; 

(b)          all
obligations of a Person arising or incurred under or in respect of any guaranties (whether direct or indirect) of such Person with
respect to the Indebtedness of any other Person; and 

(c)          all
obligations of a Person arising or incurred under or in respect of any Lien upon or in any property owned by Borrower that secures
Indebtedness of another Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness. 

1.51          Instruments  
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.52            Intellectual
Property   means all of the following intellectual property used in the conduct of Borrower s Business: (a) inventions,
processes, techniques, discoveries, developments and related improvements, whether or not patentable; (b) United States patents,
patent applications, divisionals, continuations, reissues, renewals, registrations, confirmations, re-examinations, extensions
and any provisional applications, of any such patents or patent applications, and any foreign or international equivalent of any
of the foregoing; (c) unregistered , United States registered or pending trademark, trade dress, service mark, service name, trade
name, brand name, logo, domain name, or business symbol and any foreign or international equivalent of any of the foregoing; (d)
work specifications, software (including object and source code listing) and artwork; (e) technical, scientific and other know-how
and information, trade secrets, methods, processes, practices, formulas, designs, assembly procedures, specifications owned or
used by Borrower; (f) copyrights; (g) work for hire; (h) customer and mailing lists; (i) any and all rights of the Borrower to
its trade names, including, without limitation, the names  Greenwood Hall  and  Greenwood   Hall  or
any derivations thereof, and Borrower s entire customer list and database and all assets used or useful by Borrower in the
conduct of its Business over the internet or in any electronic medium, including any websites, URLs or domain names owned by Borrower;
and (j) all goodwill associated with the items described in clauses (a) through (i). 

1.53          Interest  
   Rate    means the Revolver Interest Rate. 

1.54           Inventory   
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower, wherever located. 

1.55             Investment
Property    has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.56         [INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED] 

1.57           Lender   
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

1.58             Letter-of-Credit
Rights    means  letter-of-credit rights  as such term is defined in the UCC, including rights to payment
or performance under a letter of credit, whether or not the beneficiary thereof has demanded or is entitled to demand payment or
performance. 

1.59           Lien        
or       lien   
means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, security interest, hypothecation, assignment, lien (statutory or other, including, without
limitation, liens imposed by any Governmental Authority), claim, charge or other encumbrance of any kind or nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, pursuant to any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially
the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or comparable law of
any jurisdiction to evidence any of the foregoing) on personal or real property or fixtures. 

1.60           Loans   
means the aggregate principal amounts advanced to, made available to, or paid for the benefit of, Borrower as set forth in this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

1.61           Loan
Documents    means this Agreement, the Revolving Loan Note, the Guarantee, the Subordination Agreements, the Patent
and Trademark Security Agreement, the Stock Pledge Agreement, the Lockbox Agreement, the Warrants   and any and all other
agreements, notes, documents, mortgages, financing statements, guaranties, intercreditor agreements, subordination agreements,
certificates and such other documents and instruments executed and/or delivered at any time by Borrower or any other Person to
Lender pursuant to and in connection with the Loans and this Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed
or extended from time to time. 

1.62            Lockbox  
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Lockbox Agreement. 

1.63            Lockbox
Agent   means the person serving from time to time as the Lockbox Agent under the Lockbox Agreement. 

1.64            Lockbox
Agreement   means that certain Lockbox Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among Lender, the Borrower and the Lockbox
Agent. 

1.65          LTM
EBITDA   of Borrower means, as of any date of measurement, Borrower s consolidated EBITDA for the prior twelve (12)
consecutive whole calendar months ending on the last day of the whole calendar month preceding such date of measurement, as certified
by a Responsible Officer of Borrower. 

1.66             Material
Adverse Effect    means a material adverse effect on (a) the Business, assets, liabilities, financial condition,
results of operations or business prospects of any Borrower, (b) the ability of any Borrower or any Guarantor to perform its
obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party, (c) the value of the Collateral or the rights of Lender therein,
(d) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents, (e) the rights and remedies of Lender under any of such Loan
Documents, or (f) the timely payment of the principal of or interest on the Loans or other amounts payable in connection therewith.
All determinations of materiality shall be made by the Lender in its sole and absolute judgment. 

1.67             Material
Contract    means any contract or other arrangement (including Loan Documents), including, without limitation, the
Recurring Revenue Contracts, whether written or oral, to which Borrower is a party as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation
or failure to renew by any party thereto could have a Material Adverse Effect or could result in a liability to Borrower in excess
of $130,000. 

1.68           Maturity
Date    means the earlier of (i) October 14, 2018 and (ii) the date Lender may exercise any of its remedies pursuant
to the terms hereof. 

1.69             Maximum
Credit    shall mean, subject to Availability, Three Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($3,500,000) as of the
date hereof, which Maximum Credit shall automatically be reduced by $29,166.67 per month, commencing April 1, 2017. 

1.70           1934
Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

1.71           Obligations   
means all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of every kind, nature and description owing by Borrower to Lender pursuant
to the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, principal, interest, repurchase obligations (including the Put Option), charges,
fees, costs and expenses, however evidenced, whether as principal, surety, endorser, guarantor or otherwise, whether now existing
or hereafter arising, whether arising before, during or after the Term or after the commencement of any case with respect to Borrower
under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any similar statute (including, without limitation, the payment of interest and other
amounts which would accrue and become due but for the commencement of such case), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent,
joint or several, due or not due, primary or secondary, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured. 

1.72          Organizational
Documents    means, in the case of a corporation, its Articles of Incorporation, Certificate
of Incorporation and By-Laws; in the case of a general partnership, its Articles of Partnership and any partnership agreement;
in the case of a limited partnership, its Articles of Limited Partnership and any partnership agreement; in the case of a limited
liability company, its Articles of Organization and Operating Agreement or Regulations, if any; in the case of a limited liability
partnership, its Articles of Limited Liability Partnership; or alternatively, in each case, the legal equivalent thereof in the
jurisdiction of its organization, together with all other formation or governing documents, schedules, exhibits, amendments, addendums,
modifications, replacements, additions, or restatements of the foregoing, which are in effect.  

1.73           Overadvance   
has the meaning as set forth in Section 2.1(d) hereof. 

1.74            Patent
and Trademark Security Agreement   means the Patent and Trademark Security Agreement as originally executed or, if amended,
modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced from time to time, as so amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended
or replaced, and all documents executed in connection with the Patent and Trademark Security Agreement. 

1.75             Payment
Intangibles    has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.76          Permitted
Actions    means any or all of the following with respect to the Collateral: inspect;
assemble; appraise; display, sever; remove; maintain; use or operate; prepare for sale or lease; process or repair; and/or lease,
transfer and/or sell any or all of the Collateral by private sale or public disposition from any of the locations where any Collateral
may be located.  

1.77           Permitted
Encumbrances    means Liens granted to Lender or Lender s Affiliates. 

1.78            Permitted
Indebtedness   means, except with respect to those certain trade accounts payable listed in  Section 9.3 of Borrower s
Disclosure Schedule , (i) the unsecured Indebtedness consisting of accounts payable or trade payables of the Borrower incurred
in the ordinary course of Business and repayable in accordance with customary trade practices, and (ii) Indebtedness secured by
Permitted Encumbrances. 

1.79           Person   
  or      person   
means, as applicable, any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, limited liability
partnership, business trust, unincorporated association, joint stock corporation, trust, joint venture or other entity or any Governmental
Authority. 

1.80           Proceeds   
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC and shall also include, but not be limited to, (a) any and all proceeds of any
and all insurance policies (including, without limitation, life insurance, casualty insurance, business interruption insurance
and credit insurance), indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to Borrower from time to time with respect to any of the Collateral
or otherwise, (b) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due and payable to Borrower from time to time in connection
with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of all or any part of the Collateral by any governmental
body, authority, bureau or agency or any other Person (whether or not acting under color of Governmental Authority) and (c) any
and all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in connection with any of the Collateral. 

1.81             Promissory
Note    has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC. 

1.82               Put
Option    has the meaning set forth in the Seven  -Year Warrant, of even
date herewith, issued by the Borrower to Lender, for the purchase of 8,125,000 shares of Borrower s capital stock described
therein. 

1.83          Recurring
Revenue Contracts   means written contracts between Borrower and unaffiliated third parties generating scheduled revenue
streams to Borrower described in detail therein in consideration for Borrower s ongoing rendition of services to such third
parties, which contracts shall be utilized in the determination of the Borrowing Base. 

1.84             Release   
means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, or disposing
of a Hazardous Substance into the Environment. 

1.85            Reserves  
 means, as of any date of determination, such amounts as Lender may from time to time establish
and revise in good faith reducing the amount of the Revolving Loan Commitment (a) to reflect events, conditions, contingencies
or risks which, as determined by Lender in good faith, do or may materially and adversely affect either (i) the Collateral or
any other property which is security for the Obligations or its value, (ii) the assets, Business or prospects of Borrower, (iii)
the security interests and other rights of Lender in the Collateral (including the enforceability, perfection and priority thereof),
or (iv) Borrower s ability to perform its Obligations under the Loan Documents; or (b) in respect of any state of facts
which Lender determines in good faith constitutes an Event of Default or may, with notice or passage of time or both, constitute
an Event of Default.  

1.86          Responsible
Officer   means the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Greenwood.  

1.87          Revolver
Interest Rate   has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).  

1.88           Revolving
Loan Commitment    means, at any given time, the difference between (i) Availability
and (ii) the sum of the Reserves plus outstanding Obligations . 

1.89          Revolving
Loan Note   means the  Secured Promissory Note (Revolving Loans)  delivered
by Borrower to Lender, of even date herewith, as may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time .  

1.90           Revolving
Loan Prepayment Fee    has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(c)   hereof . 

1.91           Revolving
Loans    has the meaning as set forth in Section 2.1(a) hereof . 

1.92          SEC 
 means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission . 

1.93          SEC
Reports   means all periodic and other reports filed by the Borrower with the SEC pursuant
to the 1934 Act prior to and after the Closing Date and including the information and documents (other than exhibits) incorporated
therein by reference.  

1.94          Securities 
 has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC . 

1.95            Software   
 has the meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC . 

1.96          Stock
Pledge Agreement   mean the Stock Pledge Agreement between Lender and Greenwood with respect
to 100% of the capital stock of PCS, as originally executed or, if amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced
from time to time, as so amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, extended or replaced . 

1.97             Subordination
Agreements   means the agreements, in form and substance acceptable to Lender, between
Lender and each of Colgan Financial Group, Lincoln Park Capital, Redwood Fund LP and First Fire Global whereby each such entity,
among other matters, subordinates its Lien in the Collateral and certain rights to payment to the Lien and rights of payment in
favor of Lender.  

1.98          Subsidiary   
means, as to any Person, a corporation, limited liability company or other entity with respect to which more than fifty (50%) percent
of the outstanding Equity Interests of each class having voting power is at the time owned by such Person or by one or more Subsidiaries
of such Person or by such Person. 

1.99             Tangible  
   Chattel Paper    has the meaning ascribed to
such term in the UCC. 

1.100           Tax     
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.12(c).   

1.101           Tax
Deduction      has the
meaning set forth in Section 8.12(c).   

1.102        Term 
  has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. 

1.103        UCC 
  means the Uniform Commercial Code as presently enacted in  
  New York (or any successor legislation thereto), and as the same may be amended from time to time, and the state counterparts
thereof as may be enacted in such states or jurisdictions where any of the Collateral is located or held. 

1.104       United States Bankruptcy Code   means Title 11 of the United States Code, as the same may be amended from time
to time, and any successor statute. 

1.105       Warrants   means (i) a Five-Year Warrant, of even date herewith, issued by the Borrower to Lender, for the purchase
of 8,125,000 shares   of Borrower s capital
stock described therein, at an exercise price of $0.14 per share, and (ii) a Seven-Year Warrant, of even date herewith, issued
by the Borrower to Lender, for the purchase of 3,500,000 shares of Borrower s capital stock described therein, at an exercise
price of $0.12 per share. 

1.106      Rules  
   of Interpretation and Construction.   In this Agreement
unless the context otherwise requires: 

(a)          All
terms used herein which are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings given therein unless otherwise defined in this Agreement; 

(b)          Sections
mentioned by number only are the respective Sections of this Agreement as so numbered; 

(c)          Words
importing a particular gender shall mean and include the other gender and words importing the singular number mean and include
the plural number and vice versa; 

(d)          Words
importing persons shall mean and include firms, associations, partnerships (including limited partnerships), societies, trusts,
corporations, limited liability companies or other legal entities, including public or governmental bodies, as well as natural
persons; 

(e)          Each
reference in this Agreement to a particular person shall be deemed to include a reference to such person's successors and permitted
assigns; 

(f)           Any
headings preceding the texts of any Section of this Agreement, and any table of contents or marginal notes appended to copies hereof
are intended, solely for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement, nor shall they affect its
meaning, construction or effect; 

(g)          If
any clause, provision or section of this Agreement shall be ruled invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction,
such holding shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any of the remaining provisions thereof; 

(h)          The
terms  herein ,  hereunder ,  hereby ,  hereto , and any similar terms as used
in this Agreement refer to this Agreement; the term  heretofore  means before the date of execution of this Agreement;
and the term  hereafter  shall mean after the date of execution of this Agreement; 

(i)           If
any clause, provision or section of this Agreement shall be determined to be apparently contrary to or conflicting with any other
clause, provision or section of this Agreement, then the clause, provision or section containing the more specific provisions shall
control and govern with respect to such apparent conflict; 

(j)           Unless
otherwise specified, (i) all accounting terms used herein or in any Loan Document shall be interpreted in accordance with GAAP,
(ii) all accounting determinations and computations hereunder or thereunder shall be made in accordance with GAAP and (iii) all
financial statements required to be delivered hereunder or thereunder shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(k)          An
Event of Default that occurs shall exist or continue or be continuing unless such Event of Default is waived by Lender or cured
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 

(l)           The
word  and  when used from time to time herein shall mean  or  or  and/or  if such meaning is
expansive of the rights or interests of Lender in the given context. 

(m)         All
references herein and in the other Loan Documents to times of day shall refer to New York City time, unless otherwise specified
to the contrary; and 

(n)           No
provision of this Agreement shall be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party hereto by reason of such
party or his or its counsel having, or being deemed to have, structured or drafted such provision.  

SECTION
2.  LOANS    

2.1         Revolving
Loans . 

(a)          Lender
may, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein and the satisfaction of the closing and funding conditions set forth
herein, make revolving loans to Borrower (  Revolving Loans  ) prior to the Maturity Date in amounts requested
by Borrower from time to time, but not more than two times each month, provided that the requested Revolving Loan would not cause
the outstanding Revolving Loans to exceed the Revolving Loan Commitment existing immediately prior to the making of the requested
Revolving Loan. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Revolving Loans, as set forth
in this Agreement. 

(b)          Revolving
Loans may be drawn in tranches of not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) (each drawing, an   Advance  
and collectively, the   Advances  ). The obligation of Borrower to repay the Revolving Loans shall be evidenced
by the Revolving Loan Note. 

(c)          The
principal amount of the Revolving Loans shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Loan Note. 

(d)          Notwithstanding
any provision herein to the contrary, Borrower shall repay the Revolving Loans immediately at any time and from time to time in
an amount by which the outstanding balance of the Revolving Loans exceeds the Revolving Loan Commitment, as determined by Lender
(an   Overadvance  ). 

(e)          Borrower
may voluntarily prepay the entire unpaid principal sum of the Revolving Loans without premium or penalty, except as set forth in
Section 4.2 hereof. 

(f)           Whenever
Borrower desires an Advance, Borrower will notify Lender by delivery of a borrowing certificate certified by a Responsible Officer
(  Borrowing Certificate  ) no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Advance, setting
forth in reasonable detail, as of the date set forth on the Borrowing Certificate, (A) a calculation of Borrower s year-to-date
EBITDA or LTM EBITDA, as applicable, and (B) an accounts receivable aging report and a report of the schedule of payments due and
owing under each Recurring Revenue Contract, in form and substance acceptable to Lender, which Borrowing Certificate shall in all
respects be subject to Lender s review and approval. In addition, Borrower shall furnish Lender with a Borrowing Certificate
weekly on each Tuesday during the Term setting forth such information, irrespective of whether Borrower has then requested an Advance.
Lender shall be entitled to rely on any facsimile or electronic transmission of a Borrowing Certificate given by a person who Lender
reasonably believes to be a Responsible Officer, and Borrower shall indemnify and hold Lender harmless for any damages or loss
suffered by Lender as a result of such reliance. The funding of each Advance shall be made in accordance with the applicable Borrowing
Certificate as approved by Lender. 

(g)          All
Proceeds of Borrower s sales and all other proceeds of Accounts and other Collateral shall be deposited by Account Debtors
in accordance with Borrower s irrevocable payment instruction approved by Lender in writing, in the Lockbox account designated
by and/or maintained in the name of Borrower pursuant to the Lockbox Agreement or pursuant to such other deposit account control
agreement(s) that have been approved in writing by Lender in Lender s sole discretion directed to Lender and deposited in
an account at a financial institution selected by Lender (such account referred to as the   Collection Account  ).
Once instituted, such Lockbox system shall remain in effect unless Lender directs otherwise. Borrower shall bear all risk of loss
of any funds deposited into such account except to the extent such loss is caused by the gross negligence or the willful misconduct
of Lender. In connection therewith, Borrower shall execute the Lockbox Agreement and such other lockbox and/or bank account agreements
as Lender shall reasonably specify from time to time. Any collections or other Collateral proceeds received by Borrower from any
source whatsoever shall be held in trust for the benefit of Lender and immediately remitted to Lender in kind. 

(h)          In
the event that Borrower receives any Collections that should have been sent to the Collection Account, Borrower shall, promptly
upon receipt and in any event within one Business Day of receipt, forward such Collections directly to Lender or otherwise in accordance
with Lender s instruction, in the form received, and promptly notify Lender of such event. Until so forwarded, such Collections
shall be held in trust for the benefit of Lender. 

(i)           Subject
to charges for Collection Days, all amounts deposited into the Collection Account will, for the purposes of calculating the Borrowing
Base and interest, be credited to the aggregate outstanding amount of the Revolving Loans on the date of deposit in the Collection
Account. No checks, drafts or other instruments received by Lender shall constitute final payment to Lender unless and until such
instruments have actually been collected. 

(j)           All
payments of principal, interest, fees, costs, expenses and other charges provided for in this Agreement or any other Loan Document
that have not been paid to Lender on the due dates thereof, shall be added to the principal amount of the Revolving Loans, and
shall bear interest at the Default Interest Rate. 

(k)           Application
of Collections and Proceeds of Collateral : 

1.          So
long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and remain outstanding, Lender agrees to apply all Collections, if any, as follows:
first, to Overadvances; second, to all fees, costs and expenses; third, to accrued and unpaid interest; fourth, to matured and
unpaid Obligations; and fifth, the principal amount of the Revolving Loans. 

2.          If
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Lender may apply Collections, any other proceeds of Collateral and all
other payments received by Lender to the payment of the Obligations in such manner and in such order as Lender may elect in its
sole discretion. 

2.2          Maximum
Credit . The aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans shall not exceed the amount of the Maximum Credit, as reduced
on a monthly basis in accordance with the definition of  Maximum Credit  set forth herein. 

2.3          Reserves .
Without limiting any other rights and remedies of Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, the Availability shall be
subject to Lender's continuing right, in its sole discretion in good faith, from time to time, to withhold a Reserve from Availability
to reflect, among other things, conditions, contingencies or risks that may affect the Collateral or the financial condition of
the Borrower. 

2.4          Use
of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loans solely for (a) payment in full of any other Indebtedness secured
by the Collateral and the payment of other indebtedness set forth on  Exhibit 2.4  annexed hereto, (b) payment of the fees
set forth in Section 3.2, (c) outstanding closing expenses, and (d) ordinary course working capital purposes in its Business. 

2.5          Repayment .
Borrower shall repay the Loans and other Obligations in accordance with the Revolving Loan Note and this Agreement. 

2.6          ACH .
In order to satisfy Borrower s payment of amounts due under the Loans and all fees, expenses and charges with respect thereto
that are due and payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Lender to
initiate manual and automatic electronic (debit and credit) entries through the Automated Clearing House or other appropriate electronic
payment system (  ACH  ) to all deposit accounts maintained by Borrower, wherever located. At the request of the
Lender, Borrower shall complete, execute and deliver to the institution set forth below (with a copy to the Lender) any ACH agreement,
voided check, information and/or direction letter reasonably necessary to so instruct Borrower s depository institution.
Borrower (i) shall maintain in all respects this ACH arrangement; (ii) shall not change depository institutions without
Lender s prior written consent, and if consent is received, shall immediately execute similar ACH instruction(s), and (iii) waives
any and all claims for loss or damage arising out of debits or credits to/from the depository institution, whether made properly
or in error. Borrower has so communicated with and instructed the following institution(s): 

Bank Name: Union
Bank 

 Address: 2001
Wilshire Blvd. Santa Monica, CA 90403 

 ABA#: 122000496 

 Account #: 0071125413 

 Swift Code: BOFCUS33MPK 

 Contact: Shreekal
Singh 

 Phone: 310-453-5397 

 Fax: 323-453-6113 

SECTION
3.     INTEREST, FEES AND CHARGES  

3.1          Interest . 

(a)          Interest
on the unpaid principal balance of Revolving Loans (the   Revolver Interest Rate  ) shall be computed on the basis
of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 (360) days and shall accrue on the outstanding principal balance of Advances
at an annual rate equal to the  greater  of (i) the sum of (A) the  Prime Rate  as reported in the  Money
Rates  column of  The Wall Street Journal , adjusted as and when such Prime Rate changes, plus (B) Seven and Three Quarters
Percent (7.75%), or (ii) Ten Percent (10.0%), but in no event in excess of Fourteen Percent (14%) per annum unless an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing. All accrued interest on the Revolving Loans, including interest charges for Collection
Days, if any, shall be due and payable in arrears (x) prior to the Maturity Date, monthly on the first Business Day of each month,
(y) in full on the Maturity Date and (z) on demand after the Maturity Date. 

(b)          Following
and during the continuation of an Event of Default, interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Revolving Loans shall accrue
at a rate equal to Five Percent (5%) in excess of the Revolver Interest Rate, adjusted as and when such Rev olver
Interest Rate changes (the   Default Interest Rate  ).  

3.2          Closing
Fee . Borrower shall pay Lender, or Lender s designee, a closing fee equal to One Hundred Thirty Four Thousand Seven
Hundred Fifty Dollars ($134,750) (  Closing Fee  ). Such Closing Fee shall be deemed fully earned on the date
hereof, shall be paid on the Closing Date from Loan proceeds, and shall not be subject to rebate or proration for any reason.  

3.3          Other
Fees and Expenses . Borrower shall pay, on Lender's demand, all costs, expenses, filing fees and taxes payable in connection
with the preparation, execution, delivery, recording, administration, collection, liquidation, defense and enforcement of the
Loan Documents, Lender's rights in the Collateral, and all other existing and future agreements or documents contemplated herein
or related hereto, including any amendments, waivers, supplements or consents which may now or hereafter be made or entered into
in respect hereof, or in any way involving claims or defenses asserted by Lender or claims or defenses against Lender asserted
by Borrower or any third party directly or indirectly arising out of or related to the relationship between Borrower and Lender,
including, but not limited to the following, whether incurred before, during or after the Term or after the commencement of any
case with respect to Borrower under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any similar or successor statute: (a) all costs and expenses
of filing or recording (including UCC Financing Statement and, if applicable, mortgage filing fees); (b) all title insurance and
other insurance premiums, appraisal fees, fees incurred in connection with any environmental report and audit, survey and search
fees and charges; (c) all costs and expenses of onsite visits by Lender and its representatives, including travel and lodging
expenses, (d) all fees relating to the wire transfer of loan proceeds and other funds and fees for returned checks; and (e) all
costs, fees and disbursements of counsel to Lender. If any fees, costs or charges payable to Lender hereunder are not paid when
due, such amounts shall be added to the principal amount of the Obligations and accrue interest at the Default Interest Rate until
paid.  

3.4          Savings
Clause . It is intended that the Interest Rate, the Convertible Interest Rate and the Default Interest Rate shall never exceed
the maximu m rate, if any, which may be legally charged in the State of New York for loans made to corporations (the   Maximum
Rate  ). If the provisions for interest contained in the Revolving Loan Note would result in a rate higher than the Maximum
Rate, the interest shall nevertheless be limited to the Maximum Rate and any amounts which may be paid toward interest in excess
of the Maximum Rate shall be applied to the reduction of principal, or, at the option of Lender, returned to the Borrower. 

SECTION
4.    TERM .   

4.1          Term .
This Agreement shall continue until all Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full (the   Term  ). 

4.2          Early
Termination; Loan Prepayment Fees . 

(a)          Lender
shall have the right to accelerate payment of the Obligations at any time upon or after the occurrence of an Event of Default. 

(b)          Except
as set forth in Section 4.2(c) hereof, the Loans shall be voluntarily prepayable by Borrower without premium or penalty. 

(c)          Borrower
may voluntarily prepay the entire unpaid principal sum of the Revolving Loans on not less than fifteen (15) days prior written
notice to Lender, provided, however, that, (i) such prepayment is no less than the amount of the then-outstanding aggregate principal
sum of all Revolving Loans and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) as part of such prepayment, Borrower shall pay Lender
all other amounts due to Lender pursuant to the Revolving Loan Note, this Agreement and other Loan Documents, and (iii) in the
event Borrower makes such prepayment on or before April 30, 2017, then Borrower shall pay to Lender an amount equal to the Revolving
Loan Prepayment Fee.   Revolving Loan Prepayment Fee   shall be an amount equal to three percent (3%) of the then-outstanding
principal sum of all Revolving Loans. The Revolving Loan Prepayment Fee is intended to compensate Lender for committing and deploying
funds for Borrower s Loans pursuant to the Agreement and for Lender s loss of investment of such funds in connection
with such early termination, and is not intended as a penalty. 

(d)          The
Revolving Loan Prepayment Fee also shall be due and payable by Borrower to Lender if Lender accelerates the payment of the Obligations
on or before April 30, 2017 due to the occurrence of an Event of Default. 

SECTION
5.    COLLATERAL.  

5.1          Security
Interests in Borrower s Assets . As collateral security for the payment and performance of the Obligations, Borrower hereby
grants and conveys to Lender a first priority continuing security interest in and Lien upon all now owned and hereafter acquired
property and assets of Borrower and the Proceeds and products thereof including, without limitation, property described in this
Section 5.1 and all property of Borrower now or hereafter held or possessed by Lender (which property, assets and Proceeds, together
with all other collateral security for the Obligations now or hereafter granted to or otherwise acquired by Lender, are referred
to herein collectively as the   Collateral  ): 

(a)          Accounts; 

(b)          Chattel
Paper; 

(c)          Commercial
Tort Claims; 

(d)          Deposit
Accounts; 

(e)          Documents; 

(f)      
    Domain names; 

(g)          Electronic
Chattel Paper; 

(h)          Equipment; 

(i)   
       Fixtures; 

(j)          General
Intangibles (including, without limitation http://www.greenwoodhall.com); 

(k)          Goods; 

(l)    
      Instruments; 

(m)         Inventory; 

(n)          Investment
Property; 

(o)          Letter-of-Credit
Rights; 

(p)          Payment
Intangibles; 

(q)          Promissory
Notes; 

(r)    
      Software; 

(s)          Tangible
Chattel Paper; 

(t)      
    Securities (whether certificated or uncertificated); 

(u)          warehouse
receipts; 

(v)     
    cash monies; 

(w)         Tax
and duty refunds; 

(x)          Intellectual
Property; 

(y)          All
present and future books and records relating to any of the above including, without limitation, all present and future books of
account of every kind or nature, purchase and sale agreements, invoices, ledger cards, bills of lading and other shipping evidence,
statements, correspondence, memoranda, credit files and other data relating to the Collateral or any Account Debtor, together with
the tapes, disks, diskettes and other data and software storage media and devices, file cabinets or containers in or on which the
foregoing are stored (including any rights of Borrower with respect to any of the foregoing maintained with or by any other Person);
and 

(z)          Any
and all products and Proceeds of the foregoing in any form including, without limitation, all insurance claims, warranty claims
and Proceeds and claims against third parties for loss or destruction of or damage to any or the foregoing. 

5.2          Financing
Statements . Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to prepare and file Financing Statements with respect to the Collateral in form
acceptable to Lender and its counsel, and hereby ratifies any actions taken by Lender prior to or after the date hereof in respect
of the preparation and filing of such Financing Statements. Borrower shall, at all times, do, make, execute, deliver and record,
register or file all Financing Statements and other instruments, acts, pledges, leasehold or other mortgages, amendments, modifications,
assignments and transfers (or cause the same to be done), and will deliver to Lender such instruments and/or documentation evidencing
items of Collateral, as may be requested by Lender to better secure or perfect Lender's security interest in the Collateral or
any Lien with respect thereto. Borrower acknowledges that it is not authorized to file any Financing Statement or amendment or
termination statement with respect to any Financing Statement in favor of Lender without the prior written consent of Lender and
agrees that it will not do so without the prior written consent of Lender. In addition, Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to record
the Liens in favor of the Lender in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, as applicable, and the
taking of any actions required under the laws of jurisdictions outside the United States with respect to Intellectual Property
included in the Collateral. 

5.3          License
Grant . Borrower hereby grants to Lender an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license without payment of royalty or other
compensation to Borrower, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to use or otherwise exploit in
any manner as to which authorization of the holder of such Intellectual Property would be required, and to license or sublicense
such rights in to and under, any Intellectual Property now or hereafter owned by or licensed to Borrower, and wherever the same
may be located, including in such license access to all media in which any of such Intellectual Property may be recorded or stored
and to all software and hardware used for the compilation or printout thereof, and represents, warrants and agrees that any such
license or sublicense is not and will not be in conflict with the contractual, proprietary or commercial rights of any third Person
and subject, in the case of trademarks and service marks, to sufficient rights to quality control and inspection in favor of Borrower
to avoid the risk of invalidation of said trademarks and service marks. The foregoing license will terminate on the indefeasible
payment in full of all Obligations;  provided ,  however , that any license, sublicense, or other rights granted by Lender
pursuant to such license during its term shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms. 

5.4          Representations,
Warranties and Covenants Concerning the Collateral . Borrower covenants, represents and warrants (each of which such covenants,
representations and warranties shall survive execution and delivery of this Agreement and shall be deemed repeated upon the making
of each request for a Revolving Loan and made as of the time of each and every Revolving Loan hereunder) as follows: 

(a)          (i)
Borrower owns all of the Collateral free and clear of all Liens (including any claim of infringement) except those in Lender s
favor and Permitted Encumbrances and (ii) none of the Collateral is subject to any agreement prohibiting the granting of a Lien
or requiring notice of or consent to the granting of a Lien, except as set forth in  Section 5.4(a) of the Borrower s Disclosure
Schedule . 

(b)          It
shall not encumber, mortgage, pledge, assign or grant any Lien upon any Collateral or any other assets to anyone other than the
Lender and except for Permitted Encumbrances. 

(c)          The
Liens granted pursuant to this Agreement, upon the filing of Financing Statements in respect of Borrower in favor of the Lender
in the applicable filing office of the state of organization of Borrower, the recording of the Liens in favor of the Lender in
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, as applicable, and the taking of any actions required under
the laws of jurisdictions outside the United States with respect to Intellectual Property included in the Collateral which is created
under such laws, constitute valid perfected first priority security interests in all of the Collateral in favor of the Lender,
as security for the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(d)          No
security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, financing statement, equivalent security or Lien instrument or continuation statement
covering all or any part of the Collateral is or will be on file or of record in any public office, except those relating to Permitted
Encumbrances. 

(e)          It
shall not dispose of any of the Collateral whether by sale, lease or otherwise except for the disposition or transfer in the ordinary
course of business of worn out or obsolete Equipment if consented to in advance in writing by Lender, in Lender s sole and
absolute discretion, and then only to the extent that the proceeds of any such disposition are used to acquire replacement Equipment
which is subject to the Lender s security interest or are used to repay the Obligations, as determined by Lender in its sole
and absolute discretion. 

(f) 
         It shall defend the right, title and interest of the Lender in and to
the Collateral against the claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever, and take such actions, including (i) all actions
necessary to grant the Lender  control  of any Investment Property, Deposit Accounts, Letter-of-Credit Rights or
Electronic Chattel Paper owned by it, with any agreements establishing control to be in form and substance satisfactory to
the Lender, (ii) the prompt (but in no event later than two (2) Business Days following the Lender s request therefor)
delivery to the Lender of all original Instruments, Chattel Paper, negotiable Documents and certificated Securities owned by
it (in each case, accompanied by stock powers, allonges or other instruments of transfer executed in blank), (iii)
notification to third parties of the Lender s interest in Collateral at the Lender s request, and (iv) the
institution of litigation against third parties as shall be prudent in order to protect and preserve its and/or the
Lender s interests in the Collateral. 

(g)          It
shall promptly, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after the same is acquired by it, notify the Lender of any Commercial
Tort Claim in excess of $100,000 acquired by it and shall execute and deliver to the Lender such documents as Lender shall request
to perfect, preserve or protect the Liens, rights and remedies of the Lender with respect to any such Commercial Tort Claim 

(h)          It
shall perform in a reasonable time all other steps requested by the Lender to create and maintain in the Lender s favor a
valid perfected first Lien in all Collateral. 

(i)       
   It shall notify the Lender promptly, and in any event within one (1) Business Days after obtaining
knowledge thereof, of any loss, damage or destruction of any of the Collateral. 

(j)   
        Section 5.4(j) of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule  contains a true
and complete list of all Equipment owned by Borrower as of the Closing Date and the location of such Equipment. Borrower
shall not permit any Equipment to become a fixture to real estate or accessions to other personal property. Borrower owns no
Equipment other than as set forth in such Section 5.4(j). It shall keep and maintain its Equipment in good operating
condition, except for ordinary wear and tear, and shall make all necessary repairs and replacements thereof so that the value
and operating efficiency shall at all times be maintained and preserved. 

(k)          Borrower
shall maintain and keep all of its books and records concerning the Collateral at its executive offices listed in  Section 5.4(m)
of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule . 

(l)    
       Section 5.4(l) of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule  lists all banks and
other financial institutions at which it maintains deposits and/or other accounts, and such Section 5.4(l) correctly
identifies the name, address and telephone number of each such depository, the name in which the account is held, a
description of the purpose of the account, and the complete account number. Borrower shall not establish any depository or
other bank account with any financial institution (other than the accounts set forth on  Section 5.4(l) of the
Borrower s Disclosure Schedule ) without Lender s prior approval in Lender s sole and
absolute discretion. 

(m)         On
the date hereof, Borrower s exact legal name (as indicated in the public record of its jurisdiction of organization), jurisdiction
of organization, organizational identification number, if any, from the jurisdiction of organization, and the location of its chief
executive office and all other offices or locations out of which it conducts business or operations, are specified on  Section
5.4(m) of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule . It has furnished to the Lender its Organizational Documents and long-form
good standing certificate as of a date which is within thirty (30) days of the date hereof. It is organized solely under the law
of the jurisdiction so specified and has not filed any certificates of domestication, transfer or continuance in any other jurisdiction.
Except as otherwise indicated on  Section 5.4(m) of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule , the jurisdiction of its organization
of formation is required to maintain a public record showing it to have been organized or formed. Except as specified on  Section
5.4(m) of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule , it has not changed its name, jurisdiction of organization, chief executive
office or sole place of business or its corporate or company structure in any way (e.g., by merger, consolidation, change in form
or otherwise) within the last five years and has not within the last five years become bound (whether as a result of merger or
otherwise) as a grantor under a security agreement entered into by another Person, which has not heretofore been terminated. 

(n)          It
will not, except with Lender s prior written consent and upon delivery to the Lender of all additional Financing Statements
and other documents and legal opinions requested by the Lender to maintain the validity, perfection and priority of the security
interests provided for herein: (i) change its jurisdiction of organization or the location of its chief executive office from that
referred to in  Section 5.4(m) of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule ; or (ii) change its name, identity or organizational
structure. 

(o)          Except
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, none of the Collateral is subject to any prohibition against encumbering, pledging, hypothecating
or assigning the same or requires notice or consent to Borrower s doing of the same. 

(p)           [RESERVED]  

(q)          A
complete and accurate list of all policies of insurance currently held by Borrower on the date hereof (collectively,   Existing
Insurance Policies  ) is set forth in  Section 5.4(q) of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule . 

SECTION
6.    CONDITIONS TO MAKING INITIAL LOANS.  

The obligation of
Lender to make the initial Loan shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Lender, prior thereto or concurrently therewith,
of each of the following conditions precedent: 

6.1          Loan
Documents . Each of the Loan Documents shall have been duly and properly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrower and
the other parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect as of the date hereof. 

6.2          Representations
and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of Borrower to Lender in this Agreement and
in other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, provided that any such representation
or warranty that is qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof. 

6.3          Certified
Copies of Formation Documents . Lender shall have received from Borrower, certified by a duly authorized officer to be true
and complete on and as of a date which is not more than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date hereof, a copy of each of the
Organizational Documents of Borrower in effect on such date of certification. 

6.4          Proof
of Action . Lender shall have received from Borrower a copy, certified by a duly authorized officer to be true and complete
on and as of the date hereof, of the records of all corporate or limited liability company action, as the case may be, taken by
Borrower to authorize (a) its execution and delivery of each of the Loan Documents to which it is or is to become a party as contemplated
or required by this Agreement, (b) its performance of all of its agreements and obligations under each of such documents, and (c)
the incurring of the Obligations contemplated by this Agreement. 

6.5          Legal
Opinion . Lender shall have received a written legal opinion, addressed to Lender, dated the date hereof, from counsel for Borrower.
Such legal opinion shall be acceptable to Lender and its counsel. 

6.6          Collateral .
Lender shall have obtained a first priority, perfected security interest in the Collateral. 

6.7          Insurance .
Lender shall have received evidence of insurance, additional insured and loss payee endorsements required hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, and certificates of insurance policies and/or endorsements
naming Lender as additional insured and loss payee under such of the Existing Insurance Policies or other insurance policies as
may be required by Lender under Section 9.8 or otherwise. 

6.8          Validity
of Collateral Representation . Lender shall have received a statement by the appropriate officers of Borrower which shall represent
and certify the validity of the Collateral. 

6.9          IRS
Form 4506 and 8821 . Lender shall have received from Borrower an executed Form 4506 and an executed Form 8821 to be submitted
to the Internal Revenue Service which shall grant Lender access to Borrower s Tax information. 

6.10        IRS
Form W-9 . Lender shall have received from Borrower an executed Form W-9 to be submitted to the Internal Revenue Service which
shall allow Lender to verify Borrower s tax identification number(s). 

6.11        Pay
Proceeds Letter . Borrower shall have delivered to Lender a pay proceeds letter with respect to the disbursement of the proceeds
of the initial Loans in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, which letter shall provide for, among other things, the payment
or reimbursement of all costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including,
without limitation, Lender s due diligence expenses and legal fees. 

6.12        No
Event of Default.  No event shall have occurred on or prior to the date of each initial Loan by Lender hereunder and be continuing
on the date of each such initial Loan by Lender hereunder, and no condition shall exist on the date of each Loan by Lender hereunder,
which constitutes an Event of Default or which would, with notice or the lapse of time, or both, constitute an Event of Default
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and, Lender shall have received a certification from a Responsible Officer with
respect to the foregoing in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. 

6.13        Payoff
Letters . Borrower shall have delivered to Lender payoff letters in form and substance satisfactory to Lender from each of California
United Bank and Opus Bank. 

6.14        Payment
of Certain Existing Subordinated Debt . On or before the Closing, Borrower shall have paid off certain Indebtedness of Borrower
to Redwood Fund LP, Colgan Financial Group and First Fire Global, to the extent set forth on  Exhibit 6.14  annexed hereto,
as evidenced by documentation in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. 

6.15         ACH
Agreement . Lender shall have received from Borrower an agreement executed by Borrower which irrevocably authorizes Lender to
initiate manual and automatic electronic (debit and credit) entries through the Automated Clearing House or other appropriate electronic
payment system to all deposit accounts maintained by Borrower, wherever located. 

6.16        Capital
Infusion.  No later than   December 31, 2016, Borrower shall have received an infusion of equity, or subordinated debt
securities convertible into equity, for aggregate proceeds equal to no less than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000) in form
and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole and absolute discretion. 

6.17        Additional
Deliveries .   Borrower shall have delivered to Lender such other instruments, documents and certificates reasonably requested
by Lender. 

SECTION
7.     CONDITIONS TO MAKING ALL LOANS.  

The obligations of
Lender to make all Loans hereunder shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Lender, prior thereto or concurrently therewith,
of each of the conditions set forth in Section 6 and, in addition, the following conditions precedent: 

7.1          Applications
and Compliance . The application for such Loans shall have been made by Borrower to Lender in accordance with the applicable
provisions of this Agreement and in compliance with all provisions of this Agreement. 

7.2          Representations
and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of Borrower to Lender in this Agreement or
in other Loan Documents shall have been true and correct in all material respects when made (provided that any such representation
or warranty that is qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct in all respects), shall, for all purposes of this Agreement,
be deemed to be repeated on and as of the date of each Loan by Lender hereunder and shall be true and correct in all respects on
and as of each such date, except to the extent that any of such representations and warranties relate, by the express terms thereof,
solely to a date prior to the date of each Loan by Lender hereunder, and Lender shall have received a certification from a Responsible
Officer of Borrower with respect to the foregoing in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. 

7.3          Performance,
etc . Borrower shall have duly and properly performed, complied with and observed each of its covenants, agreements and obligations
contained in this Agreement and in any other Loan Documents on the date of each Loan by Lender hereunder, and Lender shall have
received a certification from a Responsible Officer with respect to the foregoing in form and substance satisfactory to Lender.
No event shall have occurred on or prior to the date of each Loan by Lender hereunder and be continuing on the date of each Loan
by Lender hereunder, and no condition shall exist on the date of each Loan by Lender hereunder, which constitutes an Event of Default
or which would, with notice or the lapse of time, or both, constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, and Lender shall have received a certification from a Responsible Officer with respect to the foregoing in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender. 

SECTION
8.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  

Borrower hereby represents
and warrants to Lender, knowing and intending that Lender shall rely thereon in making the Loans contemplated hereby (each of which
representations and warranties shall be continuing unless expressly made in relation only to a specific date), that: 

8.1          Existence : 

(a)          Each
Borrower (i) is a corporation or limited liability company duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation, (ii) is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which it
is required to be qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or limited liability company, (iii) has all requisite corporate
or limited liability company power and authority and full legal right to own or to hold under lease its properties and to carry
on the business as presently engaged   and (iv)
has been issued all required federal, state and local licenses, certificates or permits necessary, required or appropriate to the
operation of its business. 

(b)          Each
Borrower has corporate or limited liability company power and authority and has full legal rights to enter into each of the Loan
Documents to which it is a party, and to perform, observe and comply with all of its agreements and obligations under each of such
documents. 

8.2          No
Violation, etc . The execution and delivery by Borrower of the Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party, the performance
by Borrower of all of its agreements and obligations under each of such documents, and the incurring by Borrower of all of the
Obligations contemplated by this Agreement, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company actions
on the part of Borrower and, if required, its shareholders, and do not and will not (a) contravene any provision of Borrower s
Organizational Documents or this Agreement (each as from time to time in effect), (b) conflict with, or result in a breach of the
terms, conditions, or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the property
of Borrower under, any agreement, mortgage or other instrument to which Borrower is or may become a party, (c) violate or contravene
any provision of any law, regulation, order, ruling or interpretation thereunder or any decree, order or judgment or any court
or governmental or regulatory authority, bureau, agency or official (all as from time to time in effect and applicable to such
entity), (d) other than waivers required from Borrower s landlords require any waivers, consents or approvals by any third
party, including any creditors or trustees for creditors of Borrower, or (e) require any approval, consent, order, authorization,
or license by, or giving notice to, or taking any other action with respect to, any Governmental Authority. 

8.3          Binding
Effect of Documents, etc . Borrower has duly executed and delivered each of the Loan Documents to which Borrower is a party,
and each of the Loan Documents is valid, binding and in full force and effect. The agreements and obligations of Borrower as contained
in each of the Loan Documents constitute, or upon execution and delivery thereof will constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations
of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, subject, as to the enforcement of remedies
only, to limitations imposed by federal and state laws regarding bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws
affecting creditors' rights and remedies generally, and by general principles of law and equity. 

8.4          No
Events of Default . 

(a)          No
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists that would,
with notice or the lapse of time, or both, constitute an Event of Default. 

(b)          Borrower
is not in default under any Material Contract to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower or any property of Borrower is
bound. 

(c)          Borrower s
execution, delivery and performance of and compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will not, with or without
the passage of time or giving of notice, result in any violation of law, or be in conflict with or constitute a default under any
term or provision, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of Borrower s properties or assets or the suspension, revocation,
impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal, of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to Borrower, or any of its businesses
or operations or any of its assets or properties. 

8.5          No
Governmental Consent Necessary . No consent or approval of, giving of notice to, registration with or taking of any other action
in respect of, any Governmental Authority is required with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 

8.6           No
Proceedings . Except as disclosed in Borrower s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC, there
are no material actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best of Borrower s knowledge, threatened against or affecting
Borrower in any court or before any Governmental Authority. 

8.7          No
Violations of Laws; Licenses and Permits . Borrower has conducted, and is conducting, its Business, so as to comply in all material
respects with all applicable federal, state, county and municipal statutes and regulations. Neither Borrower nor any officer, director,
manager, member or shareholder of Borrower is or has been charged with, or so far as is known by Borrower, is under investigation
with respect to, any violation of any such statutes, regulations or orders, which could have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower
has been issued all required federal, state and local licenses, certificates or permits required for the operation of its business. 

8.8          Use
of Proceeds of the Loans . Proceeds from the Loans shall be used only for those purposes set forth in this Agreement. No part
of the proceeds of the Loans shall be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock
or for the purpose of purchasing or carrying or trading in any stock under such circumstances as to involve Borrower in a violation
of any statute or regulation. In particular, without limitation of the foregoing, no part of the proceeds from the Loans is intended
to be used to acquire any publicly-held stock of any kind. 

8.9          Financial
Statements; Indebtedness . 

(a)          The
consolidated balance sheet of Borrower as of August 31, 2015, and the related consolidated]statement of operations, stockholders 
equity and cash flows (together with the related notes) for the year ended August 31, 2015, and the consolidated balance sheet
of Borrower as of May 31, 2016 and the related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders  or members  equity
and cash flows (together with the related notes) for the six-month period ended May 31, 2016 (in each case, as set forth in the
SEC Reports) (collectively, the   Financial Statements  ) (x) fairly present, as of the dates thereof, the financial
position of Borrower, and the results of its operations, cash flows and stockholders  equity in all material aspects, and
(y) except for the fact that the unaudited financial statements omit notes to such statements and year-end adjustments thereto,
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

(b)          Except
as shown on the most recent Financial Statements, (i) Borrower has no other Indebtedness as of the date hereof, and (ii) Borrower
has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except those which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial
condition or operating results of Borrower. 

8.10        Changes
in Financial Condition . Since the Balance Sheet Date, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development
in the business, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations or prospects of any Borrower.
Since the Balance Sheet Date, Borrower has not (i) declared or paid any dividends or distributions, (ii) sold any assets, individually
or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business, (iii) had capital expenditures outside of the ordinary course
of business, (iv) engaged in any transaction with any Affiliate except as set forth in  Section 10.9 of Borrower s Disclosure
Schedule  or (v) engaged in any other transaction outside of the ordinary course of business. 

8.11        Equipment .
Borrower shall keep and maintain its Equipment in good order and repair, and in running and marketable condition, ordinary wear
and tear excepted. 

8.12        Taxes
and Assessments . 

(a)          Borrower
has paid and discharged when due all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges which may lawfully be levied or assessed
upon its income and profits, or upon all or any portion of any property belonging to it, whether real, personal or mixed, to the
extent that such taxes, assessment and other charges have become due. Borrower has filed all tax returns, federal, state and local,
and all related information, required to be filed by it. 

(b)          Borrower
shall make all payments to be made by it hereunder without any Tax Deduction (as defined below), unless a Tax Deduction is required
by law. If Borrower is aware that it must make a Tax Deduction (or that there is a change in the rate or the basis of a Tax Deduction),
it shall promptly notify Lender. If a Tax Deduction is required by law to be made by Borrower, the amount of the payment due from
Borrower shall be increased to an amount which (after making the Tax Deduction) leaves an amount equal to the payment which would
have been due if no Tax Deduction had been required. If Borrower is required to make a Tax Deduction, Borrower shall make the minimum
Tax Deduction allowed by law and shall make any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction within the time allowed
by law. Within thirty (30) days of making either a Tax Deduction or a payment required in connection with a Tax Deduction, Borrower
shall deliver to Lender evidence satisfactory to Lender that the Tax Deduction has been made or (as applicable) the appropriate
payment has been paid to the relevant taxing authority. 

(c)            Tax
Deduction   means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax from a payment under a Loan Document.   Tax  
means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature, including any income, franchise, stamp, documentary,
excise or property tax, charge or levy (in each case, including any related penalty or interest). 

8.13        ERISA .
Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and all regulations issued thereunder
by the United States Treasury Department, the Department of Labor and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

8.14        Environmental
Matters . 

(a)          Borrower
has duly complied with, and its facilities, assets, property, leaseholds and equipment are in compliance in all respects with,
the provisions of all Environmental Laws. 

(b)          Borrower
has been issued all required federal, state and local licenses, certificates or permits required under Environmental Laws for the
operation of its Business. 

8.15        United
States Anti-Terrorism Laws; Holding Company Status . 

(a)          In
this Section 8.15: 

Anti-Terrorism
Law   means each of: (i) Executive Order No. 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions
With Persons Who Commit, Threaten To Commit, or Support Terrorism (the   Executive Order  ); (ii) the Uniting
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56
(commonly known as the USA Patriot Act); (iii) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, Public Law 99-570; and (iv) any similar
law enacted in the United States of America subsequent to December 31, 2004. 

holding company  
has the meaning given to it in the United States Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, and any successor legislation and
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

investment
company   has the meaning given to it in the United States Investment Company Act of 1940. 

public utility  
has the meaning given to it in the United States Federal Power Act of 1920. 

Restricted
Party   means any person listed: (i) in the Annex to the Executive Order; (ii) on the Specially Designated Nationals and
Blocked Persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury; or (iii)
in any successor list to either of the foregoing. 

(b)          Borrower
is not (i) a holding company or subject to regulation under the United States Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935; (ii)
a public utility or subject to regulation under the United States Federal Power Act of 1920; (iii) required to be registered as
an investment company or subject to regulation under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940; or (iv) subject to regulation
under any United States Federal or State law or regulation that limits its ability to incur or guarantee indebtedness. 

(c)          To
the best of Borrower s knowledge, Borrower (i) is not, and is not controlled by, a Restricted Party; (ii) has not received
funds or other property from a Restricted Party; and (iii) is not in breach of and is not the subject of any action or investigation
under any Anti-Terrorism Law. 

(d)          Borrower
has taken reasonable measures to ensure compliance with the Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

8.16        Customers
and Vendors . There are no disputes with any customers, suppliers, manufacturers, vendors and independent contractors of Borrower
in excess of $10,000 in the aggregate with any such party. 

8.17        Representations,
Warranties and Covenants Concerning the Collateral . The representations, warranties and covenants of Borrower set forth in
Section 5.4 hereof are incorporated in this Section 8.17 by reference. 

8.18        Books
and Records . Borrower maintains its chief executive office and its books and records related to its Accounts and all other
Collateral at its address set forth in  Section 5.4(m) of Borrower s Disclosure Schedule . 

8.19        SEC
Reports.  The SEC Reports do not and shall not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading. 

8.20        Changes.
 Since the Balance Sheet Date, except as disclosed in  Section 8.20 of Borrower s Disclosure Schedule , with respect
to Borrower, there has not been: 

(a)          any
change in its business, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise), properties, operations or prospects, which, individually
or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect; 

(b)          any
resignation or termination of any of its officers, key employees or groups of employees; 

(c)          any
change, except in the ordinary course of business, in its contingent obligations by way of guaranty, endorsement, indemnity, warranty
or otherwise; 

(d)          any
damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, which has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; 

(e)          any
waiver by it of a valuable right or of a material debt owed to it; 

(f)    
      any direct or indirect loans made by it to any of its stockholders, managers, members,
employees, managers, officers or directors, other than advances made in the ordinary course of business; 

(g)          any
material change in any compensation arrangement or agreement with any employee, officer, manager, director or equity holder; 

(h)          any
declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution of its assets; 

(i)          any
labor organization activity related to it; 

(j)          any
debt, obligation or liability incurred, assumed or guaranteed by it, except those for immaterial amounts and for current liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(k)          any
sale, assignment, transfer, abandonment or other disposition of any Collateral; 

(l)      
    any change in any Material Contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound which, either
individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect; 

(m)         any
other event or condition of any character that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(n)          any
arrangement or commitment by it to do any of the acts described in subsection (a) through (m) of this Section 8.20. 

8.21        Intellectual
Property . 

(a)          (1)
Borrower holds all Intellectual Property that it owns free and clear of all Liens and restrictions on use or transfer, whether
or not recorded, and has sole title to and ownership of or has the full, exclusive (subject to the rights of its licensees) right
to use in its field of business such Intellectual Property; and Borrower holds all Intellectual Property that it uses but does
not own under valid licenses or sub-licenses from others; (2) the use of the Intellectual Property by Borrower does not violate
or infringe on the rights of any other Person; (3) Borrower has not received any notice of any conflict between the asserted rights
of others and Borrower with respect to any Intellectual Property; (4) Borrower has used its commercially reasonable best efforts
to protect its rights in and to all Intellectual Property; (5) Borrower is in compliance with all material terms and conditions
of its agreements relating to the Intellectual Property; (6) Borrower is not, and since the Balance Sheet Date has not been, a
defendant in any action, suit, investigation or proceeding relating to infringement or misappropriation by Borrower of any Intellectual
Property nor has Borrower been notified of any alleged claim of infringement or misappropriation by Borrower of any Intellectual
Property; (7) to the knowledge of Borrower, none of the products or services Borrower is researching, developing, proposes to research
and develop, make, have made, use, or sell, infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual Property right of any third party; and
(8) to Borrower s knowledge, none of the material processes and formulae, research and development results and other know-how
relating to Borrower's business, the value of which to Borrower is contingent upon maintenance of the confidentiality thereof,
has been disclosed to any Person other than Persons bound by written confidentiality agreements. 

(b)           Section
8.21 of Borrower s Disclosure Schedule  sets forth a true and complete list of (i) all Intellectual Property owned or
claimed by Borrower, together with any and all registration or application numbers for any Intellectual Property filed or issued
by any Intellectual Property registry (and, in the case of any and all domain names registered by or on behalf of Borrower, the
names of the registrar(s) thereof) and (ii) all Intellectual Property licenses which are material to the Business of Borrower,
including licenses for standard software having a replacement value of more than $5,000. 

8.22        Employees .
Borrower has no collective bargaining agreements with any of its employees. There is no labor union organizing activity pending
or, to Borrower s knowledge, threatened with respect to Borrower. Except as set forth in  Section 8.22 of Borrower s
Disclosure Schedule , Borrower is not a party to or bound by any currently effective deferred compensation arrangement, bonus
plan, incentive plan, profit sharing plan, retirement agreement or other employee compensation plan or agreement. To Borrower s
knowledge, no employee of Borrower, nor any consultant with whom Borrower has contracted, is in violation of any material term
of any employment contract or any other contract relating to the right of any such individual to be employed by, or to contract
with, Borrower or to receive any benefits; and, to Borrower s knowledge, the continued employment by Borrower of its present
employees, and the performance of Borrower s contracts with its independent contractors, will not result in any such violation.
Except for employees who have a current effective employment agreement with Borrower, as set forth in  Section 8.22 of Borrower s
Disclosure Schedule , no employee of Borrower has been granted the right to continued employment by Borrower or to any material
compensation following termination of employment with Borrower. Borrower is not aware that any officer, director, manager, partner,
key employee or group of employees intends to terminate his, her or their employment with Borrower, nor does Borrower have a present
intention to terminate any of the same. 

8.23        Tax
Status . Borrower (i) has made or filed all federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required
by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are shown
or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and for which it
has set aside on its books a provision in the amount of such taxes being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its
books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns,
reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes payable by Borrower claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction,
and the officers of the Borrower know of no basis for any such claim. 

8.24        Representations
and Warranties: True, Accurate and Complete . None of the representations, certificates, reports, warranties or statements now
or hereafter made or delivered to Lender pursuant hereto or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the
transactions contemplated hereby contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits or will omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein and therein, in light of the circumstances in which
they are made, not misleading. 

8.25        Fees;
Brokers; Finders . There are no fees, commissions or other compensation due to any third party acting on behalf of or at the
direction of Borrower in connection with the Loan Documents except as set forth on  Section 8.25 of the Borrower s Disclosure
Schedule . All negotiations relative to the Loan Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been carried on
by the Borrower with the Lender without the intervention of any other person or entity acting on behalf of the Borrower, and in
such manner as not to give rise to any claim against the Borrower or the Lender for any finder's fee, brokerage commission or like
payment due to any third party acting on behalf of or at the direction of Borrower, and if any such fee, commission or payment
is payable, it shall be the sole responsibility of the Borrower and the Borrower shall pay, and indemnify the Lender for, the same. 

8.26        Internal
Accounting Controls . The Borrower maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15 under
the 1934 Act) that are effective, subject to the disclosure contained in the SEC Reports, in ensuring that information required
to be disclosed by the Borrower in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, including, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Borrower in the reports that it files or submits under the
1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to the Borrower's management, including its principal executive officer or officers and
its principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

8.27        Sarbanes-Oxley
Act . To the Borrower s knowledge, the Borrower is in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof. 

SECTION
9.     AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.  

Until the indefeasible
payment and satisfaction in full of all Obligations and the termination of this Agreement, Borrower hereby covenants and agrees
as follows: 

9.1          Notify
Lender . Borrower shall promptly, and in any event within three (3) Business Days of determining of any of the following, inform
Lender (a) if any one or more of the representations and warranties made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any document related
hereto shall no longer be entirely true, accurate and complete in any material respect, (b) of any Equipment which is not in good
order and repair, and in running and marketable condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, or of any Equipment that is removed
or missing from Borrower s Premises; (d) of all material adverse information relating to the financial condition of Borrower;
(e) of any material return of goods; (f) of any loss, damage or destruction of any of the Collateral, and (g) the occurrence of
an Event of Default or a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.2          Change
in Directors, Managers or Officers . Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of any changes in Borrower s directors and/or
executive officers. 

9.3          Pay
Taxes and Liabilities; Comply with Agreement . Except with respect to those certain trade accounts payable listed in  Section
9.3 of Borrower s Disclosure Schedule , Borrower shall pay, when due, and within agreed upon terms as disclosed in writing
by Borrower to Lender and agreed by Lender, or otherwise discharge, all Indebtedness, sums and liabilities of any kind now or hereafter
owing by Borrower to its employees as wages or salaries or to Lender, Governmental Authorities or any other party, however created,
incurred, evidenced, acquired, arising or payable, including, without limitation, the Obligations, income taxes, excise taxes,
sales and use taxes, license or franchise fees, and all other taxes with respect to any of the Collateral, or any wages or salaries
paid by Borrower or otherwise, unless the validity of which are being contested in good faith by Borrower by appropriate proceedings,
provided that Borrower shall have maintained reasonably adequate reserves and accrued the estimated liability on Borrower s
balance sheet for the payment of same. 

9.4          Observe
Covenants, etc . Borrower shall observe, perform and comply with the covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents. 

9.5          Maintain
Corporate Existence and Qualifications . Borrower shall maintain and preserve in full force and effect, its corporate existence
and rights, franchises, licenses and qualifications necessary to continue its business, and comply with all applicable statutes,
rules and regulations pertaining to the operation, conduct and maintenance of its existence and business including, without limitation,
all federal, state and local laws relating to benefit plans, environmental safety, or health matters, and hazardous or liquid waste
or chemicals or other liquids (including use, sale, transport and disposal thereof). 

9.6          Financial
Reports and other Information and Documents to be Furnished to Lender . Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Lender
unless such information has been timely filed with the SEC: 

(a)           Annual
Financial Statements . Annual financial statements of Borrower, certified by the Chief Financial Officer of each and audited
by an outside accounting firm acceptable to Lender, as soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end
of Borrower s Fiscal Year during the Term. Such financial statements shall (x) fairly present the financial position of Borrower
as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations, cash flows and stockholders  equity for each of the periods then
ended in all material aspects; and (y) be prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

(b)           Quarterly
Financial Statements . Quarterly financial statements of the Borrower, as soon as available but in any event no later than forty-five
(45) days after the close of each calendar quarter, consisting of the unaudited balance sheet and the related statement of income
of the Borrower, prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments, together with such other information
with respect to the business of Borrower as Lender may request. 

(c)           Monthly
Financial Statements . Not later than eighteen (18) days after the end of the first three (3) calendar months ending after the
date hereof, and thereafter not later than fifteen (15) days after the end of each subsequent calendar month, the unaudited balance
sheets and the related statements of income of Borrower, certified by the Chief Financial Officer of Borrower, subject to year-end
audit adjustments, with an aging schedule for all accounts receivable and accounts payable and a calculation of LTM EBITDA as of
the date of such financial statements, together with such other information with respect to the business of Borrower as Lender
may request. 

(d)           Bi-Monthly
Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable Aging Reports.  Twice a month, not later than the 15 th  day and the last
day of each calendar month, respectively, an aging schedule for all accounts receivable and accounts payable, in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender. 

(d)           Borrowing
Certificates . Weekly, and more frequently if so requested by Lender, a Borrowing Certificate in accordance with Section 2.1(f)
hereof. 

(e)           Securities
Filings . Within five (5) days of filing, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed
by Borrower with the SEC, any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or distributed to its
shareholders, as the case may be. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof (to the extent any such documents
are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to
have been delivered on the date on which Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on Borrower s website
on the Internet at Borrower s website address or on EDGAR; provided, however, Borrower shall promptly notify Lender in writing
(which may be by electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents; 

(f)       
    Notice of Litigation, Judgments, Environmental, Health or Safety Complaints . 

(i)          Within
five (5) Business Days after commencement or receipt by Borrower, written notice to Lender of all litigation and of all proceedings
involving the Borrower or any of its assets with respect to claims or contingent liabilities exceeding $50,000, together with a
copy of all pleadings and demands; 

(ii)         Within
five (5) Business Days thereafter, written notice to Lender of (1) the institution of any lawsuit or of other legal or equitable
proceedings or the assertion of any crossclaim or counterclaim seeking monetary damages from Borrower, in each case with respect
to claims in excess of $50,000, or (2) the entry of any judgment; and 

(iii)        Within
five (5) Business Days thereafter, notice or copies if written of all claims, complaints, orders, citations or notices, whether
formal or informal, written or oral, from a governmental body or private person or entity, relating to air emissions, water discharge,
noise emission, solid or liquid waste disposal, hazardous waste or materials, or any other environmental, health or safety matter,
which adversely affect Borrower. Such notices shall include, among other information, the name of the party who filed the claim,
the potential amount of the claim, and the nature of the claim. 

(g)           Other
Information . Upon demand, 

(i)          Certificates
of insurance for all policies of insurance to be maintained by Borrower pursuant hereto; 

(ii)         All
information received by Borrower affecting the financial status or condition of any Account Debtor or the payment of any Account,
including but not limited to, invoices, original orders, shipping and delivery receipts; and 

(iii)        An
estoppel certificate executed by an authorized officer of Borrower indicating that there then exists no Event of Default and no
event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

(h)           Additional
Information . From time to time, such other information as Lender may reasonably request, including financial projections and
cash flow analysis. 

9.7          Comply
with Laws . Borrower shall comply with the requirements of all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental
Authority, compliance with which is necessary to maintain its corporate existence or the conduct of its business or non-compliance
with which would adversely affect in any respect its ability to perform its obligations or any security given to secure its obligations. 

9.8          Insurance
Required . 

(a)          Borrower
shall cause to be maintained, in full force and effect on all property of Borrower insurance in such amounts against such risks
as is reasonably satisfactory to Lender, including, but without limitation, product liability, business interruption, liability,
casualty, fire, boiler, theft, burglary, pilferage, vandalism, malicious mischief, loss in transit, and hazard insurance and, if
as of the date hereof, any of the leased real property of Borrower is in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing
and Urban Development as having special flood or mudslide hazards, and on which the sale of flood insurance has been made available
under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, then Borrower shall maintain flood insurance. Said policy or policies shall: 

(i)          Be
in a form and with insurers which are satisfactory to Lender; 

(ii)         Be
for such risks, and for such insured values as Lender or its assigns may reasonably require in order to replace the property in
the event of actual or constructive total loss; 

(iii)        Designate
Lender as additional insured and loss payee as Lender s interest may from time to time appear; 

(iv)        Contain
a  breach of warranty clause  whereby the insurer agrees that a breach of the insuring conditions or any negligence
by Borrower or any other person shall not invalidate the insurance as to Lender and its assignee; 

(v)         Provide
that they may not be canceled or altered without thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender; and 

(vi)        Upon
demand, be delivered to Lender. 

(b)          Borrower
shall obtain such additional insurance as Lender may reasonably require. 

(c)          Borrower
shall, in the event of loss or damage, forthwith notify Lender and file proofs of loss with the appropriate insurer. Borrower hereby
authorizes Lender to endorse any checks or drafts constituting insurance proceeds. 

(d)          Borrower
shall forthwith upon receipt of insurance proceeds endorse and deliver the same to Lender. 

(e)          In
no event shall Lender be required either to (i) ascertain the existence of or examine any insurance policy or (ii) advise Borrower
in the event such insurance coverage shall not comply with the requirements of this Agreement. 

9.9          Condition
of Collateral; No Liens . Borrower shall maintain all Collateral in good condition and repair at all times, and preserve it
against any loss, damage, or destruction of any nature whatsoever, and keep said Collateral free and clear of any Liens, except
for the Permitted Encumbrances, and shall not permit Collateral to become a fixture to real estate or accessions to other personal
property. 

9.10        Payment
of Proceeds . Borrower shall forthwith upon receipt of all Proceeds of Collateral, pay such Proceeds (insurance or otherwise)
up to the amount of the then-outstanding Obligations over to Lender for application against the Obligations in such order and manner
as Lender may elect. 

9.11        Records .
Borrower shall at all times keep accurate and complete records of its operations, of the Collateral and the status of each Account,
which records shall be maintained at its executive offices as set forth on  Section 5.4(m) of Borrower s Disclosure Schedule . 

9.12        Pay
Obligations . Except with respect to those certain trade accounts payable listed in  Section 9.3 of Borrower s Disclosure
Schedule , Borrower shall promptly and timely pay all Obligations when due in accordance with the Loan Documents. 

9.13        Delivery
of Documents . If any Proceeds of Accounts shall include, or any of the Accounts shall be evidenced by, notes, trade acceptances
or instruments or documents, whether or not negotiable, then Borrower waives protest regardless of the form of the endorsement.
If Borrower fails to endorse any instrument or document, Lender is authorized to endorse it on Borrower s behalf. 

9.14        SEC
Reporting Status.  Borrower shall timely file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the 1934 Act. 

9.15        Further
Assurances . Borrower shall at any time or from time to time upon request of Lender take such steps and execute and deliver
such Financing Statements and other documents (including, without limitation, original title certificates of motor vehicles included
in the Collateral and certificates of title with respect to any other Collateral, subject in each case to certificate of title
statutes in the United States) all in the form and substance satisfactory to Lender relating to the creation, validity or perfection
of the security interests provided for herein, under the UCC or which are reasonably necessary to effectuate the purposes and provisions
of this Agreement. Borrower shall defend the right, title and interest of Lender in and to the Collateral against the claims and
demands of all Persons whomsoever, and take such actions, including (i) all actions necessary to grant Lender  control 
of any Investment Property, Deposit Accounts, Letter-of-Credit Rights or Electronic Chattel Paper owned by it, with any agreements
establishing control to be in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, (ii) the prompt (but in no event later than two (2) Business
Days following Lender s request therefor) delivery to Lender of all original Instruments, Chattel Paper, negotiable Documents
and certificated Securities owned by it (in each case, accompanied by stock powers, allonges or other instruments of transfer executed
in blank), (iii) notification of Lender s interest in Collateral at Lender s request, and (iv) the institution of litigation
against third parties as shall be prudent in order to protect and preserve Borrower s and/or Lender s respective and
several interests in the Collateral. 

9.16        Indemnification .
Borrower shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold Lender, and Lender s members, managers, directors, officers, employees,
agents, attorneys, and representatives (each, an   Indemnified Party  ) harmless from and against any and all
claims, demands, suits, judgments, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses, costs and fees (including reasonable attorneys 
fees) and liabilities of any kind or nature relating to, resulting from, arising out of or in connection with the Loan Documents
and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents. If a claim or action shall be brought against an Indemnified Party based
upon any of the above, the Indemnified Party shall select counsel to defend such claim or action. Borrower shall be responsible
for payment of all costs and expenses of such counsel selected by the Indemnified Party and all costs and expenses incurred by
the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party and counsel selected by the Indemnified Party shall defend, compromise, settle or
purse such claim or action at Borrower s expense. The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement
and the final repayment of the Obligations. 

9.17        Name
Changes; Location Changes . 

(a)          Subject
to Section 10.11 ( Change of Business or Name ), Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of any changes in the name of
Borrower or if Borrower is known by or conducting business under any names other than those set forth in this Agreement. 

(b)          Borrower
shall deliver not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender if Borrower intends to conduct any of its Business
or operations at or out of offices or locations other than those set forth in  Section 5.4(m) of the Borrower s Disclosure
Schedule , or if it changes the location of its chief executive office or the address at which it maintains its books and records. 

9.18        Borrower
Financial Covenants . 

(a)           Adjusted
Gross Revenues . Borrower will maintain (i) minimum monthly gross revenues of not less than eighty percent (80%) of the projected
monthly plan provided by Borrower to Lender prior to the date hereof and annexed hereto as  Exhibit 9.18(a) , as measured
monthly as of the last day of each month during the Term, and (ii) minimum quarterly gross revenues of not less than eighty-five
percent (85%) of the projected quarterly plan provided by Borrower to Lender prior to the date hereof and annexed hereto as  Exhibit
9.18(a) , as measured quarterly as of the last day of each fiscal quarter during the Term . 

(b)           EBITDA .
Borrower will maintain minimum quarterly EBITDA of not less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the projected quarterly plan provided
by Borrower to Lender prior to the date hereof and annexed hereto as  Exhibit 9.18(b) , as measured quarterly as of the last
day of each fiscal quarter during the Term. 

SECTION
10.     NEGATIVE COVENANTS.  

Until
payment and satisfaction in full of all Obligations and the termination of this Agreement, Borrower hereby covenants and agrees
as follows:  

10.1        Change
of Control; No Creation of Subsidiaries . Borrower will not consolidate with, merge with, or acquire the stock or a material
portion of the assets of any person, firm, joint venture, partnership, corporation, or other entity, whether by merger, consolidation,
purchase of stock or otherwise if any such action results in a Change of Control (as defined below). Borrower will not create or
permit to exist any Subsidiary unless such new Subsidiary is a wholly-owned Subsidiary and is designated by Lender as either a
co-borrower or guarantor hereunder and such Subsidiary shall have entered into all such documentation required by Lender, including,
without limitation, to grant to Lender a first priority perfected security interest in substantially all of such Subsidiary s
assets to secure the Obligations. In addition, Borrower will not acquire a material portion of the assets of any entity in a manner
that is not addressed by the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.1 if such action would impair Lender s rights hereunder
or in the Collateral. 

A   Change of Control  
shall be deemed to have occurred if: 

(i)          any
 Person,  which shall mean a  person  as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 1934 Act,
or group of Persons, other than Persons that are holders of voting securities of the Borrower as of the date of the execution of
this Agreement, is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly,
of securities of Borrower representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of Borrower s then outstanding voting securities; 

(ii)         individuals,
who at the Closing Date constitute the Board of Directors or the managers of Borrower, and any new director or manager whose election
by the Board of Directors or managers of Borrower, or whose nomination for election by Borrower s equity holders, was approved
by a vote of at least one-half (1/2) of the directors or managers then in office (other than in connection with a contested election),
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors or managers of Borrower; 

(iii)        the
stockholders or members of Borrower approve (I) a plan of complete liquidation of Borrower or (II) the sale or other disposition
by Borrower of all or substantially all of Borrower s assets; or 

(iv)        a
merger or consolidation of Borrower with any other entity is consummated, other than: 

(A)         a
merger or consolidation which results in the voting securities of Borrower outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to
represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50%
of the combined voting power of the surviving entity's outstanding voting securities immediately after such merger or consolidation;
or 

(B)         a
merger or consolidation which would result in the directors or managers of Borrower (who were directors or managers immediately
prior thereto) continuing to constitute more than 50% of all directors or managers of the surviving entity immediately after such
merger or consolidation. 

In this paragraph (iv),  surviving
entity  shall mean only an entity in which all of Borrower s equity holders immediately before such merger or consolidation
(determined without taking into account any equity holders properly exercising appraisal or similar rights) become stockholders
by the terms of such merger or consolidation, and the phrase  directors or managers of Borrower (who were directors or managers
immediately prior thereto)  shall include only individuals who were directors or managers of Borrower at the Closing Date. 

10.2        Disposition
of Assets or Collateral . Borrower will not sell, lease, transfer, convey, or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets
or Collateral, other than the sale of Equipment in accordance with Lender s prior written consent under Section 5.4(e) hereof. 

10.3        Other
Liens . Borrower will not incur, create or permit to exist any Lien on any of its property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, except for (a) those Liens in favor of Lender created by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (b) the
Permitted Encumbrances. 

10.4        Other
Liabilities . Borrower will not incur, create, assume, or permit to exist, any Indebtedness or liability on account of either
borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property, except (i) Obligations to Lender, (ii) debt expressly subordinated to
Borrower s Obligations to Lender pursuant to a subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Lender or (iii)
Permitted Indebtedness. 

10.5        Loans .
Borrower will not make any loans to any Person, other than advances to employees of Borrower in the ordinary course of business,
with outstanding advances to any employee not to exceed $5,000 at any time. 

10.6        Guaranties .
Borrower will not assume, guaranty, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise become liable upon the obligation of any
Person, except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course
of business. 

10.7        Transfers
of Notes or Accounts . Borrower will not sell, assign, transfer, discount or otherwise dispose of any Accounts or any promissory
note payable to Borrower, with or without recourse. 

10.8        Dividends .
Borrower will not declare or pay any cash dividend, make any distribution on, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly,
any shares of its stock or other Equity Interests without the prior written consent of Lender. 

10.9        Payments
to Affiliates . Except as set forth in  Section 10.9 of the Borrower s Disclosure Schedule , or as otherwise approved
by Lender in writing in advance, Borrower shall not make any payments of cash or other property to any Affiliate. 

10.10     Modification
of Documents . Borrower will not change, alter or modify, or permit any change, alteration or modification of its Organizational
Documents in any manner that might adversely affect Lender s rights hereunder as a secured lender or its Collateral without
Lender's prior written consent. 

10.11     Change
Business or Name . Borrower will not engage in any business other than the Business, or change its name as it appears in the
official filings of its state of organization. 

10.12     Settlements .
Other than in the ordinary course of its business, Borrower will not compromise, settle or adjust any claims in any amount relating
to any of the Collateral, without the prior written consent of Lender. 

SECTION
11.     EVENTS OF DEFAULT.  

The occurrence of
any of the following shall constitute an event of default (hereinafter referred to as an   Event of Default  ): 

11.1        Failure
to Pay . The failure by Borrower to pay, when due, (a) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other charges due and owing
to Lender pursuant to any obligations of Borrower to Lender including, without limitation, those Obligations arising pursuant to
this Agreement or any Loan Document, or under any other agreement for the payment of monies then due and payable to Lender, where
such failure to pay continues for a period of more than three (3) calendar days, or (b) any taxes due to any Governmental Authority
where such failure to pay continues for a period of more than ten (10) calendar days. 

11.2        Failure
of Insurance . Failure of one or more of the insurance policies required hereunder to remain in full force and effect; failure
on the part of Borrower to pay or cause to be paid all premiums when due on the insurance policies pursuant to this Agreement;
failure on the part of Borrower to take such other action as may be requested by Lender in order to keep said policies of insurance
in full force and effect until all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full; and failure on the part of Borrower to execute
any and all documentation required by the insurance companies issuing said policies, in each case, which failure continues for
a period of more than ten (10) Business Days. 

11.3        Failure
to Perform . Borrower s failure to perform or observe any material covenant, term or condition of this Agreement or in
any other Loan Document. 

11.4        Cross
Default . Borrower s breach of (a) any obligation of Borrower   to Colgan Financial Group, Lincoln Park Capital or
Redwood Fund LP, if such breach, if uncured or unwaived, would trigger acceleration of the obligations of Borrower thereunder and
continues for a period of more than ten (10) calendar days, or (b) any Recurring Revenue Contract, which breach continues for a
period of more than ten (10) calendar days, or (c) any Material Contract other than a Recurring Revenue Contract, if such breach,
if uncured or unwaived, would trigger termination of such Material Contract and such breach continues for a period of more than
ten (10) calendar days 

11.5        False
Representation or Warranty . Borrower shall have made any statement, representation or warranty in this Agreement or in any
other Loan Document to which Borrower is a party or in a certificate executed by Borrower incident to this Agreement, which is
at any time found to have been false in any material respect at the time such representation or warranty was made. 

11.6        Liquidation,
Voluntary Bankruptcy, Dissolution, Assignment to Creditors . Any resolution shall be passed or any action (including a meeting
of creditors) shall be taken by Borrower for the termination, winding up, liquidation or dissolution of Borrower, or Borrower shall
make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or Borrower shall file a petition in voluntary liquidation or bankruptcy, or Borrower
shall file a petition or answer or consent seeking, or consenting to, the reorganization of Borrower or the readjustment of any
of the indebtedness of Borrower under any applicable insolvency or bankruptcy laws now or hereafter existing (including the United
States Bankruptcy Code), or Borrower shall consent to the appointment of any receiver, administrator, liquidator, custodian or
trustee of all or any part of the property or assets of Borrower or any corporate or limited liability company action shall be
taken by Borrower for the purposes of effecting any of the foregoing. 

11.7        Involuntary
Petition Against Borrower . Any petition or application for any relief is filed against Borrower under applicable insolvency
or bankruptcy laws now or hereafter existing (including the United States Bankruptcy Code) or under any insolvency, reorganization,
receivership, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction now or hereafter in effect (whether
at law or in equity), and is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days of the filing thereof. 

11.8        Judgments;
Levies . Judgments or attachments aggregating in excess of $10,000 at any given time are obtained against Borrower which remain
unstayed or unsatisfied for a period of ten (10) days or are enforced. 

11.9        Change
in Condition . There occurs any event or a change in the condition or affairs, financial or otherwise, of Borrower which, in
the reasonable opinion of Lender, impairs Lender's security or the ability of Borrower to discharge its obligations hereunder or
any other Loan Document or which impairs the rights of Lender in the Collateral. 

11.10     Environmental
Claims . Lender determines that any Environmental Liabilities and Costs or Environmental Lien with respect to Borrower will
have a potentially adverse effect on the financial condition of Borrower or on the Collateral. 

11.11     Failure
to Notify . If at any time Borrower fails to provide Lender within ten (10) Business Days of Borrower s receipt thereof
with notice or copies, if written, of all complaints, orders, citations or notices with respect to environmental, health or safety
complaints. 

11.12     Failure
to Deliver Documentation . Borrower shall fail to obtain and deliver to Lender within ten (10) Business Days of Lender s
request any other documentation required to be signed or obtained as part of this Agreement, or shall have failed to take any reasonable
action requested by Lender to perfect, protect, preserve and maintain the security interests and Lien on the Collateral provided
for herein. 

11.13     Change
of Control . Borrower undergoes a Change of Control. 

11.14     [RESERVED]  

11.15     Dissolution;
Maintenance of Existence . Borrower is dissolved, or Borrower fails to maintain its corporate existence in good standing, or
the usual business of Borrower ceases or is suspended in any respect. 

11.16     Indictment .
The indictment of Borrower or any director or Responsible Officer of Borrower under any criminal statute, or commencement of criminal
or civil proceedings against Borrower, pursuant to which statute or proceedings the penalties or remedies sought or available include
forfeiture of any material portion of the property of Borrower. 

11.17     Tax
Liens . The filing of a Lien for any unpaid taxes filed by any Governmental Authority against Borrower or any of its assets
if uncured or unwaived for a period of more than ten (10) calendar days. 

11.18     Challenge
to Validity of Loan Documents . Borrower attempts to terminate, or challenges the validity of, or its liability under, this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any proceeding shall be brought to challenge the validity, binding effect of any Loan
Document, or any Loan Document ceases to be a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Borrower. 

11.19     Claims
Against Lender . Any claims asserted by the Borrower seeking to challenge the Loan Documents or Lender s Liens in the
Collateral, or otherwise commencing any cause of action against the Lender. 

11.20     Termination
of Guarantee.  The Guarantee shall have terminated. 

SECTION
12.   REMEDIES.    

12.1       Acceleration;
Other Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default: 

(a)          Lender
shall have all rights and remedies provided in this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, the UCC or other applicable law,
all of which rights and remedies may be exercised without notice to Borrower, all such notices being hereby waived, except such
notice as is expressly provided for hereunder or is not waivable under applicable law. All rights and remedies of Lender are cumulative
and not exclusive and are enforceable, in Lender's discretion, alternatively, successively, or concurrently on any one or more
occasions and in any order Lender may determine. Without limiting the foregoing, Lender may (i) accelerate the payment of all Obligations
and demand immediate payment thereof to Lender, (ii) with or without judicial process or the aid or assistance of others, enter
upon any premises on or in which any of the Collateral may be located and take possession of the Collateral or complete processing,
manufacturing and repair of all or any portion of the Collateral, (iii) require Borrower, at Borrower s expense, to
assemble and make available to Lender any part or all of the Collateral at any place and time designated by Lender, (iv) collect,
foreclose, receive, appropriate, setoff and realize upon any and all Collateral, (v) notify Account Debtors or other obligors to
make payment directly to Lender, or notify bailees as to the disposition of Collateral, (vi) extend the time of payment of, compromise
or settle for cash, credit, return of merchandise, and upon any terms or conditions, any and all Accounts or other Collateral which
includes a monetary obligation and discharge or release the Account Debtor or other obligor, without affecting any of the Obligations,
and (vii) sell, lease, transfer, assign, deliver or otherwise dispose of any and all Collateral (including, without limitation,
entering into contracts with respect thereto, by public or private sales at any exchange, broker's board, any office of Lender
or elsewhere) at such prices or terms as Lender may deem reasonable, for cash, upon credit or for future delivery, with Lender
having the right to purchase the whole or any part of the Collateral at any such public sale, all of the foregoing being free from
any right or equity of redemption of Borrower, which right or equity of redemption is hereby expressly waived and released by Borrower.
If any of the Collateral or other security for the Obligations is sold or leased by Lender upon credit terms or for future delivery,
the Obligations shall not be reduced as a result thereof until payment therefor is finally collected by Lender. If notice of disposition
of Collateral is required by law, ten (10) days prior notice by Lender to Borrower designating the time and place of any public
sale or the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition of Collateral is to be made, shall be deemed to be
reasonable notice thereof and Borrower waives any other notice. In the event Lender institutes an action to recover any Collateral
or seeks recovery of any Collateral by way of prejudgment remedy, Borrower waives the posting of any bond which might otherwise
be required. In addition to the foregoing and without limitation to any other provision hereof, Borrower hereby grants Lender its
assignee or any of its representatives and also grants to any purchasers of any Collateral at any public or private sale conducted
by Lender, the right and license, for a period of up to ninety (90) days commencing on the date of the conclusion of such public
or private sale conducted by Lender, to use all of the Borrower s names, trade names, business names and trademarks, to enter
upon and use the premises where the Collateral is located and to do with the Collateral so purchased, any or all of the Permitted
Actions at no cost to Lender and at no cost to any purchaser of any Collateral at a public or private sale conducted by Lender
or by any purchaser of any Collateral. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing rights of Lender and any purchasers
of Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale conducted by Lender shall survive the Term. 

(b)          Lender
may apply the Proceeds of Collateral actually received by Lender from any sale, lease, foreclosure or other disposition of the
Collateral to payment of any of the Obligations, in whole or in part (including attorneys' fees and legal expenses incurred by
Lender with respect thereto or otherwise chargeable to Borrower) and in such order as Lender may elect, whether or not then due.
Borrower shall remain liable to Lender for the payment on demand of any deficiency together with interest at the Default Interest
Rate and all costs and expenses of collection or enforcement, including reasonable attorneys' fees and legal expenses. 

(c)          Lender
may, at its option, cure any default by Borrower under any agreement with a third party or pay or bond on appeal any judgment entered
against Borrower, discharge taxes and Liens at any time levied on or existing with respect to the Collateral, and pay any amount,
incur any expense or perform any act which, in Lender's sole and absolute judgment, is necessary or appropriate to preserve, protect,
insure, maintain, or realize upon the Collateral. Such amounts paid by Lender shall be repayable by Borrower on demand and added
to the Obligations, with interest payable thereon at the Default Interest Rate. Lender shall be under no obligation to effect such
cure, payment, bonding or discharge, and shall not, by doing so, be deemed to have assumed any obligation or liability of Borrower. 

(d)          Lender
and Lender s agents shall have the right to utilize any of Borrower s customer lists, registered names, trade names
or trademarks to publicly advertise, sell, lease, transfer, assign, deliver or otherwise dispose of any and all Collateral and
Borrower will be deemed to have waived and voided any confidentiality agreements by and between Borrower and Lender. 

12.2        Set-off .
Lender shall have the right, immediately and without notice of other action, to set-off against any of Borrower s liabilities
to Lender any money or other liability owed by Lender or any Affiliate of Lender (and such Affiliate of Lender is hereby authorized
to effect such set-off) in any capacity to Borrower, whether or not due, and Lender or such Affiliate shall be deemed to have exercised
such right of set-off and to have made a charge against any such money or other liability immediately upon the occurrence of such
Event of Default even though the actual book entries may be made at a time subsequent thereto. The right of set-off granted hereunder
shall be effective irrespective of whether Lender shall have made demand under or in connection with the Loans. None of the rights
of Lender described in this Section are intended to diminish or limit in any way Lender's or Affiliates of Lender's common-law
set-off rights. 

12.3        Costs
and Expenses . Borrower shall be liable for all costs, charges and expenses, including attorney's fees and disbursements, incurred
by Lender by reason of the occurrence of any Event of Default or the exercise of Lender's remedies with respect thereto, each of
which shall be repayable by Borrower on demand with interest at the Default Interest Rate, and added to the Obligations. 

12.4        No
Marshalling . Lender shall be under no obligation whatsoever to proceed first against any of the Collateral or other property
which is security for the Obligations before proceeding against any other of the Collateral. It is expressly understood and agreed
that all of the Collateral or other property which is security for the Obligations stands as equal security for all Obligations,
and that Lender shall have the right to proceed against any or all of the Collateral or other property which is security for the
Obligations in any order, or simultaneously, as in its sole and absolute discretion it shall determine. It is further understood
and agreed that Lender shall have the right to sell any or all of the Collateral or other property which is security for the Obligations
in any order or simultaneously, as Lender shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion. 

12.5        No
Implied Waivers; Rights Cumulative . No delay on the part of Lender in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
or under any other Loan Document or provided by statute or at law or in equity or otherwise shall impair, prejudice or constitute
a waiver of any such right, remedy, power or privilege or be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default or as an acquiescence
therein. No right, remedy, power or privilege conferred on or reserved to Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document or
otherwise is intended to be exclusive of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. Each and every right, remedy, power or privilege
conferred on or reserved to Lender under this Agreement or under any of the other Loan Documents or otherwise shall be cumulative
and in addition to each and every other right, remedy, power or privilege so conferred on or reserved to Lender and may be exercised
by Lender at such time or times and in such order and manner as Lender shall (in its sole and absolute discretion) deem expedient. 

SECTION
13.    OTHER RIGHTS OF LENDER.  

13.1        Collections .
Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to, and Lender shall make such arrangements as it shall deem necessary or appropriate to, collect
the Accounts and any other monetary obligations included in, or Proceeds of, the Collateral at any time whether or not an Event
of Default has occurred. Borrower shall, at Borrower s expense and in the manner requested by Lender from time to time, direct
that remittances and all other Proceeds of accounts and other Collateral up to the amount of the then-current Obligations shall
be (a) remitted in kind to Lender, (b) sent to a post office box designated by and/or in the name of Lender, or in the name of
Borrower, but as to which access is limited to Lender and/or (c) deposited into a bank account maintained in the name of Lender
and/or a blocked bank account under arrangements with the depository bank under which all funds deposited to such blocked bank
account are required to be transferred solely to Lender. In connection therewith, Borrower shall execute such post office box and/or
blocked bank account agreements as Lender shall specify. 

13.2        Repayment
of Obligations . All Obligations shall be payable at Lender's office set forth below or at a bank or such other place as Lender
may expressly designate from time to time for purposes of this Section. Lender shall apply all payments received from Borrower
and all Proceeds of Accounts or other Collateral received by Lender and all other payments in respect of the Obligations to the
Loans whether or not then due or to any other Obligations then due, in whatever order or manner Lender shall determine. 

13.3        Lender
Appointed Attorney-in-Fact . 

(a)          Borrower
hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Lender, with full power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with
full irrevocable power and authority in its place and stead and in its name or otherwise, from time to time in Lender's discretion,
at Borrower s sole cost and expense, until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full, to take any and all appropriate
action and to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments which Lender may deem reasonably necessary or advisable
to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) at any time any
of the Obligations are outstanding, (A) to transmit to Account Debtors, other obligors or any bailees notice of the interest of
Lender in the Collateral or request from Account Debtors or such other obligors or bailees at any time, in the name of Borrower
or Lender or any designee of Lender, information concerning the Collateral and any amounts owing with respect thereto; (B) to execute
in the name of Borrower and file against Borrower in favor of Lender Financing Statements or amendments with respect to the Collateral,
or record a copy or an excerpt hereof in the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office and
to take all other steps as are necessary in the reasonable opinion of Lender under applicable law to perfect the security interests
granted herein; and (C) to pay or discharge Taxes, Liens, security interests or other encumbrances levied or placed on or threatened
against the Collateral; and (ii) after and during the continuation of an Event of Default, (A) to receive, take, endorse, assign,
deliver, accept and deposit, in the name of Lender or Borrower, any and all cash, checks, commercial paper, drafts, remittances
and other instruments and documents relating to the Collateral or the Proceeds thereof, (B) to notify Account Debtors or other
obligors to make payment directly to Lender, or notify bailees as to the disposition of Collateral, (C) to change the address for
delivery of mail to Borrower and to receive and open mail addressed to Borrower, (D) take or bring, in the name of Lender or Borrower,
all steps, actions, suits or proceedings deemed by Lender necessary or desirable to effect collection of or other realization upon
the Collateral; (E) to obtain and adjust insurance required pursuant to this Agreement and to pay all or any part of the premiums
therefor and the costs thereof, (F) to assemble, market and/or sell any Collateral, (G) to take any and all action and to execute
and deliver any and all documents and instruments which Lender may deem reasonably necessary or advisable to (a) accomplish the
purposes of perfecting, continuing and preserving, a continuing first priority security interest in any of the Collateral in favor
of Lender, and (b) effect a transfer of any of the Collateral to Lender or to Lender s designees, and (H) to extend the time
of payment of, compromise or settle for cash, credit, return of merchandise, and upon any terms or conditions, any and all Accounts
or other Collateral which includes a monetary obligation and discharge or release the Account Debtor or other obligor, without
affecting any of the Obligations. 

(b)          Borrower
hereby ratifies, to the extent permitted by law, all that Lender shall lawfully and in good faith do or cause to be done by virtue
of and in compliance with this Agreement. The powers of attorney granted pursuant to this Agreement are each a power coupled with
an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Obligations are paid indefeasibly in full. Borrower shall promptly comply with Lender s
requests, including, without limitation, any request to provide Lender with access to Borrower s premises, to enable Lender
to exercise its remedies in accordance with Section 13.3(a). 

13.4        Release
of Lender . Borrower hereby releases and exculpates Lender, its officers, partners, members, directors, employees, agents, representatives
and designees, from any liability arising from any acts or occurrences under this Agreement or in furtherance thereof, whether
as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, whether of omission or commission, and whether based upon any error of judgment or mistake of
law or fact, except for gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable order from a court of
competent jurisdiction. In no event will Lender have any liability to Borrower for lost profits or other special or consequential
damages. 

13.5        Uniform
Commercial Code . At all times prior and subsequent to an Event of Default hereinafter, Lender shall be entitled to all the
rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC with respect to all Collateral. 

13.6        Preservation
of Collateral . At all times prior and subsequent to an Event of Default hereinafter, Lender may (but without any obligation
to do so) take any and all action which in its sole and absolute discretion is necessary and proper to preserve its interest in
the Collateral, including without limitation the payment of debts of Borrower which might, in Lender's sole and absolute discretion,
impair the Collateral or Lender's security interest therein, and the sums so expended by Lender shall be secured by the Collateral,
shall be added to the amount of the Obligations due Lender and shall be payable on demand with interest at the rate applicable
to the Revolving Loan set forth in Section 3.1 hereof from the date expended by Lender until repaid by Borrower. After written
notice by Lender to Borrower and automatically, without notice, after an Event of Default, Borrower shall not, without the prior
written consent of Lender in each instance, (a) grant any extension of time of payment of any Accounts, (b) compromise
or settle any Accounts for less than the full amount thereof, (c) release in whole or in part any Account Debtor or other person
liable for the payment of any of the Accounts or any such other Collateral, or (d) grant any credits, discounts, allowances,
deductions, return authorizations or the like with respect to any of the Accounts. 

13.7        Lender's
Right to Cure . In the event Borrower shall fail to perform any of its Obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document,
then Lender, in addition to all of its rights and remedies hereunder, may perform the same, but shall not be obligated to do so,
at the cost and expense of Borrower. Such costs and expenses shall be added to the amount of the Obligations due Lender, and Borrower
shall promptly reimburse Lender for such amounts together with interest at the Default Interest Rate from the date such sums are
expended until repaid by Borrower. 

13.8        Inspection
of Collateral; Access to Records . From time to time as requested by Lender, Lender or its designee shall have access, (a) prior
to an Event of Default, at the sole expense of Borrower, during reasonable business hours to all of the premises where Collateral
is located for the purpose of inspecting the Collateral and to all of Borrower s Collateral, and all books and records of
Borrower, and Borrower shall permit Lender or Lender s designees to make copies of such books and records or extracts therefrom
as Lender may request, and (b) on or after an Event of Default, at the sole expense of Borrower, at any time, to all of the premises
where Collateral is located for the purposes of inspecting, disposing and realizing upon the Collateral, and all Borrower s
books and records, and Borrower shall permit Lender or its designee to make such copies of such books and records or extracts therefrom
as Lender may request. Without expense to Lender, Lender may use such of Borrower s personnel, equipment, including computer
equipment, programs, printed output and computer readable media, supplies and premises for the realization on Collateral as Lender,
in its reasonable discretion prior to an Event of Default and in its sole and absolute discretion after an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, deems appropriate. Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes all accountants and third parties to disclose
and deliver to Lender at Borrower s expense all financial information, books and records, work papers, management reports
and other information in its possession regarding Borrower. 

SECTION
14.    PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION.  

14.1        Waivers .
Borrower waives demand, presentment, notice of dishonor or protest and notice of protest of any instrument of Borrower or others
which may be included in the Collateral. 

14.2        Survival .
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by Borrower herein or in any other Loan Document or in any certificate,
report or instrument contemplated hereby shall survive any independent investigation made by Lender and the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, and such certificates, reports or instruments and shall continue so long as any Obligations are outstanding
and unsatisfied, applicable statutes of limitations to the contrary notwithstanding. 

14.3        Notices .
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto shall be in writing and either (a) delivered by registered
or certified mail, (b) delivered by hand, or (c) delivered by national overnight courier service with next Business Day delivery,
and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made (i) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit
in the United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid, (ii) one (1) Business
Day after deposit with a national overnight courier with all charges prepaid, or (iii) when hand-delivered. All notices, requests
and demands are to be given or made to the respective parties at the following addresses (or to such other addresses as either
party may designate by notice in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph): 

If to Borrower: 

Greenwood Hall, Inc. 

 12424 Wilshire Boulevard 

 Suite 1030, Los Angeles, CA 90025 

 Attention: Dr. John Hall 

With a copy to: 

Drinker Biddle   Reath LLP 

 1800 Century Park East 

 Suite 1500 

 Los Angeles, CA 90067 

 Attention: Alan A. Lanis, Jr., Esq. 

If to Lender: 

Moriah Education Management LLC 

 1 University Plaza 

 Suite 407 

 Hackensack, NJ 07601 

 Attention: Greg Zilberstein 

With a copy to: 

Cohen Tauber Spievack   Wagner P.C. 

 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2400 

 New York, New York 10170 

 Attention: Adam Stein 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, that parties
expressly acknowledge and agree that foregoing provisions of notice by Lender to Borrower s counsel is an accommodation only,
and that Lender shall have fulfilled its notice obligation hereunder if notice shall have been received by Borrower at the address
set forth above, irrespective of whether such notice is received by Borrower s counsel. 

14.4        Amendments;
Waiver of Defaults . The terms of this Agreement shall not be amended, waived, altered, modified, supplemented or terminated
in any manner whatsoever except by a written instrument signed by Lender and Borrower. Any default or Event of Default by Borrower
may only be waived by a written instrument specifically describing such default or Event of Default and signed by the Lender. 

14.5        Binding
on Successors . 

(a)          This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, provided,
however, that Borrower may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to any
Person without the prior written consent of Lender. 

(b)          Lender
may assign any or all of the Obligations together with any or all of the security therefor to any Person and any such assignee
shall succeed to all of Lender s rights with respect thereto. Lender shall notify Borrower of any such assignment. Upon such
assignment, Lender shall have no further obligations under the Loan Documents. Lender may from time to time sell or otherwise grant
participations in any of the Obligations and the holder of any such participation shall, subject to the terms of any agreement
between Lender and such holder, be entitled to the same benefits as Lender with respect to any security for the Obligations in
which such holder is a participant. 

14.6        Invalidity .
Any provision of this Agreement which may be determined by competent authority to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining
provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

14.7        Publicity .
Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangement entered into by and between Borrower
and Lender, including, without limitation, announcements which are commonly known as tombstones, in such publications and to such
selected parties as Lender shall in its sole and absolute discretion deem appropriate, or as required by applicable law. Lender
hereby authorizes Borrower to disclose the material terms of this Agreement, including, but not limited to the name of Lender,
in Borrower s SEC filings, subject to Lender s prior review and approval of the sections thereof relating to this Agreement,
and to file the material Loan Documents as exhibits thereto to the extent required under applicable law. 

14.8        Section
or Paragraph Headings . Section and paragraph headings are for convenience only and shall not be construed as part of this Agreement. 

14.9         APPLICABLE
LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
THE LAWS OF WHICH THE BORROWER HEREBY EXPRESSLY ELECTS TO APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PROVISIONS FOR CHOICE
OF LAW THEREUNDER. THE BORROWER AGREES THAT ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO ENFORCE OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL
BE COMMENCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  

14.10       WAIVER
OF JURY TRIA L. BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA OR ANY STATE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY AND ALL ISSUES ARISING EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
BETWEEN BORROWER AND LENDER OR THEIR SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS AND/OR THE COLLATERAL. IT IS INTENDED THAT SAID WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY AND ALL DEFENSES, RIGHTS,
AND/OR COUNTERCLAIMS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDINGS BETWEEN BORROWER AND LENDER. BORROWER WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO INTERPOSE ANY CLAIMS,
DEDUCTIONS, SETOFFS OR COUNTERCLAIMS OF ANY KIND, NATURE OR DESCRIPTION IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INSTITUTED BY LENDER WITH RESPECT
TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS, THE COLLATERAL OR ANY MATTER ARISING THEREFROM OR RELATING THERETO,
EXCEPT COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIMS.  

14.11       CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION . BORROWER HEREBY (a) IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL
COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, NEW YORK COUNTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT,
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS AND/OR THE COLLATERAL OR ANY MATTER ARISING THEREFROM OR RELATING THERETO, AND (b) WAIVES
ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS WITH RESPECT THERETO. IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING,
BORROWER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS AND PAPERS THEREIN AND AGREES THAT THE SERVICE THEREOF
MAY BE MADE BY CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, DIRECTED TO BORROWER AT ITS OFFICES SET FORTH HEREIN OR OTHER ADDRESS
THEREOF OF WHICH LENDER HAS RECEIVED NOTICE AS PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, BORROWER CONSENTS TO
THE COMMENCEMENT BY LENDER OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE LENDER S RIGHTS AND BORROWER
WAIVES ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND/OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR
PROCEEDING.  

14.12      Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any supplements or amendments hereto or thereto, and any instruments or
documents delivered or to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith contains the entire agreement and understanding concerning
the subject matter hereof and thereof between the parties hereto, and supersede all other prior agreements, understandings, negotiations
and discussions, representations, warranties, commitments, proposals, offers and contracts concerning the subject matter hereof,
whether oral or written. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any schedule or exhibit hereto,
the terms of this Agreement shall govern. 

14.13     Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile or other electronic signatures, each of which when so executed,
shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

14.14     Joint
and Several Obligations.  If more than one Person is a Borrower hereunder, the following shall apply: 

(a)          All
Obligations, covenants and liabilities of Borrower hereunder shall be the joint and several Obligations, covenants and liabilities
of each Borrower. All representations and warranties of Borrower hereunder shall be deemed made by each Borrower with respect to
such Borrower. The Borrower shall make payment upon the maturity of the Obligations by acceleration or otherwise, and such obligation
and liability on the part of the Borrower shall in no way be affected by the failure of Lender to pursue or preserve its rights
against any Borrower or the release by Lender of any Collateral now or thereafter acquired from any Borrower. 

(b)          Each
Borrower expressly waives any and all rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnity, exoneration, contribution or any other claim
which such Borrower may now or hereafter have against any other Borrower or against any other Person directly or contingently liable
for the Obligations until all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full as determined by Lender. 

(c)          Each
Borrower represents and warrants to Lender that (i) the Borrowers have one or more common or affiliated shareholders, directors
and officers, (ii) the businesses and corporate activities of each Borrower are closely related to, and substantially benefit,
the business and corporate activities of the other, (iii) each Borrower will receive a substantial economic benefit from entering
into this Agreement and will receive a substantial economic benefit from the application of the Loan hereunder, in each case, whether
or not such amount is used directly by such Borrower and (iv) the Loans made hereunder are for the exclusive and indivisible benefit
of the Borrower as though, for purposes of this Agreement, the Borrowers constituted a single entity.] 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK]  

EXECUTION   

  IN WITNESS
WHEREOF , this Loan and Security Agreement has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWERS :   

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ John Hall   

Name: John R. Hall   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

PCS LINK, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ John Hall   

Name: John R. Hall   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

LENDER:    

MORIAH EDUCATION MANAGEMENT LLC    

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

[SIGNATURE PAGE - LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT]  

Exhibit 2.4   

Use of Proceeds   Payment of
Indebtedness   

Exhibit 6.14   

Payment of Existing Subordinated Debt   

Exhibit 9.18(a) and (b)   

Minimum Gross Revenues and Minimum
EBDTA   

[ATTACHED]   

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 3
 s104854_ex10-20.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20

Exhibit 10.20  

EXECUTION 

PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  

THIS PLEDGE AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT  dated as of this __ day of October 2016 (the   Pledge Agreement  ) is made by GREENWOOD HALL, INC.,
a Nevada corporation (  Pledgor  ), in favor of MORIAH EDUCATION MANAGEMENT LLC, a Delaware   limited liability
company (  Lender  ). 

RECITALS:  

A.           PCS
Link., Inc., a California corporation (the   Greenwood Subsidiary  ), is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Pledgor. 

B.           Pledgor
desires that Lender establish a credit facility for the Borrowers (defined below) pursuant to the Loan Agreement (defined below). 

C.           Lender
has conditioned its willingness to enter into the Loan Documents upon the fulfillment of certain conditions, among them that Pledgor
enter into this Pledge Agreement. To induce Lender to enter into the Loan Documents, Pledgor has agreed to execute and deliver
this Pledge Agreement and to grant Lender a first priority and perfected security interest in and lien on the Securities Collateral
(defined below, which is a part of the Collateral) as additional security for the payment and performance of all of the Obligations,
in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 

Accordingly, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the
existence, receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions. 
As used in this Pledge Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings respectively assigned to them below,
which meanings shall be applicable equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms so defined: 

Capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings set forth in that certain Loan and Security Agreement of even date herewith (the   Loan
Agreement  ) by and among Pledgor and the Greenwood Subsidiary (collectively,   Borrowers  ) and Lender. 

Pledged
Securities   shall mean all of the issued and outstanding equity securities or other ownership interests in whatever form
of the Greenwood Subsidiary and any other securities or ownership interests that Pledgor may own now or in the future in the Greenwood
Subsidiary. 

Securities Act  
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and as the same may be supplemented, modified, amended or restated from time
to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any corresponding or succeeding provisions of applicable law. 

PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

Section 2.    Pledge
and Grant of Security Interest.  As security for the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations in accordance
with their terms, Pledgor hereby pledges, assigns, transfers, grants, hypothecates and sets over unto Lender, grants to Lender
a first priority lien and security interest in, and delivers to Lender, all of Pledgor's right, title and interest in, to and under
the following personal property, in each case whether now existing or hereafter acquired or created, and whether constituting financial
assets, investment property, general intangibles, securities, security entitlements, proceeds or otherwise: (a) all of the Pledged
Securities; (b) all certificates, instruments, agreements and contract rights relating to the Pledged Securities; and (c) all proceeds
of the Pledged Securities (including, without limitation, all cash, cash equivalents, dividends, distributions, instruments, securities
or other property) at any time and from time to time received, receivable, paid or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange
for any of or all such Pledged Securities, whether in connection with any increase or reduction of capital, reclassification, merger,
consolidation, sale of assets, combination of shares, stock split, spin-off, split-off or otherwise (the items referred to in clauses
 (a)  through  (c)  being collectively called the   Securities Collateral  ). All Pledged Securities
included in the Securities Collateral shall, to the extent represented by certificates, upon delivery thereof to Lender, be accompanied
by undated stock powers duly executed in blank or by other instruments or documents of transfer, possession or control satisfactory
to Lender and by such other instruments and documents as Lender may request. All Securities Collateral shall be delivered to and
held by Lender and disposed of in accordance with the terms of this Pledge Agreement. 

Section 3. Release of
Securities Collateral for Payment.  Upon indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full of all of the Obligations, all Securities
Collateral shall be deemed completely released from the security interest granted to Lender hereunder. 

Section 4. Delivery and
Redelivery of Securities Collateral.  Pledgor agrees promptly to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender any and all Securities
Collateral together with any and all stock powers signed in blank and other certificates, instruments or documents representing
or relating to transfer, possession or control of any of the Securities Collateral. Pledgor confirms that the Pledged Securities
are presently in the possession of Opus Bank as collateral for indebtedness of Pledgor to Opus Bank that is being satisfied in
full on the date hereof. Pledgor shall deliver the Pledged Securities to Lender no later than ten (10) calendar days after the
date hereof. Pledgor s failure to deliver the Pledged Securities to Lender within such ten (10) day period shall be an Event
of Default hereunder. 

Section 5. Representations
and Warranties.  Pledgor hereby represents, warrants and covenants to and with Lender that: 

(a)          Pledgor
(i) is and will at all times during the term hereof continue to be the direct owner, beneficially and of record, of the
Securities Collateral free and clear of all Liens (except for the Lien of Lender pursuant to this Pledge Agreement), (ii)
will make no assignment, pledge, hypothecation, transfer or any disposition of, or create any Lien or other security interest
in, the Securities Collateral, and (iii) will cause any and all Securities Collateral, whether for value paid by Pledgor or
otherwise, to be forthwith deposited with Lender and pledged and assigned hereunder; 

(b)          Pledgor
(i) has good and indefeasible title, right and legal authority to enter into this Pledge Agreement and to pledge the Securities
Collateral in the manner hereby done or contemplated and (ii) will defend its title or interest thereto or therein against any
and all attachments, Liens, claims, security interests or other impediments of any nature; 

(c)          no
consent or approval of any Governmental Authority, any securities exchange, or other person or entity was or is necessary to the
validity of the pledge effected pursuant to this Pledge Agreement; 

(d)          the
Pledged Securities were duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and were acquired in a transaction in
compliance with and either registered or exempt from registration under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. A true and
complete list of the Pledged Securities owned by Pledgor on the date hereof is set forth on  Schedule 1  annexed hereto. The
Pledged Securities (i) are not subject to any warrant, option, put, call or other right to acquire, redeem, sell, transfer or encumber
them, (ii) are not governed by or otherwise subject to any shareholders agreement, voting trust or similar agreement or arrangement,
and (iii) other than as to securities laws of general application, are not limited or otherwise restricted in any way respecting
assignability or transferability or any voting, dividend, distribution or other ownership right; 

(e)          the
pledge effected hereby is effective to vest in Lender the rights of Pledgor in the Securities Collateral as set forth herein without
any notice to, consent of or filing with any person, entity or Governmental Authority; 

(f)           this
Pledge Agreement creates a valid security interest in favor of Lender for the benefit of Lender in the Securities Collateral; the
taking possession by Lender of the certificates representing the Pledged Securities, and all other certificates, documents, and
instruments relating to the Securities Collateral will perfect and establish the first priority of Lender's security interest in
all certificated Pledged Securities and such documents, certificates and instruments; 

(g)          at
Lender s request, Pledgor will file or cause to be filed appropriate Uniform Commercial Code (  UCC  ) financing
statements in order to enable Lender for its benefit to perfect and preserve its security interest in the Securities Collateral;
and 

(h)          all
representations, warranties and covenants of Pledgor contained in this Pledge Agreement shall survive the execution, delivery and
performance of this Pledge Agreement until the termination of this Pledge Agreement in accordance with its terms and provisions. 

Section 6. Additional
Covenants.  

(a)           Additional
Securities, Rights, Grants or Issuances . If Pledgor shall receive any (i) certificate, including without limitation, any certificate
representing a dividend or distribution in connection with any increase or reduction of capital, reclassification, merger, consolidation,
sale of assets, combination of shares of capital stock, stock splits, spin-off or split-off, promissory notes or other instruments;
(ii) option or right, whether as an addition to, substitution for, or an exchange for, any Securities Collateral or otherwise;
(iii) dividends payable in capital stock; or (iv) distributions of capital stock or other equity interests in connection with a
partial or total liquidation, dissolution or reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in surplus, then Pledgor shall receive
such certificate, instrument, option, right or distribution in trust for the benefit of Lender, shall segregate it from Pledgor s
other property and shall deliver it forthwith to Lender in the exact form received accompanied by duly executed instruments of
transfer or assignment in blank, in the form requested by Lender, to be held by Lender as Securities Collateral and as further
collateral security for the Obligations. Pledgor shall not perform or cause to be performed any acts or omissions that would effect
any change, amendment, impairment, substitution, or any of the events, transactions or circumstances in clauses  (i)  through
 (iv)  above. 

(b)           Financing
Statements . Pledgor hereby authorizes Lender to prepare and file such financing statements (including renewal statements) or
amendments thereof or supplements thereto or other instruments as Lender may from time to time deem necessary or appropriate in
order to perfect and maintain the security interests granted hereunder in accordance with the UCC. Pledgor shall execute and deliver
to Lender such agreements, assignments or instruments (including affidavits, notices, reaffirmations and amendments and restatements
of existing documents, as Lender may request) and do all such other things as Lender may deem necessary or appropriate to assure
to Lender its security interests hereunder are perfected. To that end, Pledgor hereby irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints
Lender, its nominee or any other person whom Lender may designate, as Pledgor s attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution,
to effect any such financing statements, or amendments and supplements to financing statements, renewal financing statements, notices
or any similar documents which in Lender s discretion would be necessary, appropriate or convenient in order to perfect and
maintain perfection of the security interests granted hereunder, such power, being coupled with an interest, being and remaining
irrevocable so long as any of the Obligations remain outstanding. Pledgor agrees to mark its books and records (and to cause each
issuer of the Pledged Securities to mark its books and records) to reflect the security interest of Lender in the Securities Collateral. 

Section 7.    Voting
Rights; Dividends.  

(a)          So
long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Pledgor shall be entitled to fully exercise any and all voting
and/or other consensual rights and powers that would otherwise accrue to an owner of the Pledged Securities or any part thereof. 

(b)          Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all rights of Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual
rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to  clause (a)  of this subsection shall cease and all such
rights shall thereupon become vested in Lender which shall then have the sole right in its discretion to exercise such voting and
other consensual rights. 

(c)          All
cash dividends payable with respect to the Pledged Securities shall be immediately deposited with Lender as Securities Collateral
(and shall constitute cash collateral). 

Section 8. Remedies Upon
Default.  

(a)          After
the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender may exercise, in addition to all other rights and remedies granted to it in this
Pledge Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or under any law, all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. All
such rights and remedies being cumulative, not exclusive, and enforceable alternatively, successively or concurrently, at such
time or times as the Lender deems expedient. 

(i)          If the Lender so
elects and gives notice of such election to the Pledgor, the Lender may vote any or all shares of the Securities Collateral (whether
or not the same shall have been transferred into its name or the name of its nominee or nominees) and give all consents, waivers
and ratifications in respect of the Securities Collateral and otherwise act with respect thereto as though it was the outright
owner thereof, the Pledgor hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing the Lender the proxy and attorney-in-fact of the Pledgor
with full power of substitution, to do so. 

(ii)         The
Lender may demand, sue for, collect or make any compromise or settlement the Lender deems suitable in respect of any of the Securities
Collateral. 

(iii)        The Lender may
sell, resell, assign and deliver, or otherwise dispose of any or all of the Securities Collateral, for cash and/or credit and upon
such terms, at such place or places and at such time or times and to such Persons as the Lender deems expedient, all without demand
for performance by the Pledgor or any notice or advertisement whatsoever except such as may be required by law, provided however,
the Lender shall give the Pledgor ten (10) days  prior written notice of the time and place of any public sale, or the time
after which a private sale may be made, which notice the Lender and Pledgor hereby agree is reasonable; and 

(iv)        The
Lender may cause all or any part of the Securities Collateral to be transferred into its name or the name of its nominee or nominee. 

(b)          Subject
to the terms of this Section 8, the Lender may enforce its right hereunder without any other notice and without compliance with
any other condition precedent now or hereafter imposed by statute, rule or law or otherwise (all of which are hereby expressly
waived by the Pledgor to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law). The Lender may buy any part or all of the Securities
Collateral at any public sale and if any part or all of the Securities Collateral is of a type customarily sold in a recognized
market or is of the type which is the subject of widely-distributed standard price quotations, the Lender may buy at private sale
and may make payments thereof by any means. The Lender may apply the cash proceeds actually received from any sale or other disposition
to the reasonable expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for sale, selling and the like, or reasonable attorneys  fees,
and all legal expenses, travel and other expenses which may be incurred by the Lender in attempting to collect the Obligations
or any of them, or to enforce this Pledge Agreement or in the prosecution or defense of any action or proceeding related to the
subject matter of this Pledge Agreement; and then to the Obligations in such order as to principal or interest remaining unpaid,
including legal interest thereon, and the balance of any expenses unpaid, and any surplus shall be paid to the Pledgor. 

(c)          The
Pledgor recognizes that if the Lender is unable to effect a public sale of the Securities Collateral by reason of certain prohibitions
contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Lender may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales thereof
to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities for their own
account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Pledgor agrees that any such private sales
may be at prices and on other reasonable terms less favorable to the seller than if sold at public sales and that such private
sales shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner. The Lender shall be under no obligation to delay a
sale of any of the Securities Collateral for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer of such securities to register such
securities for public sale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, even if the issuer would agree to do so. 

Section 9. Application
of Proceeds of Sale.  The proceeds of any sale of Securities Collateral pursuant to  Section 8 , as well as any Securities
Collateral consisting of cash, shall be applied by Lender in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement. Pledgor irrevocably
waives the right to direct the application of such payments and proceeds, and acknowledges and agrees that Lender shall have the
continuing and exclusive right to apply and reapply any and all such payments and proceeds in Lender s sole discretion, notwithstanding
any entry to the contrary upon any of its books and records. 

Section 10. Rights of
Lender.  

(a)           Power
of Attorney . In addition to other powers of attorney contained herein or in any of the Loan Documents, Pledgor hereby designates
and appoints Lender, on behalf of Pledgor, and each of its designees or agents, as attorney-in-fact of Pledgor, irrevocably and
with full power of substitution, with authority to take any or all of the following actions upon the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default: 

i             to demand, collect,
settle, compromise, adjust and give discharges and releases concerning the Securities Collateral; 

ii            to commence
and prosecute any actions or proceedings for the purposes of collecting any of the Securities Collateral and enforcing any other
right in respect thereof; 

iii           to defend,
settle, adjust or compromise any action, suit or proceeding brought and, in connection therewith, give such discharge or release; 

iv           to pay or discharge
taxes, security interests, or other Liens on or threatened against the Securities Collateral; 

v            to direct any
parties liable for any payment, to make payment directly to Lender or as Lender shall direct; 

vi           to receive
payment of and receipt for any and all monies, claims, and other amounts due and to become due at any time in respect of or arising
out of any Securities Collateral; 

vii          to sign and
endorse any drafts, assignments, proxies, stock powers, consents, verifications, notices and other documents relating to the Securities
Collateral; 

viii         to authorize,
execute and deliver all assignments, conveyances, statements, financing statements, renewal financing statements, pledge agreements,
affidavits, notices and other agreements, instruments and documents that Lender may determine necessary or appropriate in order
to perfect and maintain the security interests and liens granted in this Pledge Agreement and in order to fully consummate all
of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Loan Documents; 

ix           to exchange
any of the Securities Collateral upon any merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or other readjustment of Pledgor
or the issuer thereof and, in connection therewith, deposit any of the Securities Collateral with any committee, depository, transfer
agent, registrar or other designated agency upon such terms as Lender may determine; 

x            to vote for
a director, shareholder, partner, manager, or member resolution, or to sign any consent or instrument in writing, sanctioning the
transfer of any or all of the Securities Collateral into the name of Lender or into the name of any transferee to whom the Securities
Collateral of Pledgor or any part thereof may be sold; and 

xi           to do and perform
all such other acts and things as Lender may deem to be necessary, proper or convenient in connection with this Pledge Agreement
and the other Loan Documents. 

This power of attorney
is a power coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for so long as any of the Obligations remain outstanding. Lender shall
be under no duty to exercise or withhold the exercise of any of the rights, powers, privileges and options expressly or implicitly
granted to Lender in this Pledge Agreement, and shall not be liable for any failure to do so or any delay in doing so. Lender shall
not be liable for any act or omission or for any error of judgment or any mistake of fact or law in its individual capacity or
its capacity as attorney-in-fact except acts or omissions resulting from its gross negligence or willful misconduct. This power
of attorney is conferred on Lender solely to protect, preserve and realize upon its security interest in the Securities Collateral. 

(b)           Assignment
by Lender . In accordance with the Loan Agreement, the Lender may from time to time assign its rights or obligations hereunder,
or any portion thereof, or the pledge and security interest granted herein, or any portion thereof, and the assignee shall be entitled
to all of the rights and remedies of the applicable assignor under this Pledge Agreement in relation thereto. 

(c)           Lender s
Duty of Care . Other than the exercise of reasonable care to ensure the safe custody of the Securities Collateral while being
held by Lender hereunder, Lender shall have no duty or liability to preserve rights pertaining thereto, it being understood and
agreed that Pledgor shall be responsible for preservation of all rights in the Securities Collateral, and Lender shall be relieved
of all responsibility for Securities Collateral upon surrendering it or tendering the surrender of it to Pledgor. Lender shall
be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Securities Collateral in its possession if such
Securities Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which Lender accords its own property, it being understood
that Lender shall not have responsibility for (i) ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges,
maturities, tenders or other matters relating to any Securities Collateral, whether or not Lender has or is deemed to have knowledge
of such matters or (ii) taking any steps or refraining therefrom to preserve rights against any other parties with respect to any
Securities Collateral. 

(d)           Release
of Securities Collateral . Lender may release any of the Securities Collateral from this Pledge Agreement or may substitute
any of the Securities Collateral without altering, varying or diminishing in any way the force, effect, lien, pledge or security
interest of this Pledge Agreement as to any Securities Collateral not expressly released or substituted, and this Pledge Agreement
shall continue as a first priority lien on all Securities Collateral not expressly released or substituted. 

(e)           Rights
and Remedies . Lender is entitled to exercise all rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity in connection with
this Pledge Agreement. The rights and remedies of Lender hereunder are several and cummulative at Lender s discretion and
may be exercised at Lender s discretion. 

(f)            Costs
of Counsel . If at any time hereafter, whether upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or not, Lender employs counsel or
other experts or advisors to take action or make a response in connection with this Pledge Agreement, the Securities Collateral,
or the Loan Documents, Pledgor agrees to promptly pay upon demand any and all such costs and expenses of Lender, all of which costs
and expenses shall constitute Obligations. 

Section 11. Termination. 
This Pledge Agreement shall terminate, and all security interests in the Securities Collateral shall automatically terminate and
be completely released, when all the Obligations have been indefeasibly and fully paid and satisfied, at which time Lender shall
reassign and deliver to Pledgor, or to such person or entity as Pledgor shall designate, against receipt, such of the Securities
Collateral (if any) as shall not have been sold or otherwise applied by Lender pursuant to the terms hereof and shall still be
held by Lender under this Pledge Agreement. Any such reassignment shall be without recourse to or representation or warranty by
Lender and at the expense of Pledgor. 

Section 12. Further Assurances. 
Pledgor agrees to do such further acts and things, and to execute and deliver such additional conveyances, assignments, reassignments,
agreements and instruments, as Lender may at any time request in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Pledge
Agreement or with respect to the Securities Collateral or any part thereof, and with respect to the grant, release or termination
of Lender's security interest in any of the Securities Collateral, or otherwise in order better to assure and confirm unto Lender
its rights and remedies hereunder and under this Pledge Agreement. 

Section 13. Notices.  All
notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto shall be in writing and either (a) delivered by registered
or certified mail, (b) delivered by hand, or (c) delivered by national overnight courier service with next Business Day delivery,
and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made (i) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit
in the United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid, (ii) one (1) Business
Day after deposit with a national overnight courier with all charges prepaid, or (iii) when hand-delivered. All notices, requests
and demands are to be given or made to the respective parties at the following addresses (or to such other addresses as either
party may designate by notice in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph): 

If to Pledgor: 

Greenwood Hall, Inc. 

 12424 Wilshire Boulevard 

 Suite 1030, Los Angeles, CA 90025 

 Attention: Dr. John Hall 

With a copy to: 

Drinker Biddle   Reath LLP 

 1800 Century Park East 

 Suite 1500 

 Los Angeles, CA 90067 

 Attention: Alan A. Lanis, Jr., Esq. 

If to Lender: 

Moriah Education Management LLC 

 1 University Plaza 

 Suite 407 

 Hackensack, NJ 07601 

 Attention: Greg Zilberstein 

With a copy to: 

Cohen Tauber Spievack   Wagner P.C. 

 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2400 

 New York, New York 10170 

 Attention: Adam Stein 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
that parties expressly acknowledge and agree that the foregoing provisions of notice by Lender to Pledgor s counsel are an
accommodation only, and that Lender shall have fulfilled its notice obligation hereunder if notice shall have been received by
Pledgor at its address irrespective of whether such notice is received by Pledgor s counsel. 

Section 14.    Construction. 
No provision of this Pledge Agreement shall be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party hereto by reason
of such party or its counsel having, or being deemed to have, structured or drafted such provision. 

Section 15. Headings,
Amendments, Waiver.  Section and paragraph headings are for convenience only and shall not be construed as part of this Pledge
Agreement. Any modification and amendment shall be in writing and signed by the parties, and any waiver of, or consent to any departure
from, any representation, warranty, covenant or other term or provision shall be in writing and signed by each affected party hereto
or thereto, as applicable. A waiver of a breach of any term, covenant or condition of this Pledge Agreement shall not operate or
be construed as a continuing waiver of such term, covenant or condition, or breach, or of any other term, covenant or condition,
or breach by such party. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder shall preclude
any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy or power provided herein or by law or in equity. 

Section 16. Entire Agreement .
This Pledge Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding concerning the subject matter hereof and thereof between
the parties, and supersede all other prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, representations, warranties,
commitments, proposals, offers and contracts concerning the subject matter hereof, whether oral or written. 

Section 17.    Survival. 
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by Pledgor herein or in any of the Loan Documents or in any certificate,
report or instrument contemplated hereby shall survive any independent investigation made by Lender and the execution and delivery
of this Pledge Agreement, such Loan Documents and such certificates, reports or instruments and shall continue so long as any Obligations
are outstanding and unsatisfied, applicable statutes of limitations to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Section 18. Severability. 
Every provision of this Pledge Agreement is intended to be severable. If, in any jurisdiction, any term or provision hereof is
determined to be invalid or unenforceable, (a) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired, (b) any such invalidity
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction,
and (c) the invalid or unenforceable term or provision shall, for purposes of such jurisdiction, be deemed replaced by a term or
provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term
or provision. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any covenant or restriction, by the length of time or any other
restriction, or portion thereof, set forth in this Pledge Agreement is unreasonable or unenforceable, the court shall reduce or
modify such covenants or restrictions to those which it deems reasonable and enforceable under the circumstances and, as so reduced
or modified, the parties hereto agree that such covenants and restrictions shall remain in full force and effect as so modified.
In the event a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Pledge Agreement is invalid or against public
policy and cannot be so reduced or modified so as to be made enforceable, the remaining provisions of this Pledge Agreement shall
not be affected thereby, and shall remain in full force and effect. 

Section 19. Successors
and Assigns; Assignment.  All covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of the parties contained in this Pledge Agreement
shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns;  provided ,
 however , that nothing in this Pledge Agreement, express or implied, shall confer on Pledgor the right to assign any of its
rights or obligations hereunder at any time. 

Section 20.     APPLICABLE
LAW .  THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK, THE LAWS OF WHICH PLEDGOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY ELECTS TO APPLY TO THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PROVISIONS
FOR CHOICE OF LAW THEREUNDER. PLEDGOR AGREES THAT ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO ENFORCE OR ARISING OUT OF THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT
SHALL BE COMMENCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT. 

Section 21.     WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL .  PLEDGOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED
STATES OF AMERICA OR ANY STATE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY AND ALL ISSUES ARISING EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING BETWEEN PLEDGOR AND LENDER OR THEIR SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT,
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS AND/OR THE SECURITIES COLLATERAL. IT IS INTENDED THAT SAID WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY
AND ALL DEFENSES, RIGHTS, AND/OR COUNTERCLAIMS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDINGS BETWEEN PLEDGOR AND LENDER. PLEDGOR WAIVES ALL RIGHTS
TO INTERPOSE ANY CLAIMS, DEDUCTIONS, SETOFFS OR COUNTERCLAIMS OF ANY KIND, NATURE OR DESCRIPTION IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INSTITUTED
BY LENDER WITH RESPECT TO THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS, THE SECURITIES COLLATERAL OR ANY MATTER
ARISING THEREFROM OR RELATING THERETO, EXCEPT COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIMS. 

Section 22.     CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION .  PLEDGOR HEREBY (a) IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL
COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, NEW YORK COUNTY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT,
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS AND/OR THE SECURITIES COLLATERAL OR ANY MATTER ARISING THEREFROM OR RELATING THERETO,
AND (b) WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE OR  FORUM NON CONVENIENS  WITH RESPECT THERETO.
IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING, PLEDGOR WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS AND PAPERS THEREIN
AND AGREES THAT THE SERVICE THEREOF MAY BE MADE BY CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, DIRECTED TO PLEDGOR AT ITS OFFICES
SET FORTH HEREIN OR OTHER ADDRESS THEREOF OF WHICH LENDER HAS RECEIVED NOTICE AS PROVIDED IN THIS PLEDGE AGREEMENT. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, PLEDGOR CONSENTS TO THE COMMENCEMENT BY LENDER OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE
ITS RIGHTS IN AND TO THE SECURITIES COLLATERAL AND WAIVES ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND/OR
 FORUM NON CONVENIENS  OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.. 

Section 23. Counterparts. 
This Pledge Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by facsimile or electronic signature, each of which when
so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, 
the parties hereto have caused this Pledge and Security Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

PLEDGOR: 

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.  

By:  

Name: 

Title: 

MORIAH EDUCATION MANAGEMENT LLC  

By:  

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE - PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT] 

SCHEDULE 1   

  TO   

  PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  

PLEDGED SECURITIES   

100% (1,007,920 shares) of the issued and outstanding
common stock, par value $0.002 per share, represented by certificate no. 010, of PCS Link, Inc. 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 4
 s104854_ex10-21.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.21

Exhibit 10.21 

EXECUTION 

CONTINUING GUARANTY 

This Continuing Guaranty,
dated as of October __, 2016 (  Guaranty  ), is by John Hall, an individual (  Guarantor  ),
in favor of Moriah Education Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  Lender  ). 

RECITALS  

A.           Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein have the meaning set forth in that certain Loan and Security Agreement, of even date herewith
(the   Loan Agreement  ), by and among Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and PCS Link, Inc., a California
corporation, as borrowers (collectively,   Borrower  ) and Lender.   Guarantor Obligations  
means Guarantor s guarantee of the full and prompt payment, satisfaction and performance of the Obligations in accordance
with the terms and subject to the limitations set forth herein. 

B.           Guarantor
desires that Lender establish a revolving loan facility for Borrower in the principal amount of up to Three Million Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($3,500,000) pursuant to the Loan Agreement (such facility, as may be modified or replaced from time to time,
the   Facility  ). 

C.           Lender
has conditioned its willingness to establish the Facility upon the fulfillment of certain conditions, among them that Guarantor
enters into this Guaranty. 

D.           Guarantor
acknowledges and agrees that Guarantor will derive a substantial and direct benefit and advantage from the Facility and other agreements
and financial accommodations of Lender to Borrower under the Loan Documents. 

Accordingly, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by Guarantor, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

Section 1.           Guaranty .
Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Lender the full and prompt payment, satisfaction and
performance of any and all Obligations as and when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, and including
any and all interest, fees, expenses, damages, and penalties that may be paid or incurred by Lender in the collection of all or
any portion of the Obligations or the exercise or enforcement of any one or more of the other rights, powers, privileges, remedies
and interests of Lender relating thereto, irrespective of the manner or success of any such collection, exercise or enforcement. 

Section 2.           [INTENTIONALLY
OMIITTED]  

Section 3.           Continuing
Guaranty . Guarantor covenants and agrees that: (a) this is a continuing guarantee of payment, satisfaction and performance,
and not collectibility only, whether the Obligations are now or hereafter existing, acquired or created; (b) this Guaranty may
not be revoked or terminated until such time as the Obligations and Guarantor Obligations shall have been indefeasibly fully paid
and satisfied and Lender acknowledges the same in writing to Guarantor; (c) the Obligations shall not be deemed to have been otherwise
indefeasibly fully paid and satisfied so long as any Loan Document (other than this Guaranty) shall have any continuing force or
effect; and (d) the Obligations will be indefeasibly paid and satisfied in full in accordance with the terms and provisions of
the Loan Documents without regard to any applicable law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction, or the legality, validity,
binding effect or enforceability of any term of any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any applicable law that might
in any manner affect any of those terms and provisions, or any of the rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests of Lender
with respect thereto, or that might cause or permit to be invoked any alteration in the time, amount, or manner of payment of any
of the Obligations by Borrower or any other person or entity (other than Lender). 

Section 4.           Agreement
Absolute, Survival of Representations, Etc.  Each of the representations, warranties, covenants and other obligations and agreements
contained in this Guaranty: (a) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the legality, validity, binding effect or
enforceability of any Obligations or Guarantor Obligations or of any Loan Document; (b) shall survive the execution and delivery
of this Guaranty and the Loan Documents, and any and all advances, repayments and readvances thereunder, and shall remain and continue
in full force and effect until Lender's lending commitment (if any) under the Facility has terminated and all Obligations and Guarantor
Obligations have been fully paid and/or satisfied, without regard (i) to any waiver, modification, extension, renewal, consolidation,
division, amendment or restatement of any term or provision of any Loan Document, (ii) to any waiver or full, partial, delayed,
discontinued or failure to exercise of any of Lender's rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests under any Loan Document
or applicable law, against any person or entity, which exercise or enforcement may be delayed, discontinued or otherwise not pursued
or exhausted for any or no reason whatsoever, or which may be waived, omitted or otherwise not exercised or enforced (whether intentionally
or otherwise), (iii) to any surrender, repossession, sequestration, foreclosure, conveyance or assignment (by deed in lieu of foreclosure,
or otherwise), sale, lease or other realization, dealing or disposition respecting any Collateral, (iv) to any release, subordination
or impairment of all or any part of any Obligations or Collateral, or any security interest therein (whether intentionally or otherwise),
(v) to any extension, stay, moratorium or statute of limitations or similar time constraint under any applicable law, (vi) to any
investigation, analysis or evaluation by Lender or its designees or representatives of the assets, business, operations, properties
or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower or Guarantor (vii) to any act or omission on the part of Lender, Borrower, or
any other person or entity, (viii) to any inducement to Guarantor to enter into this Guaranty, or (ix) to any other event that
otherwise might constitute a legal or equitable counterclaim, defense or discharge of Borrower or Guarantor; (c) shall not be subject
to any defense, counterclaim, setoff, right of recoupment, abatement, reduction or other claim or determination that Guarantor
may have against Lender, Borrower, or any other person or entity (other than defense of payment); and (d) shall not be diminished
or qualified by the death, disability, dissolution, reorganization, insolvency, bankruptcy, custodianship or receivership of Guarantor,
Borrower, or any other person or entity, as applicable, or the inability of any of them to pay debts or perform or otherwise satisfy
obligations as they become due for any reason whatsoever. 

Section 5.           Guaranty
Not Affected . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sections or any other term or provision of this Guaranty, Guarantor
covenants, agrees and consents that, at any time, and from time to time, in accordance with the Loan Documents: (a) loans may be
advanced, repaid and readvanced from time to time, or the amount of loans, the rate of interest thereon, any other Obligation or
the credit availability under the Facility or any Loan Document may be increased or otherwise changed; (b) the time, manner, place
and other terms and provisions of payment or performance of any one or more of the Obligations may be amended, extended or otherwise
changed; (c) any partial or late payment, or any payment during the continuance of any Event of Default, under any Loan Document
may be accepted in whole or in part or rejected; (d) any Collateral may be surrendered, repossessed, sequestered, judicially or
nonjudicially foreclosed, conveyed or assigned (by deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise), sold, leased or otherwise realized
upon, dealt with or disposed of, in whole or in part, whether to Lender, its designees or representatives or otherwise; (e) any
security interest in any such Collateral may be held without recordation or other filing or notice or perfection (whether intentionally
or otherwise), may be recorded or otherwise perfected, or may be assigned, released, subordinated or otherwise impaired, dealt
with or disposed of in whole or in part; (f) any one or more payments, distributions and proceeds received from or in respect of
Borrower, Guarantor or any other person or entity, or any Collateral may be applied in the sole and absolute discretion of Lender
to the Obligations or to any other indebtedness or obligations (including interest), the payment to or reimbursement of Lender
for any fees and expenses for which it is entitled to be paid or reimbursed pursuant to any of the provisions of this Guaranty
or the other Loan Documents, or the establishment and maintenance of any Collateral (all payments made by Guarantor, Borrower,
or any other person or entity shall be made free and clear of, and without any reduction for, any and all present or future taxes,
levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and any and all liabilities with respect thereto); (g) the liability of Borrower,
Guarantor or any other person or entity to pay any and all of the Obligations may be settled, compromised, adjusted, forgiven,
released or affected by any other accommodation, in whole or in part, and payment of any and all of the Obligations may be subordinated
to the prior payment of any other debts or claims of any other person; (h) any representation, warranty, covenant or other term
or provision of any Loan Document, in whole or in part, may be the subject of one or more waivers of applicability or consents
to nonperformance, noncompliance or nonobservance, whether or not constituting defaults, or may be otherwise not exercised or enforced
(whether intentionally or otherwise); (i) any Loan Document, or any term or provision thereof, in whole or in part, may be amended,
extended, renewed or otherwise changed in any respect by the respective parties thereto in the manner provided therein; (j) any
one or more of this Guaranty or the other Loan Documents, or any one or more of the rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests
of Lender herein or therein, may be sold, conveyed, assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or part (including participations
or other undivided interests) to any other person or entity; or (k) any other right, power, privilege, remedy or interest of Lender
under this Guaranty, any other Loan Document or applicable law may be exercised or enforced by Lender or its designees or representatives,
which exercise or enforcement may be delayed, discontinued or otherwise not pursued or exhausted for any or no reason whatsoever,
or any such right, power, privilege, remedy or interest may be waived, omitted or otherwise not exercised or enforced (whether
intentionally or otherwise); all in such manner and order, upon such terms and provisions and subject to such conditions as Lender
may, subject to the terms of the Loan Documents, deem necessary or desirable in its sole and absolute discretion, all without notice
to or consent from Guarantor; and all of the above  clauses (a) through (k)  without affecting this Guaranty or any other
Loan Document or any of the Guarantor Obligations, which obligations shall continue in full force and effect until such time as
all Obligations and all Guarantor Obligations have been fully paid and satisfied. 

Section 6.           Certain
Representations and Warranties . Guarantor represents, warrants to and agrees with Lender as to each of the matters set forth
below: (a) Guarantor has the power and authority and has full legal rights to enter into this Guaranty and each of the other Loan
Documents to which it is a party, and to perform, observe and comply with all of its agreements and obligations under each of such
documents; (b) the execution and delivery by Guarantor of this Guaranty and each of the other Loan Documents to which Guarantor
is or will be a party, and the performance by Guarantor of all of Guarantor's obligations hereunder and thereunder will not violate
or be in conflict with any term or provision of (i) any law, rule statute, ordinance, regulation, code, (ii) any judgments, orders,
writs, injunction, or decrees or (iii) any mortgages, indentures, leases, licenses, agreements, understandings, instruments, contracts,
proposed transactions or other obligation of Guarantor or to which Guarantor is a party or by which Guarantor, or any material
part of Guarantor's assets and properties, may be bound or subject, and will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien
upon any of Guarantor's assets or properties; (c) Guarantor shall not take any action or inaction that may impair any material
part of Guarantor's assets and properties; (d) no licenses, permits, franchises, approvals, consents, waivers, notices, authorizations,
qualifications, concessions, or the like, or registration, declaration or filing are required (1) in connection with the due and
valid execution, delivery and performance by Guarantor of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document to which Guarantor is or will
be a party, or (2) to effect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Guaranty; (e) this Guaranty is the
legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor, enforceable against Guarantor in accordance with its terms and provisions; and
(f) Guarantor is solvent (i.e., the aggregate fair value of Guarantor's assets exceeds the sum of Guarantor's actual and contingent
liabilities) and, both before and after taking into account the Guarantor Obligations, Guarantor has adequate capital and is able
to pay his debts as they mature. 

Section 7.           Certain
Covenants of the Guarantor . Guarantor shall cooperate with Lender to dispose of Collateral as Lender shall direct, and shall
do such acts and exercise and deliver such instruments and documents as Lender shall reasonably request in order to facilitate
Lender s exercise of rights under the Loan Agreement. 

Section 8.           Certain
Acknowledgments and Waivers of Guarantor . Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that the rights, powers, privileges, remedies and
interests granted to or conferred upon Lender by this Guaranty, the other Loan Documents and applicable law are purely discretionary
and shall not, and shall not be deemed or construed to, impose upon Lender any duty or other obligation, including, without limitation,
any obligation (a) to sell, foreclose or otherwise realize upon any Collateral, (b) to protect or preserve any Collateral, (c)
to perform or satisfy any obligation under or respecting any Collateral or Guarantor, (d) to mitigate or otherwise reduce any expense,
fees, penalties, damage or other loss, or (e) to otherwise exercise or enforce any such right, power, privilege, remedy or interest.
Any sale, foreclosure or other realization upon any Collateral, or any other exercise or enforcement of any such right, power,
privilege, remedy or interest, if undertaken by Lender in its discretion, may be delayed, discontinued or otherwise not pursued
or exhausted for any reason whatsoever (whether intentionally or otherwise). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
to the extent waiver is not limited under applicable law, Guarantor hereby expressly waives each and every claim or defense (other
than defense of payment), and agrees that Guarantor will not assert or pursue (by action, suit, counterclaim or otherwise) any
claim or defense, respecting (i) any settlement or compromise with any obligor or other third party under any account receivable,
note, instrument, agreement, document or general intangible included in the Collateral, irrespective of any reduction in the potential
proceeds therefrom, (ii) the selection or order of disposition of any Collateral (which may be at random or in any order Lender
may select in its sole and absolute discretion, and may be without regard to any holding period or tax basis that any person or
entity may have therein or any tax or other consequences arising from such disposition), (iii) the private sale of any Collateral,
whether or not any public market exists, (iv) the choice or timing of any sale date as to any Collateral (which Lender may select
in its sole and absolute discretion), irrespective of whether greater sale proceeds would be realizable on a different sale date,
(v) the adequacy of the sale price of any Collateral, (vi) any insufficiency of any such proceeds to fully satisfy the Obligations
and Guarantor Obligations, (vii) any sale of any Collateral to the first person or entity to receive an offer or make a bid, (viii)
the selection of any purchaser of any Collateral, or (ix) any default by any purchaser of any Collateral. Guarantor hereby expressly
waives the applicability of any and all applicable laws that are or may be in conflict with the terms and provisions of this Guaranty
or the other Loan Documents now or at any time in the future to the extent waiver is not limited under applicable law, including
(without limitation) those pertaining to notice (other than notices required by this Guaranty or any other Loan Document), protest,
appraisal, valuation, stay, extension, moratorium, marshaling of assets, exemption and equity of redemption. Neither Lender nor
any of its designees or representatives shall incur any liability in connection with any sale of or other action taken respecting
any Collateral in accordance with the provisions of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document or applicable law. 

Section 9.           Subrogation .
Guarantor agrees to withhold the exercise of any and all subrogation and reimbursement rights against Borrower, against any other
person, and against any collateral or security for the Guarantor Obligations, until the Guarantor Obligations have been indefeasibly
paid and satisfied in full, all obligations owed to Lender under the Loan Documents have been fully performed, and Lender has released,
transferred or disposed of all of its right, title and interest in such collateral or security. 

Section 10.         Waivers
of Notice, Etc.  Guarantor hereby expressly waives: (a) notice of acceptance of this Guaranty; (b) notice of any action taken
or omitted in reliance hereon; (c) presentment; (d) demand for payment; (e) protest or notice of protest; (f) notice of any nonpayment
or the occurrence or continuance of any other default, or any other event that (with the giving of notice or the passage of time
or both) could constitute a default, under any Loan Document; (g) notice of any material or adverse effect, whether individually
or in the aggregate, upon the assets, business, operations, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower, Guarantor
or any other person or entity, or upon any part of any Collateral; (h) any statute of limitations or similar time constraint under
any applicable law, whether with respect to the Obligations or Guarantor Obligations or otherwise; or (i) any other proof, notice
or demand of any kind whatsoever or the making or promptness in making any claim or demand under this Guaranty or any other Loan
Document. No act or omission of any kind in connection with any of the foregoing shall in any way impair or otherwise affect the
legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any term or provision of this Guaranty or any of the Guarantor Obligations. 

Section 11.         Bankruptcy;
Reinstatement . In the event Lender is not permitted or is otherwise unable (because of the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or other proceeding) to demand or accelerate the Obligations, but otherwise would have been permitted to do so at
such time pursuant to any Loan Document, Lender may demand payment in full, and may exercise and enforce any and all of its other
rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests under this Guaranty or the other Loan Documents to which Guarantor is a party
or by which Guarantor may be bound or subject, in each case as if the Obligations had been duly demanded or accelerated, and Guarantor
will not raise, and hereby expressly waives and releases, any claim or defense with respect to such deemed demand or acceleration.
In the event any payment of or any application of any amount, asset or property to any of the Obligations or Guarantor Obligations,
or any part thereof, at any time is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy
or reorganization of Borrower, Guarantor, or any other person or entity, whether by order of any court, by any settlement approved
by any court, or otherwise, then the terms and provisions of this Guaranty and the other Loan Documents shall continue to apply,
or shall be reinstated if not then in effect, as the case may be, with respect to the Obligations or Guarantor Obligations so rescinded,
restored or returned, all as though such payment or application had never been made. 

Section 12.         Enforcement .
Lender, in its sole discretion, may proceed to exercise or enforce any right, power, privilege, remedy or interest that Lender
may have under this Guaranty, any other Loan Document or applicable law at law, in equity, in rem or in any other forum available
under applicable law, severally and cumulatively. Lender may institute one or more proceedings (which may be separate proceedings)
with respect to this Guaranty and each of the other Loan Documents in such order and at such times as Lender may elect in its sole
and absolute discretion. This Guaranty and the other Loan Documents may be enforced without possession of any underlying promissory
note, security agreement or pledge, or its production in any action, suit or proceeding, and without the presence or participation
of Borrower or Guarantor, whether through lack of jurisdiction, venue or service or otherwise; and Guarantor will not raise, and
each hereby waives, any objection or defense respecting the need for any such production, presence or participation. 

Section 13.         Exculpation .
Lender and its participants, affiliates, custodians and designees, representatives, and its officers, employees, attorneys and
agents, shall not incur any liability for any acts or omissions (and Guarantor hereby expressly waives any and all related claims
and actions against each such person or entity) arising out of or related directly or indirectly to this Guaranty, except to the
extent occasioned by the respective person's or entity s gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined pursuant
to applicable law by a non-appealable decision or determination of a governmental authority or court having jurisdiction. 

Section 14.         Expenses,
Etc.  Guarantor shall pay or reimburse, on demand, any and all costs and expenses incurred by Lender, whether directly or indirectly,
in connection with the enforcement and adjudication of this Guaranty, including (without limitation) the disbursements, expenses
and reasonable fees of counsel. 

Section 15.         Further
Assurances . Guarantor agrees to do such further acts and things and to execute and deliver such statements, assignments, agreements,
instruments and other documents as Lender from time to time may request in connection with this Guaranty and in order to (a) evidence,
confirm, perfect and protect any lien granted by Guarantor, (b) give Lender or its designees or representatives confirmation and
further assurance of its rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests under this Guaranty, the other Loan Documents and applicable
law, (c) better enable Lender or its designees or representatives to exercise any such right, power, privilege, remedy or interest,
and (d) otherwise effectuate the purpose and the terms and provisions of this Guaranty or the other Loan Documents, each in such
form and substance as may be acceptable to Lender. 

Section 16.         Relationship
of Guarantor and Lender, Etc.  Guarantor represents, warrants, acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Lender is acting solely in
the capacity of Lender with respect to this Guaranty, the other Loan Documents and the Collateral; (b) Guarantor's sole relationship
with Lender is that of debtor and creditor, respectively, and no term or provision of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document
is intended to create, nor shall any such term or provision be deemed or construed to have created, any joint venture, partnership,
trust, agency or other fiduciary or advisory relationship with Guarantor; and (c) Guarantor has independently and fully reviewed
and evaluated this Guaranty, the other Loan Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder and the potential
effects of such transactions on the assets, business, operations, properties and condition (financial or otherwise) of Guarantor
and Borrower (if any), which review and evaluation was made (i) together with counsel and (to the extent deemed prudent by Guarantor)
financial and other advisors to Guarantor, and (ii) without any reliance upon any oral or written advice, analysis or assurance
of any kind whatsoever from Lender. 

Section 17.         Notices .
Any notice that a party shall be required or shall desire to give to the other hereunder shall be in writing and either (a) delivered
by registered or certified mail, (b) delivered by hand, or (c) delivered by national overnight courier service with next business
day delivery, and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made (i) three (3) business days after deposit in the United States
Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid, (ii) one (1) business day after deposit
with a national overnight courier with next business day delivery with all charges prepaid, or (iii) when hand-delivered. All notices,
requests and demands are to be given or made to the respective parties at the following addresses (or to such other addresses as
either party may designate by notice in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph): 

If to Guarantor: 

John Hall 

 c/o Greenwood Hall, Inc. 

 12424 Wilshire Boulevard 

 Suite 1030 

 Los Angeles, CA 90025 

With a copy to: 

Drinker Biddle   Reath LLP 

 1800 Century Park East 

 Suite 1500 

 Los Angeles, CA 90067 

 Attention: Alan A. Lanis, Jr., Esq. 

If to Lender: 

Moriah Education Management LLC 

 1 University Plaza 

 Suite 407 

 Hackensack, NJ 07601 

 Attention: Greg Zilberstein 

With a copy to: 

Cohen Tauber Spievack   Wagner P.C. 

 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2400 

 New York, New York 10170 

 Attention: Adam Stein 

Section 18.          APPLICABLE
LAW . THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
THE LAWS OF WHICH GUARANTOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY ELECTS TO APPLY TO THIS GUARANTY, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PROVISIONS FOR CHOICE OF
LAW THEREUNDER. GUARANTOR AGREES THAT ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO ENFORCE OR ARISING OUT OF THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE COMMENCED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS GUARANTY.  

Section 19.          WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THAT IT MAY NOW OR
HEREAFTER HAVE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR ANY STATE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY AND ALL ISSUES ARISING EITHER
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BETWEEN GUARANTOR AND LENDER OR THEIR SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, OUT OF OR IN ANY
WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS GUARANTY, THE GUARANTOR OBLIGATIONS AND/OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. IT IS INTENDED THAT SAID WAIVER SHALL
APPLY TO ANY AND ALL DEFENSES, RIGHTS, AND/OR COUNTERCLAIMS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDINGS BETWEEN GUARANTOR AND LENDER. GUARANTOR
WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO INTERPOSE ANY CLAIMS, DEDUCTIONS, SETOFFS OR COUNTERCLAIMS OF ANY KIND, NATURE OR DESCRIPTION IN ANY ACTION
OR PROCEEDING INSTITUTED BY LENDER WITH RESPECT TO THIS GUARANTY, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE GUARANTOR OBLIGATIONS OR ANY MATTER
ARISING THEREFROM OR RELATING THERETO, EXCEPT COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIMS.  

Section 20.          CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION . GUARANTOR HEREBY (a) IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL
COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS GUARANTY
AND/OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE GUARANTOR OBLIGATIONS OR ANY MATTER ARISING THEREFROM OR RELATING THERETO, AND (b) WAIVES
ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE OR  FORUM NON CONVENIENS  WITH RESPECT THERETO. IN ANY SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING, GUARANTOR WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS AND PAPERS THEREIN AND AGREES
THAT THE SERVICE THEREOF MAY BE MADE BY CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, DIRECTED TO GUARANTOR AT HIS ADDRESS SET FORTH
HEREIN OR OTHER ADDRESS THEREOF OF WHICH LENDER HAS RECEIVED NOTICE AS PROVIDED IN THIS GUARANTY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING,
GUARANTOR CONSENTS TO THE COMMENCEMENT BY LENDER OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE ITS RIGHTS AND
GUARANTOR WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND/OR  FORUM NON CONVENIENS  OF ANY SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING.   

Section 21.        Construction .
No provision of this Guaranty shall be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party hereto by reason of such
party or his or its counsel having, or being deemed to have, structured or drafted such provision. 

Section 22.        Headings,
Amendments, Waiver, Etc.  Section and paragraph headings are for convenience only and shall not be construed as part of this
Guaranty. Any modification and amendment shall be in writing and signed by the parties, and any waiver of, or consent to any departure
from, any representation, warranty, covenant or other term or provision shall be in writing and signed by each affected party hereto
or thereto, as applicable. 

Section 23.        Entire
Agreement . This Guaranty represents the entire agreement and understanding concerning the subject matter hereof and thereof
between the parties, and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter hereof, whether
oral or written. 

Section 24.        Survival .
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by Guarantor herein or in any of the Loan Documents or in any certificate,
report or instrument contemplated hereby shall survive any independent investigation made by Lender and the execution and delivery
of this Guaranty, the Loan Documents and such certificates, reports or instruments and shall continue so long as any Obligations
are outstanding and unsatisfied, applicable statutes of limitations to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Section 25.        Severability .
Every provision of this Guaranty is intended to be severable. If, in any jurisdiction, any term or provision hereof is determined
to be invalid or unenforceable, (a) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired, (b) any such invalidity or unenforceability
in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction, and (c) the
invalid or unenforceable term or provision shall, for purposes of such jurisdiction, be deemed replaced by a term or provision
that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision.
If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any covenant or restriction, by the length of time or any other restriction,
or portion thereof, set forth in this Guaranty is unreasonable or unenforceable, the court shall reduce or modify such covenants
or restrictions to those which it deems reasonable and enforceable under the circumstances and, as so reduced or modified, the
parties hereto agree that such covenants and restrictions shall remain in full force and effect as so modified. In the event a
court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Guaranty is invalid or against public policy and cannot be
so reduced or modified so as to be made enforceable, the remaining provisions of this Guaranty shall not be affected thereby, and
shall remain in full force and effect. 

Section 26.        No
Waiver by Action, Cumulative Rights, Etc.  A waiver of a breach of any term, covenant or condition of this Guaranty shall not
operate or be construed as a continuing waiver of such term, covenant or condition, or breach, or of any other term, covenant or
condition, or breach by such party. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder shall
preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy or power provided herein or by law or in equity. Lender is entitled
to exercise all rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity in connection with this Guaranty. The rights and remedies
of Lender hereunder are several and cumulative at Lender s discretion and may be exercised at Lender s discretion. 

Section
27.        Successors and Assigns . All covenants, promises and agreements
by or on behalf of the parties contained in this Guaranty shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and
their respective estates, representatives, successors and assigns, as applicable;  provided ,  however , that nothing
in this Guaranty, express or implied, shall confer on Guarantor the right to assign any of his rights or obligations hereunder
at any time.   Lender may assign any or all of its rights or obligations hereunder together
with any or all of the security therefor to any Person and any such assignee shall succeed to all of Lender s rights with
respect thereto.  

Section 28.        Counterparts .
This Guaranty may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by facsimile or electronic signature, each of which when so executed
shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
and delivered this Continuing Guaranty as of the date first written above. 

GUARANTOR:   

JOHN HALL  

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY LENDER:   

MORIAH EDUCATION MANAGEMENT LLC   

By: 

Name: 

Title: Manager 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO CONTINUING GUARANTY] 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 5
 s104854_ex10-22.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22

Exhibit 10.22  

NOTE PURCHASE AND RESTRUCTURING AGREEMENT   

This  NOTE PURCHASE
AND RESTRUCTURING AGREEMENT  (this   Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of September 30, 2016 (the   Effective
Date  ), by and among Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the   Company  ), and Redwood Fund,
LP, a Delaware limited partnership (  Investor  ). Each of the Company and Investor shall hereinafter be referred
to as a   Party   and collectively referred to as the   Parties  . 

RECITALS  

A.           On
March 31, 2015, the Company issued to Investor that certain convertible promissory note (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the   March 2015 Redwood Note  ) with a principal amount of $295,000, which March 2015
Redwood Note has an outstanding balance of $0 as of the Effective Date; 

B.           On
August 14, 2015, the Company issued to Investor that certain convertible promissory note (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the   August 2015 Redwood Note  ) with a principal amount of $588,236.30, which August
2015 Redwood Note has an outstanding balance of $654,956.80 as of the Effective Date; 

C.           On
November 6, 2015, the Company issued to Investor that certain convertible promissory note (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the   November 2015 Redwood Note  ) with a principal amount of $125,000, which November
2015 Redwood Note has an outstanding balance of $138,345.89 as of the Effective Date; 

D.           On
December 14, 2015, the Company issued to Investor that certain convertible promissory note (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the   December 2015 Redwood Note  ) with a principal amount of $30,000, which December
2015 Redwood Note was amended on January 18, 2016 to increase the principal amount thereon to $45,100 and has an outstanding balance
of $48,910.64 as of the Effective Date; 

E.           On
February 4, 2016, the Company issued to Investor that certain convertible promissory note (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the   February 2016 Redwood Note  ) with a principal amount of $235,294.18, which February
2016 Redwood Note has an outstanding balance of $250,765.58 as of the Effective Date; 

F.           The
August 2015 Redwood Note, the November 2015 Redwood Note, the December 2015 Redwood Note and the February 2016 Redwood Note (collectively
referred to as the   Redwood Notes  ), have a combined principal amount of $993,630.48 and, as of the Effective
Date, a combined outstanding balance of $1,092,978.91 (the   Redwood Note Balance  ); 

G.           Reference
is made herein to that certain convertible promissory note (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified,
the   FirstFire Note  ) issued by the Company on December 21, 2015 to FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC
with a principal amount of $250,000, which FirstFire Note has an outstanding balance of $375,000 as of the Effective Date; 

H.           The
Company contemplates entering into a Loan and Security Agreement with Moriah Education Management, LLC (  Black Dolphin  )
on or about the Effective Date, pursuant to which the Company shall issue to Black Dolphin a revolving promissory note (the   Black
Dolphin Note  ) in the principal amount of up to $3,500,000, secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company;
and 

I.           The
Company and Investor desire to consolidate the Redwood Note Balance into one (1) promissory note, and Investor desires to advance
and the Company desires to receive additional funds thereon, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
as of the Effective Date. 

AGREEMENT  

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the foregoing promises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be bound legally, agree as follows: 

1.             Waiver
of Default  . Investor hereby waives all existing defaults, including financial covenant defaults, cross defaults to other
indebtedness and defaults relating to the non-payment of any amounts due under the Note as of the Effective Date. 

2.             Sale
and Purchase of September 2016 Note  . 

A.            Sale
and Issuance of the September 2016 Note.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Investor agrees to purchase
at the Closing, as defined below, and the Company agrees to sell and issue to Investor the promissory note, in substantially the
form attached to this Agreement as  Exhibit A  (the   September 2016 Note  ).  In consideration
for the payment of $300,000 (the   Purchase Price  ), Investor shall receive a September 2016 Note in the principal
amount of $1,418,496.92, representing the sum of (i) the Redwood Note Balance, plus (ii) $352,941.18 in additional principal.  The
September 2016 Note shall be issued with an original issue discount equal to fifteen percent (15%).    

B.            Closing;
Delivery.  The purchase, sale and issuance of the September 2016 Note shall take place on the date first set forth above (the
  Closing  ), or at such other time as the Company and Investor mutually agree upon, orally or in writing.  At
the Closing, the Company shall deliver to Investor the September 2016 Note to be purchased by Investor against payment of the Purchase
Price by check or by wire transfer to the Company s bank account or an escrow account designated by the Company. 

C.            Use
of Proceeds.  Proceeds from the September 2016 Note shall be used exclusively to satisfy and fully extinguish all obligations
under the FirstFire Note. 

3.             Termination
of Consolidated Notes  . Immediately upon the Closing, and without any further action by Investor or the Company, the November
2015 Redwood Note and the December 2015 Redwood Note, with a combined outstanding balance equal to $187,256.53 as of the Effective
Date, shall be automatically terminated and of no further force or effect, and there shall be no further obligations of the Company
or Investor thereunder as of such date. 

4.             Subsequent
Restructuring  . So long as the Company continues to make timely payments of interest pursuant to the terms of the September
2016 Note, and is not otherwise in default thereunder, on the one (1) year anniversary following the issuance thereof, the Company
and Investor shall fully extinguish and terminate all obligations under the September 2016 Note (the   Extinguishment  )
and the Company shall issue a new promissory note to Investor in the principal amount outstanding under the September 2016 Note
as of the date of Extinguishment, at an original issue discount equal to ten percent (10%). 

5.             Representations
and Warranties of the Company  . The Company hereby represents and warrants to Investor as of the Effective Date that: 

A.             Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification.   The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Nevada and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted
and as proposed to be conducted.   

B.             Authorization.   All
corporate action required to be taken by the Company s Board of Directors, stockholders and creditors in order to authorize
the Company to enter into the this Agreement, and issue the September 2016 Note and the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery
of the September 2016 Note , and the performance of all obligations of the Company thereunder has been taken or will be taken prior
to the Closing.  All action on the part of the officers of the Company necessary for the execution and delivery of the
September 2016 Note, and the issuance and delivery of the September 2016 Note has been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing.  The
September 2016 Note, when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement
of creditors  rights generally and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief, or other equitable remedies.  

C.             Valid
Issuance of Security.   The September 2016 Note, when issued, sold and delivered in accordance with the terms
and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, subject to any restrictions
on transfer contained therein and under applicable state and federal securities laws.  Assuming the accuracy of the representations
of Investor in  Section 6  of this Agreement and subject to the filings described in Section  2.4 ,
the September 2016 Note will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.    

D.             Governmental
Consents and Filings.   Assuming the accuracy of the representations made by Investor in  Section 6 ,
no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any federal,
state or local governmental authority is required on the part of the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the September 2016 Note, except for filings pursuant to Regulation D of the Securities Act, and applicable
state securities laws, which have been made or will be made in a timely manner.  

E.             Capitalization.   The
authorized capital of the Company consists, or will consist, immediately prior to the Closing, of:  

(i) 56,839,723 shares
of Common Stock, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing.  All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
have been duly authorized, fully paid and are nonassessable and issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities
laws. 

(ii) Except for warrants and options
to purchase 1,176,473 shares of Common Stock, there are no outstanding options, warrants, rights (including conversion or preemptive
rights and rights of first refusal or similar rights) or agreements, orally or in writing, for the purchase or acquisition from
the Company of any shares of its capital stock. 

F.             No
Litigation.   There is no action, suit, proceeding, judgment, claim or investigation pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened against the Company which could reasonably be expected in any manner to challenge or seek to prevent,
enjoin, alter or materially delay any of the transactions contemplated by the 2016 Promissory Note  

G.             SEC
Filings .   

(i) Since January 1,
2014, the Company has filed all reports, registrations, documents, filings, statements and submissions, together with any amendments
thereto, that the Company was required to file with the SEC (the   SEC Filings  ).  As of the time it
was filed (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing): (a) each
of the SEC Filings complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Act or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (as the case may be), and (b) none of the SEC Filings contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(ii) The consolidated
financial statements contained in the SEC Filings: (a) complied as to form in all material respects with the published rules
and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto; (b) were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered, except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements
and (in the case of unaudited financial statements) as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that unadjusted financial
statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to year-end audit adjustments; and (c) fairly present the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations
of the Company and its subsidiaries for the periods covered thereby. 

6.             Representations
and Warranties of Investor  .   Investor hereby represents and warrants to the Company as of the Effective Date that: 

A.             Purchase
Entirely for Own Account.   The September 2016 Note to be acquired by Investor will be acquired for investment for
Investor s own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof,
and Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same.  Investor
has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the September 2016 Note.  

B.             Knowledge.   Investor
is aware of the Company s business affairs and financial condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company
to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the September 2016 Note.  

C.             Investment
Experience.   Investor has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in private placement transactions of
securities in companies similar to the Company and acknowledges that Investor can protect its own interests.  Investor
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so that Investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of its investment in the Company.  

D.             Speculative
Nature of Investment.   Investor understands and acknowledges that an investment in the Company is highly speculative
and involves substantial risks.  Investor can bear the economic risk of the investment and is able, without impairing
Investor s financial condition, to hold the September 2016 Note for an indefinite period of time and to suffer a complete
loss of the investment.  

E.             Restricted
Securities.   Investor understands that the September 2016 Note has not been registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the   Act  ), by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Act
which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of Investor s representations
as expressed herein.  Investor understands that the September 2016 Note is a  restricted security  under
applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws. Investor further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification
is available, it may be conditioned on various requirements including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding
period for the September 2016 Note, and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of Investor s control,
and which the Company is under no obligation and may not be able to satisfy.  

F.             Legends.   Investor
understands that the September 2016 Note, and any securities issued in respect thereof or exchange therefor, may bear one or all
of the following legends:  

(i)  THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF.  NO SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION
MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO
THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.  

(ii) Any legend
required by the Blue Sky laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to the shares represented by the certificate
so legended. 

G.             Accredited
Investor.   Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Act.

7.             Conditions
to Investor s Obligations at Closing  . The obligations of Investor to the Company under this Agreement are subject
to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions, unless otherwise waived: 

A.             Representations
and Warranties .  The representations and warranties of the Company contained in  Section 5  shall
be true on and as of the Closing with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of
the date of the Closing.  

B.             Repayment
of Redwood Notes.  The Company shall pay to Investor $187,256.53 to satisfy and fully extinguish existing obligations under
the November 2015 Redwood Note and the December 2015 Redwood Note at or before the Closing.  

C.             Approval
of Black Dolphin Note.  Investor shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and approve the Black Dolphin Note, in substantial
form, prior to the Closing.  

D.             Qualifications.   All
authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state
that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the September 2016 Note pursuant to this Agreement shall be
obtained and effective as of the Closing.  

E.             Waivers.   Any
and all waivers and consents necessary to issue the September 2016 Note and to waive any applicable anti-dilution provisions have
been obtained prior to the Closing.  

8.             Conditions
to the Company s Obligations at Closing.   The obligations of the Company to Investor under this Agreement are subject
to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions, unless otherwise waived: 

A.             Representations
and Warranties.   The representations and warranties of Investor contained in  Section 6  shall
be true on and as of the Closing with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of
the Closing.  

B.             Qualifications.   All
authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state
that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the September 2016 Note pursuant to this Agreement shall be
obtained and effective as of the Closing.  

9.              Successors
and Assigns   .   The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties.  Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended
to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations,
or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 

10.            Governing
Law   .  All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Agreement, including
the schedules and exhibits attached hereto, shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws
of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. 

11.            Execution;
Counterparts   .  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered
to each other Party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a  .pdf  format data file, such signature shall create
a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect
as if such facsimile or  .pdf  signature page were an original thereof. 

12.            Notices  .
All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing
and faxed, mailed or delivered to each party as follows: 

if to Investor, at: 

5023 N. Parkway Calabasas 

 Calabasas, CA 91302 

if to the Company, at: 

12424 Wilshire Blvd.,
Suite 1030 

 Los Angeles, CA 90025 

 Attn: Chief Executive
Officer 

or at such other address
or facsimile number as the Company shall have furnished to Investor in writing.  All such notices and communications
shall be effective (a) when sent by Federal Express or other overnight service of recognized standing, on the business day following
the deposit with such service; (b) when mailed, by registered or certified mail, first class postage prepaid and addressed as aforesaid
through the United States Postal Service, upon receipt; (c) when delivered by hand, upon delivery; and (d) when faxed, upon confirmation
of receipt. 

13.           Fees
and Expenses  .  At the Closing, the Company shall pay to Ladyface Capital, LLC the reasonable legal and administrative
fees and expenses incurred by Investor in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, $25,000. 

14.           Finder s
Fee  .  Each party represents that it neither is nor will be obligated for any finder s fee or commission
in connection with this transaction.  Investor agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability
for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finder s fee (and the costs and expenses of defending against such
liability or asserted liability) for which Investor or any of its officers, employees, or representatives is responsible.  The
Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Investor from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a
finder s fee (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the Company
or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible. 

15.           Amendments
and Waivers  .  Any term of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the written consent of the Company
and Investor.  Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this  Section 15  shall be binding
upon Investor and each transferee of the September 2016 Note, each future holder the September 2016 Note and the Company. 

16.           Severability . 
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the Parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that
they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

17.           Entire
Agreement  .  This Agreement, and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the
parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and any and all other written or oral agreements existing between the parties
hereto are expressly canceled. 

[ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties hereto have caused this Note Purchase and Restructuring Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.    

By:  

Name: John Hall 
         Title: Chief Executive Officer   

REDWOOD FUND, LP    

By:  
      Lady Face Capital, LLC,   

Its general partner  

By:  

Name: Ronald Levy 
         Title: Chief Operating Officer   

Exhibit A   

September 2016 Note   

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 6
 s104854_ex10-23.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23

Exhibit 10.23  

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (i) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (ii) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.  

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.   

PROMISSORY NOTE  

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
 Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the    Company   )  ,   hereby promises to pay
to  Redwood Fund, LP,  or its registered assigns (the    Holder   ),     the amount set out
above opposite the caption  Principal  (as such amount may be increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the
terms hereof, through prepayment or otherwise, the    Principal   )     when due, whether upon
the Maturity Date (as defined below), acceleration, prepayment or otherwise (in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof)
and to pay Interest (as defined below) on the outstanding Principal at the rates, in the manner and at the times set forth herein.
This Promissory Note (the    Note   )     is issued pursuant to the Note Purchase and Restructuring
Agreement dated concurrently herewith. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in  Section 16 . 

1.           PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL.  

(a)           Voluntary .
Subject to the Holder's written consent, the Company may prepay this Note at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty or
premium. All prepayments of Principal made pursuant to this  Section 1(a)  shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid Interest
thereon through such prepayment date. 

(b)           Mandatory .
On the Maturity Date, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company and the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash an amount
equal to the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest thereon. 

2.          INTEREST.
 Simple interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal at the Interest Rate from and including the date set forth above
opposite the caption  Issuance Date  (the    Issuance Date   )     until the Principal
is paid in full, shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and actual days elapsed. 

(a)           Payment
of Interest in Cash . Unless the Holder of the Note requires otherwise but except for the period when Interest is
calculated at the default rate, Interest, which is required to be made in cash utilizing automatic ACH means of payment,
shall be payable on or before the fifth (5th) calendar day of each month to the record holder of this Note, subject to  Section
2(b) . 

(b)           Application
of Payments . Payments made in connection with this Note shall be applied first to amounts due hereunder other than
Principal and Interest, thereafter to Interest and finally to Principal. 

3.           EVENTS
OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.  

(a)           Events
of Default . Each of the following events (so long as it is continuing) shall constitute an    Event of Default   : 

(i)          any
Change of Control; 

(ii)         the
Company's failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest or other amounts when and as due under this Note, provided,
that in the case of a failure to pay Interest when and as due, such failure shall constitute an Event of Default only if such failure
continues for a period of at least seven (7) Business Days; 

(iii)        any
event of default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than this Note) in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $100,000; 

(iv)       the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (A) commences a voluntary case, (B)
consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian,
(D)   makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (E) admits in writing that it is generally unable to
pay its debts as they become due; 

(v)        a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in an involuntary case, (B)   appoints a Custodian of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C)
orders the liquidation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(vi)        a
final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $100,000 are rendered against the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending
appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, that any judgment which
is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a creditworthy party shall not be included in calculating the $100,000 amount set
forth above so long as the Company provides the Holder with a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which
written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an
indemnity and the Company will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such
judgment or such later date as provided by the terms of such insurance policy; 

(vii)       any
representation or warranty made by the Company in this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement shall prove to be materially false or
misleading as of the date made or deemed made; 

(viii)      the
Company shall breach any covenant or other material term or condition of this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement and, in the case
of a breach of a covenant or term or condition which is curable, such breach continues for a period of at least ten (10)   consecutive
Business Days; or 

(ix)         any
material provision of this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement ceases to be of full force and effect other than by its terms, or
the Company contests in writing (or supports any other person in contesting) the validity or enforceability of any provision of
this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement. 

(b)           Acceleration .
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Holder may take either or both of the following actions:
(i) declare all or any part of the Outstanding Note Obligations to be immediately due and payable;  provided, however,  that
if an Event of Default shall occur under either  Section 3(a)(iv)  or  3(a)(v) , the outstanding Principal, accrued and
unpaid Interest and any other amounts outstanding under this Note shall automatically become immediately due and payable, and (ii)
exercise on behalf of itself all rights and remedies available to it under applicable law. To the extent that the Holder declares
this Note to be immediately due and payable (or this Note becomes due and payable following an Event of Default under  Section
3(a)(iv)  or  3(a)(v)) , the Company shall pay the sum of the Outstanding Note Obligations to the Holder within five (5)
Business Days after the date that the Outstanding Note Obligations are declared due and payable, and upon full payment, the Note
shall be extinguished. 

4.          RIGHTS
UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.  The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor
Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this  Section
4  pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced
by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note, including, without limitation, having a principal
amount and interest rate equal to the principal amount and the interest rate of this Note and having similar ranking to this Note,
and satisfactory to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note referring to the
 Company  shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as
the Company herein. The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and
shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the redemption of this Note. 

5.           COVENANTS.  

(a)           Incurrence
of Indebtedness . So long as this Note is outstanding, without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Holder, the Company
shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer
to exist any Indebtedness in excess of $250,000, other than (i) the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, and (ii) Permitted Indebtedness. 

(b)           Existence
of Liens . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist, a Lien, other than Permitted Liens. 

(c)           Restricted
Payments . The Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, redeem,
defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part,
whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness
described in clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium,
if any) or interest on such Indebtedness if at the time such payment is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such
payment, an event constituting, or that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute, an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing. 

6.          AMENDMENTS.
 The affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written consent without a meeting of the Holder shall
be required for any amendment or waiver of this Note. 

7.          REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.  

(a)           Transfer .
The Company may, as a condition to the transfer of any of this Note, require that the request for transfer be accompanied by an
opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the proposed transfer does not result in a violation
of the Securities Act, unless such transfer is covered by an effective registration statement or by Rule 144 or Rule 144A under
the Securities Act;  provided, however,  that an opinion of counsel shall not be required for a transfer by a Holder that
is (i) a partnership transferring to its partners or former partners in accordance with partnership interests, (ii) a corporation
transferring to a wholly owned subsidiary or a parent corporation that owns all of the capital stock of the Holder, (iii) a limited
liability company transferring to its members or former members in accordance with their interest in the limited liability company,
(iv) an individual transferring to the Holder's family member or trust for the benefit of an individual Holder, or (v) transferring
its Note to any Affiliate of the Holder, in the case of an institutional investor, or other Person under common management with
such Holder;  provided, further,  that (A) the transferee in each case agrees to be subject to the restrictions in this  Section
8  and provides the Company with a representation letter containing substantially the same representations and warranties of
a  Purchaser  set forth in the Note Purchase Agreement, (B) the Company satisfies itself that the number of transferees
is sufficiently limited and (C) in the case of transferees that are partners or limited liability company members, the transfer
is for no consideration. It is understood that the certificates evidencing the Note may bear substantially the following legends
(in addition to any other legends as legal counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable under the applicable state and
federal securities laws or any other agreement to which the Company is a party): 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE
OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (i) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (ii) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.  

If this Note is to be transferred in compliance
with the foregoing, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver
upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with  Section 7(d)) , registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred,
a new Note (in accordance with  Section 7(d))  to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. 

(b)           Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification undertaking by the
Holder to the Company, in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with  Section 7(d))  representing the outstanding Principal. 

(c)           Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations . This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with  Section 7(d))  representing in the aggregate the outstanding
Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the
Holder at the time of such surrender. 

(d)           Issuance
of New Notes . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall
be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding
(or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to  Section 7(a)  or  Section 7(c) , the Principal designated by
the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does
not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior tosuch issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have
an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have
the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note from the Issuance
Date. 

8.         REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS,
OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.  

(a)          The
remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and, subject to  Section 8(b),  nothing herein shall limit
the Holder's right to pursue monetary damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. Amounts set
forth or provided for herein with respect to payments and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received
by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance
thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and
that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach
or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any
breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

(b)          Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the right of the Holder to receive payment of Principal and Interest on this Note, on or after the respective due
dates set forth herein, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such right to payment, shall not be impaired or affected without
the consent of the Holder. 

9.          PAYMENT
OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS.  If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement
or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this
Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company
or other proceedings affecting Company creditors' rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the
costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements. 

10.        CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS.  This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. 

11.        FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT  WAIVER .  No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 

12.        NOTICES;
PAYMENTS.  

(a)         Notices .
All notices, requests, consents, and other communications under this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered (i)
when delivered, if delivered personally, (ii) four (4) Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid; (iii) one Business Day after being sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service guaranteeing
next business day delivery, or (iv) when receipt is acknowledged, in the case of facsimile, in each case to the intended recipient
as set forth below: 

(i)          If
to the Holder, at: 

5023 North Parkway Calabasas 
Calabasas, CA 91302 

(ii)         If
to the Company, at: 

12424 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1030 

 Los Angeles, CA 90025 

 Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

or at such other address as
the Company or the Holder each may specify by written notice to the other parties hereto in accordance with this  Section 12 .
The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable
detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. 

(b)           Payments .
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful
money of the United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to
such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing;  provided  that the Holder may elect to receive
a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out
such request and the Holder's wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is
due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day. 

(c)           Withholding
Taxes . All payments made by the Company hereunder shall be made without withholding for or on account of any present or future
taxes (other than overall net income taxes imposed on the recipient). If any such withholding is so required, the Company shall
make the withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate authority before penalties attach thereto or interest accrues
thereon and pay to the recipient such additional amount as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by
the recipient free and clear of such taxes (including taxes on such additional amount) is equal to the amount that the recipient
would have received had such withholding not been made. If the recipient is required to pay any such taxes, penalties or interest,
the Company shall reimburse the recipient for that payment on demand. If the Company pays any such taxes, penalties or interest,
it shall deliver official tax receipts or other evidence of payment to the recipient on whose account such withholding was made
on or before the thirtieth day after payment. The Holder agrees to provide, promptly following the Company's request therefore,
such forms or certifications as it is legally able to provide to establish an exemption from, or a reduction in, any withholding
taxes that might otherwise apply. 

13.       CANCELLATION.
 After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall
automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued. 

14.       WAIVER
OF NOTICE.  To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices
in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note. 

15.       GOVERNING
LAW.  This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. 

16.       CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS.  For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)             Affiliate   
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with such entity provided that, for purposes of this definition,  control  (including, with correlative meanings, the
terms  controlled by  and  under common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through
the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise. 

(b)             Bankruptcy
Law    means Title II of the U.S. Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors. 

(c)             Business
Day    means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the city of Los Angeles
are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

(d)             Change
of Control    means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) a Fundamental Transaction in which holders of the Company's
voting power immediately prior to the Fundamental Transaction continue after the Fundamental Transaction to hold publicly traded
securities and, directly or indirectly, the voting power of the surviving entity or entities necessary to elect a majority of the
members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities, (ii) a Fundamental
Transaction with any Holder, any Affiliate of any Holder or any person otherwise related to or associated with a Holder, or (iii)
pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company. 

(e)             Common
Stock        means the Common Stock of the Company. 

(f)             Company     
  has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(g)             Contractual
Obligation    means, with respect to any Person, any contract, agreement, deed, mortgage, lease, sublease, license,
sublicense or other legally enforceable commitment, promise, undertaking, obligation, arrangement, instrument or understanding,
whether written or oral, to which or by which such Person is a party or otherwise subject or bound or to which or by which any
property, business, operation or right of such Person is subject or bound. 

(h)            
     Custodian        means     a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar
official. 

(i)            
     Event of Default    has the meaning set forth in  Section 3(a) . 

(j)             Exchange
Act        means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(k)             Fundamental
Transaction    means that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate
or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer,
convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another Person, or (iii) allow another
Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50% of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) consummate a stock purchase agreement or
other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including
any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other
Persons making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination), or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify
its Common Stock. 

(l)             GAAP     
  means generally accepted accounting principles as promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, as in effect
from time to time. 

(m)             Holder     
  has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(n)             Indebtedness     
  means, with respect to any Person, and without duplication, all Liabilities, including all obligations in respect of principal,
accrued interest, penalties, fees and premiums, of such Person (i) for borrowed money (including amounts outstanding under overdraft
facilities), (ii) evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar Contractual Obligations, (iii) in respect of  earn-out 
obligations and other obligations for the deferred purchase price of property, goods or services (other than trade payables or
accruals incurred in the ordinary course of business), (iv) for the capitalized liability under all capital leases of such Person
(determined in accordance with GAAP), (v) in respect of letters of credit and bankers' acceptances, (vi) for Contractual Obligations
relating to interest rate protection, swap agreements and collar agreements, in each case, to the extent payable if such Contractual
Obligation is terminated at the Closing, and (vii) in the nature of guarantees of the obligations described in clauses (i) through
(vi) above of any other Person. 

(o)             Interest
Rate        means seventeen percent (17%) per annum;  provided  that upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default, the Interest Rate shall be increased to twenty percent (20%) per annum. In the event that
such Event of Default is subsequently cured or waived, the Interest Rate shall be reduced to seventeen percent (17%) per annum
as of the date of such cure or waiver, it being understood, however, that unless the Holder otherwise agrees in writing, such reduction
shall not apply retroactively to the period when such Event of Default was continuing. 

(p)             Issuance
Date        has the meaning set forth in  Section 2 . 

(q)             Liability     
  means, with respect to any Person, any liability or obligation of such Person whether known or unknown, whether asserted
or unasserted, whether determined, determinable or otherwise, whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether
liquidated or unliquidated, whether directly incurred or consequential, whether due or to become due and whether or not required
under GAAP to be accrued on the financial statements of such Person. 

(r)             Lien     
  or    Liens        means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other
similar encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. 

(s)             Material
Adverse Effect        means any (i) adverse effect on the issuance or validity of this Note or the transactions
contemplated hereby or on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Note, or (ii) material adverse effect
on the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole. 

(t)             Maturity
Date        means the first anniversary of the Issuance Date. 

(u)             Note
Purchase Agreement        means that certain Note Purchase and Restructuring Agreement dated concurrently
herewith by and between the Company and Holder. 

(v)          
   Outstanding Note Obligations        means the outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest
and any other amounts outstanding under this Note as of any point in time. 

(w)             Permitted
Indebtedness        means     (i) Indebtedness incurred by the Company that is made expressly subordinate
in right of payment to the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, as reflected in a written agreement reasonably acceptable to the
Holder and approved by the Holder in writing, and which Indebtedness does not provide at any time for (A) the payment, prepayment,
repayment, repurchase or defeasance, directly or indirectly, of any principal or premium, if any, thereon until ninety-one (91)
days after the Maturity Date or later and (B) total interest and fees at a rate in excess of six percent (6%) per annum, (ii) Indebtedness
secured by Permitted Liens, (iii) Indebtedness to trade creditors or for professional services incurred in the ordinary course
of business, (iv) any Indebtedness owing under the Note, and (v) extensions, refinancings and renewals of any items of Permitted
Indebtedness described in clauses (i) through (iv) above, provided that the principal amount is not increased or the terms modified
to impose more burdensome terms upon the Company or its Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

(x)             Permitted
Liens        means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary
course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by
operation of law, such as materialmen's liens, mechanics' liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business
with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
(iv) Liens securing the Company's obligations under the Note, (v) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing
the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the
Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, (vi) Liens incurred
in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clauses
(i) through (v) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by
the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vii) leases
or subleases and licenses and sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of the Company's business, not interfering in
any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (viii) Liens in favor of customs and
revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods,
and (ix) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under  Section
3(a)(vi) .    

(y)             Person     
  means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated
organization, any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof. 

(z)             Principal     
  has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(aa)            Register     
  has the meaning set forth in  Section 17 . 

(bb)            SEC   
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(cc)            Securities
Act        means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(dd)            Subsidiary     
  means     any corporation, association trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other
business association or entity (i) at least 50% of the outstanding voting securities of which are at the time owned or controlled
directly or indirectly by the Company or (ii) with respect to which the Company possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to
direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of such Person. 

(ee)            Successor
Entity        means the Person, which may be the Company, formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental
Transaction or the Person with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been made. 

17.         REGISTERED
OBLIGATION.  The Company shall establish and maintain a record of ownership (the    Register    ) 
  in which it will register by book entry the interest of the Holder and of each subsequent assignee in this Note, and in
the right to receive any payments of principal and interest or any other payments hereunder, and any assignment of any such interest.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Note is intended to be treated as a registered obligation for federal income
tax purposes and the right, title, and interest of the Holder and its assignees in and to payments under this Note shall be transferable
only upon notation of such transfer in the Register. This Section shall be construed so that the Note is at all times maintained
in  registered form  within the meaning of Sections 163(1), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code and
any related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). 

18.         PRIORITY.
  This Note shall be subordinate only to that certain revolving promissory note issued by Moriah Education Management,
LLC on or about the Issuance Date, and shall be senior in priority to all other debt instruments issued by the Company existing
as of the Issuance Date and issued thereafter so long as any amounts remain outstanding under this Note. 

19.         SECURITY
INTEREST.  This Note  shall be secured by any and all office furniture owned by the Company as of the Issuance Date and
acquired thereafter so long as any amounts remain outstanding under this Note. 

20.         RESTRUCTURING.
 So long as the Company continues to make timely payments of interest pursuant to the terms of this Note, and is not otherwise
in default hereunder, on the one (1) year anniversary following the Issuance Date, the Company and Holder shall fully extinguish
and terminate all obligations under this Note (   Extinguishment   ) and the Company shall issue a new promissory
note to the Holder in the principal amount outstanding hereunder as of the date of Extinguishment, at an original issue discount
equal to ten percent (10%). 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Note to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: September 30, 2016  

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.:    

By:  

John Hall, Chief Executive Officer   

Acknowledged and Agreed:  

REDWOOD FUND, LP  

By:  
      Lady Face Capital, LLC  

its General Partner  

By:  

Ronald Levy, Chief Operating Officer  

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 7
 s104854_ex10-24.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.24

Exhibit 10.24  

EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

This Exchange Agreement
(the   Agreement  ) is entered into as of the 3rd day of October, 2016, by and among Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada
corporation with offices located at 12424 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1030, Los Angeles, CA 90205 (the   Company  ),
and the investor signatory hereto (the  Investor ), with reference to the following facts: 

A. On or about April
24, 2015, pursuant to that Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2015, by and among the Company and the Investor (the
  April 2015 Note Purchase Agreement  ), the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note and Warrant to Purchase
Common Stock to the Investor, certain of which are currently held by the Investor in such aggregate amounts as set forth below
the signature of the Investor hereto (without regard to any limitations on exercise set forth therein) (collectively, the   April
2015 Convertible Note and Warrant  , as exercised, the   April 2015 Convertible Note and Warrant Shares  ); 

B. On or about August
21, 2015, pursuant to that Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2015, by and among the Company and the Investor (the
  August 2015 Note Purchase Agreement  ), the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note and Warrant to Purchase
Common Stock to the Investor, certain of which are currently held by the Investor in such aggregate amounts as set forth below
the signature of the Investor hereto (without regard to any limitations on exercise set forth therein) (collectively, the   August
2015 Convertible Note and Warrant   and together with the April 2015 Convertible Note and Warrant, the   Investor
Notes and Warrants  , and as exercised, the   August 2015 Convertible Note and Warrant Shares   and together
with the April 2015 Convertible Note and Warrant Shares, collectively the   Investor Notes and Warrants Shares  ); 

C. The Company has duly
authorized the issuance to the Investor of new notes and warrants in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit A   to initially
purchase $685,000 in principal of new notes and warrants as set forth below the signature of the Investor hereto in exchange for
the Investor Notes and Warrants (the   Exchanged Notes and Warrants  , as exercised, the   Exchanged Notes
and Warrant Shares  , and together with the Exchanged Notes and Warrant, the   Exchanged Securities  ); 

D. Each of the Company
and the Investor desire to effectuate such exchanges on the basis and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; 

E. The exchange of the
Investor Notes and Warrants for the Exchanged Notes and Warrants is being made in reliance upon the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Securities Act  ); 

F. Capitalized terms
used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Note Purchase Agreements. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.             Exchange
of Securities  . On the Effective Date (as defined below), pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Investor
hereby agrees to fully extinguish, cancel and terminate any and all obligations under the Investor Notes and Warrants in exchange
for which the Company agrees to issue the Exchanged Notes and Warrants to the Investor as follows (such transactions in this Section
1, the   Exchange  ). 

(a)          In
exchange for the cancellation of the Investor Notes and Warrant, on the date hereof the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Investor (or its designee) the Exchanged Notes and Warrants at the address for delivery set forth on the signature page
of the Investor. The Exchanged Notes and Warrants shall be issued without any restrictive legend. 

(b)          The
Investor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company (or its designee) the Investor Notes and Warrants as soon as commercially
practicable following the date hereof. Immediately following the delivery of the Exchanged Notes and Warrants to the Investor
(or its designee) (such time, the   Delivery Time  ), the Investor Notes and Warrants shall be cancelled. 

(c)          The
Company and the Investor shall execute and/or deliver such other documents and agreements as are customary and reasonably necessary
to effectuate the Exchange. 

2.             Representations
and Warranties of the Company  . The Company represents and warrants to the Investor, as of the date hereof, and as of the
time of consummation of the Exchange, that: 

(a)           Organization
and Qualification . The Company and each Subsidiary are duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite power and
authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents except, with respect to the Subsidiaries, for violations which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each Subsidiary are
duly qualified to conduct its respective businesses and are in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except
where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)           Authorization
and Binding Obligation . The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and each of the other agreements and certificates entered into by the parties hereto in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the   Exchange Documents  ) and to issue the Exchanged Securities
in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery of the Exchange Documents by the Company and the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Exchanged
Securities, have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company and, other than such filings required under applicable
securities or  Blue Sky  laws of the states of the United States, no further filing, consent, or authorization is
required by the Company or of its Board of Directors or its shareholders. This Agreement and the other Exchange Documents have
been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles
of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors  rights and remedies. 

2   

(c)           No
Conflict; Required Filings and Consents . 

(i)          The
execution, delivery and performance of the Exchange Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Exchanged Warrants and reservation for issuance
and issuance of the Exchanged Warrant Shares) will not (A) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation, the terms
of any share capital of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Bylaws or any of the organizational documents of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both
would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (C) result in a violation of any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree (including U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules, and regulations, and the rules
and regulations of the OTC Markets (the   Principal Market  ) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected. 

(ii)         Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or, make any filing or registration
with, any court, governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute,
deliver or perform any of its obligations under or contemplated by the Exchange Documents, in each case in accordance with the
terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations (which the Company is required to obtain
pursuant to the preceding sentence) have been obtained or effected, or will have been obtained or effected, on or prior to the
date hereof, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances that might prevent the Company from
obtaining or effecting any of the registration, application or filings pursuant to the preceding sentence. The Company is not
in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts that would reasonably lead
to delisting or suspension of the shares of Common Stock by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. 

3   

(d)           No
Integration . None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, any of their affiliates, or any Person acting on their behalf has, directly
or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that
would require registration of any of Exchanged Securities under the Securities Act or cause this offering of the Exchanged Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act or any applicable shareholder approval
provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which
any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, their affiliates or any
Person acting on their behalf will take any action or steps referred to in the preceding sentence that would require registration
of any of Exchanged Securities under the Securities Act or cause the offering of the Exchanged Securities to be integrated with
other offerings. 

(e)           Securities
Law Exemptions . Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investor contained herein, the offer and
issuance by the Company of the Exchanged Securities is exempt from registration under the Securities Act and all applicable state
securities laws. The offer and issuance of the Exchanged Securities is exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant
to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) thereof. 

(f)           Issuance
of Exchanged Securities . The issuance of the Exchanged Securities is duly authorized and upon issuance in accordance with
the terms of the Exchange Documents shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens, charges
and other encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof. Upon issuance in accordance with the Exchanged Warrant, the Exchanged
Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, taxes, liens,
charges and other encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a
holder of Common Stock. 

(g)           No
Consideration Paid . No commission or other remuneration has been paid by Company for soliciting the exchange of the Investor
Warrant for the Exchanged Securities as contemplated hereby. 

(h)           Disclosure .
Other than as set forth in the Press Release (as defined below), the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting
on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be expected
to constitute material, nonpublic information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing
representations in effecting transactions in the Exchanged Securities. All disclosure provided to the Investor regarding the Company
and its Subsidiaries, their business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the schedules to this Agreement, furnished
by or on behalf of the Company is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or information exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation,
requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed. 

3.            Representations
and Warranties of Investors  . The Investor represents and warrants to the Company , as of the date hereof, as follows: 

4   

(a)           Organization
and Authority . The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Investor and the consummation by Investor of the transactions contemplated
hereby has been duly authorized by Investor s board of directors or other governing body. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by Investor and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Investor, enforceable against Investor in
accordance with its terms. 

(b)           Ownership
of Investor Notes and Warrants . The Investor owns the Investor Notes and Warrants free and clear of any liens (other than the
obligations pursuant to this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and applicable securities laws). 

(c)           Reliance
on Exemptions . The Investor understands that the Exchanged Securities are being offered and exchanged in reliance on specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying
in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Investor s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements,
acknowledgments and understandings of the Investor set forth herein and in the Exchange Documents in order to determine the availability
of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Exchanged Securities. 

(d)           Validity;
Enforcement . This Agreement and the Exchange Documents to which the Investor is a party have been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered on behalf of the Investor and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor
enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general
principles of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors  rights and remedies. 

(e)           No
Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the Exchange Documents to which the
Investor is a party, and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result
in a violation of the organizational documents of the Investor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Investor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of
any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to the Investor,
except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Investor to perform its obligations
hereunder. 

(f)           No
Consideration Paid . No commission or other remuneration has been paid by the Investor for soliciting the exchange of the Investor
Warrant for the Exchanged Warrant as contemplated hereby. 

5   

4.            Disclosure
of Transaction  . The Company shall, on or before 8:30 a.m., New York City Time, on the first business day after the date
of this Agreement, issue a press release and/or Current Report on Form 8-K (collectively, the   Press Release  )
disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby. From and after the issuance of the Press Release, the Investor
shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from the Company or any of its respective officers,
directors, employees or agents, that is not disclosed in the Press Release. The Company shall not, and shall cause its officers,
directors, employees and agents, not to, provide the Investor with any material, nonpublic information regarding the Company from
and after the filing of the Press Release without the express written consent of the Investor. The Company shall not disclose
the name of the Investor in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise, unless such disclosure is required by law or regulation. 

5.            No
Integration  . None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, any of their affiliates, or any Person acting on their behalf shall,
directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security (as defined in the Securities Act) or solicit any offers to buy
any security or take any other actions, under circumstances that would require registration of any of the Exchanged Securities
under the Securities Act or cause this offering of the Exchanged Securities to be integrated with such offering or any prior offerings
by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act or any applicable shareholder approval provisions, including, without limitation,
under the rules and regulations of the Principal Market and/or any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the
securities of the Company are listed or designated. 

6.            Holding
Period .  For the purposes of Rule 144, the Company acknowledges that the holding period of (i) the Exchanged Notes
and Warrant (and upon exercise of the Exchanged Notes and Warrants, the Exchanged Notes and Warrants Shares (if acquired using
a Cashless Exercise (as defined in the Exchanged Notes and Warrants))) may be tacked onto the holding period of the Investor Notes
and Warrants, and the Company agrees not to take a position contrary to this Section 9. The Company agrees to take all actions,
including, without limitation, the issuance by its legal counsel of any necessary legal opinions, necessary to issue the Exchanged
Notes and Warrants Shares that are freely tradable on the Principal Market without restriction and not containing any restrictive
legend without the need for any action by the Investor. 

7.            Form
D and Blue Sky  . The Company shall make all filings and reports relating to the Exchange required under applicable securities
or  Blue Sky  laws of the states of the United States following the date hereof, if any. 

8.            No
Commissions  . Neither the Company nor the Investor has paid or given, or will pay or give, to any person, any commission,
fee or other remuneration, directly or indirectly, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

9.            Termination  .
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Effective Date has not occurred and the Company does
not deliver the Exchanged Notes and Warrant to the Investor in accordance with Section 1 hereof, then, at the election of the
Investor delivered in writing to the Company at any time after the fifth (5th) business day immediately following the date of
this Agreement, this Agreement shall be terminated and be null and void ab initio and the Investor Notes and Warrants shall not
be terminated hereunder and shall remain outstanding as if this Agreement never existed. 

[The remainder of the
page is intentionally left blank] 

6   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
 Investor and the Company have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth on the first page of this Agreement. 

INVESTOR:   

Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC   

By: 

Name:  

Title:  

Amount of principal and interest of the notes and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise warrants of the Investor Notes and Warrants to be exchanged*:  

$685,000 in Principal and Interest and Warrants  

Amount of principal of the notes and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants of the Exchanged Notes and Warrants in the Exchange*:  

$685,000 in Principal and a Warrant for 5,000,000 warrant shares  

Delivery Information:  

Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC  

c/o Josh Scheinfeld/Robert Garcia  

440 N. Wells St., #440  

Chicago, IL 60654  

* Without regard to any limitations on exercise set forth therein  

THE COMPANY:   

Greenwood Hall, Inc.   

By: 

Name:  

Title:  

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 8
 s104854_ex10-25.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.25

Exhibit 10.25  

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE  

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (i) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL,
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (ii) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT.  

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.  

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE  

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ,
Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the    Company   ), hereby promises to pay to  Lincoln Park
Capital Fund, LLC , or its registered assigns (the    Holder   ), the amount set out above opposite the
caption  Principal  (as such amount may be increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, through
prepayment or otherwise, the    Principal   ) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below),
acceleration, prepayment or otherwise (in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay Interest (as defined below)
on the outstanding Principal at the rates, in the manner and at the times set forth herein. This Convertible Promissory Note (the
   Note   ) is issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined
in  Section 18 . 

1.           PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL . 

(a)           Voluntary .
Subject to the Holder s written consent, the Company may prepay this Note at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty
or premium. All prepayments of Principal made pursuant to this  Section 1(a)  shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid Interest
thereon through such prepayment date. 

(b)           Mandatory .
Subject to the Holder s right to convert under  Section 3 , on the Maturity Date, the Holder shall surrender this Note
to the Company and the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash an amount equal to the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid
Interest thereon. 

2.           INTEREST .
Simple interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal at the Interest Rate from and including the date set forth above opposite
the caption      Issuance Date      (the    Issuance Date   ) until the Principal
is paid in full, shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and actual days elapsed. 

(a)           Payment
of Interest in Cash . Unless the Holder of the Note requires otherwise but except for the period when Interest is calculated
at the default rate, Interest shall be payable on the Maturity Date to the record holder of this Note as of the last day of the
Interest Period, which is required to be made in cash (   Cash Interest   ) subject to  Section 2(b) .
Interest will not be payable in connection with the principal amounts converted into Company Conversion Securities (as defined
in Section 3(a) below). 

(b)           Application
of Payments . Payments made in connection with this Note shall be applied first to amounts due hereunder other than Principal
and Interest, thereafter to Interest and finally to Principal. 

3.           CONVERSION
OF NOTE . This Note shall be convertible into equity securities of Company, on the terms and conditions set forth in this  Section
3 . 

(a)           Voluntary
Conversion . During the first six months from issuance up to 50% of the Principal and Interest shall be convertible and up to
75% of the Principal and Interest by the nine month anniversary of issuance and thereafter at any time after the Issuance Date
until this Note is no longer outstanding, this Note shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the
option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (   Company Conversion Securities   ). The Holder
shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as  Annex
A  (each, a    Notice of Conversion   ), specifying therein the principal amount of this Note to be converted
and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the    Conversion Date   ). If no Conversion
Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered
hereunder. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless
the entire principal amount of this Note has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records
showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company must deliver an objection, if any, to
a Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion or any objection will be deemed waived.
In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of
manifest error.  The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may
be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.  

(b)           Conversion
Price . The conversion price (the    Conversion Price   ) shall be subject to equitable adjustments for
stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of
any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events.
The Conversion Price shall mean $.03 per share. The amount of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note is subject
to adjustment as described in this Note. Adjustments made after conversions but prior to the delivery of the subject Conversion
Shares which result in an increase in the amount of Conversion Shares shall have retroactive effect and the Company shall promptly
deliver to Holder additional Conversion Shares as a result of such retroactive adjustment. 

(c)           Mechanics
of Conversion . 

(i)           Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount . The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall
be determined by dividing the principal amount of the Note being converted by Conversion Price determined in accordance with Section
3(b). 

(ii)          Delivery
of Certificate Upon Conversion . Not later than three (3) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the    Share Delivery
Date   ), the Company provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust Company ( DTC )
Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of Conversion Shares to
which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holder s or its designee s balance account with DTC
through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system, or if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program or if the certificates are required to bear a legend regarding restriction on transferability, issue
and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register
in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such conversion The Conversion Shares will be delivered without any legend in accordance with Section 4.1(c), when applicable. 

(iii)         Failure
to Deliver Certificates . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to
the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event
the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return
to the Company the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

(iv)         Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the
Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or
alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law
by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares;  provided ,  however , that such delivery
shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder
of this Note shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion
based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law,
agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion
of all or part of this Note shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder
in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and accrued interest, which is subject to the injunction,
which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of
which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent Holder obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall
issue Conversion Shares upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate
or certificates pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of principal amount being converted, $10 per Business Day (increasing to $20 per
Business Day on the fifth (5 th ) Business Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Business Day after
such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a
Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 4 hereof for the Company s
failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section
hereof or under applicable law. 

(v)          Shares
Issuable Upon Conversion . All shares of Common Stock that shall be issuable hereunder shall, upon issue, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if a registration statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall
be registered for public resale in accordance with such registration statement. 

(vi)         Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to
any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall round
up to the next whole share. 

(vii)        Transfer
Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made without
charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note
so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any
Notice of Conversion. 

(d)           Beneficial
Ownership . The Company shall not effect the conversion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert this
Note, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such Holder (together with such Holder s affiliates and any
other Persons acting as a group together with such Holder) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the  Maximum Percentage )
of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates shall include the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Note with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made,
but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this
Note beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates (including, without limitation, any
convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
it being acknowledged that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act, and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes
of this Note, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Company s most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or
other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the
Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, where such request indicates that it is being made
pursuant to this Note, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after
giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder and its affiliates
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the
Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% specified
in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is
delivered to the Company, and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder. 

4.           EVENTS
OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT . 

(a)           Events
of Default . Each of the following events (so long as it is continuing) shall constitute an    Event of Default   : 

(i)          any
Change of Control; 

(ii)         the
Company s failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest or other amounts when and as due under this Note,
provided, that in the case of a failure to pay Interest when and as due, such failure shall constitute an Event of Default only
if such failure continues for a period of at least three (3) Business Days; 

(iii)        any
event of default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than this Note) in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $50,000; 

(iv)        the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (A) commences a voluntary case, (B)
consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian,
(D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (E) admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its
debts as they become due; 

(v)         a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) orders
the liquidation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(vi)        a
final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $50,000 are rendered against the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending
appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, that any judgment which
is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a creditworthy party shall not be included in calculating the $50,000 amount set forth
above so long as the Company provides the Holder with a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written
statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity
and the Company will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment
or such later date as provided by the terms of such insurance policy; 

(vii)       any
representation or warranty made by the Company in this Note or the Exchange Agreement shall prove to be materially false or misleading
as of the date made or deemed made; 

(viii)      the
Company shall breach any covenant or other material term or condition of this Note or the Exchange Agreement and, in the case of
a breach of a covenant or term or condition which is curable, such breach continues for a period of at least ten (10) consecutive
Business Days; or 

(ix)         any
material provision of this Note or the Exchange Agreement ceases to be of full force and effect other than by its terms, or the
Company contests in writing (or supports any other person in contesting) the validity or enforceability of any provision of this
Note or the Exchange Agreement. 

(b)           Acceleration .
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Holder may take either or both of the following actions:
(i) declare all or any part of the Outstanding Note Obligations to be immediately due and payable;  provided ,  however ,
that if an Event of Default shall occur under either  Section 4(a)(iv)  or  4(a)(v) , the outstanding Principal, accrued
and unpaid Interest and any other amounts outstanding under this Note shall automatically become immediately due and payable, and
(ii) exercise on behalf of itself all rights and remedies available to it under applicable law. To the extent that the Holder declares
this Note to be immediately due and payable (or this Note becomes due and payable following an Event of Default under  Section
4(a)(iv)  or  4(a)(v)) , the Company shall pay the sum of the Outstanding Note Obligations to the Holder within five (5)
Business Days after the date that the Outstanding Note Obligations are declared due and payable, and upon full payment, the Note
shall be extinguished. 

5.           RIGHTS
UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION . The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor
Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this  Section
5  pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced
by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note, including, without limitation, having a principal
amount and interest rate equal to the principal amount and the interest rate of this Note and having similar ranking to this Note,
and satisfactory to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note referring to the
 Company  shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as
the Company herein. The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and
shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the redemption of this Note. 

6.           RESERVATION
OF AUTHORIZED SHARES . Prior to the Issuance Date, the Company shall reserve out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock
and Company Conversion Securities a number of shares of Common Stock and Company Conversion Securities equal to the number of shares
of Common Stock and Company Conversion Securities as shall be necessary to effect the conversion of this Note in Company Conversion
Securities and any shares of Common Stock upon conversion or exercise of such Company Conversion Securities. 

7.           COVENANTS . 

(a)           Incurrence
of Indebtedness . So long as this Note is outstanding, without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Holder, the Company
shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer
to exist any Indebtedness, other than (i) the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, (ii) Permitted Indebtedness, iii) pre-offering
unsecured debt or unsecured convertible debt not to exceed $ 2,000,000, iv) bridge financing provided by an investment bank/underwriter,
v) debt financing arranged by an investment banking firm or underwriter; vi) refinancing of secured debt that is currently outstanding
as of the date of this Note, and vii) repayment of any convertible notes that are currently outstanding as of the date of this
note and/or become due prior to the Maturity Date of this Note (Lincoln Park s 4/2015 convertible note) if applicable. 

(b)           Existence
of Liens . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist Lien other than Permitted Liens. 

(c)           Restricted
Payments . The Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, redeem,
defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part,
whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness
described in clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium,
if any) or interest on such Indebtedness if at the time such payment is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such
payment, an event constituting, or that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute, an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing. 

8.           AMENDMENTS .
The affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written consent without a meeting of the Holder shall be
required for any amendment or waiver of this Note. 

9.           REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE . 

(a)           Transfer .
The Company may, as a condition to the transfer of any of this Note, require that the request for transfer be accompanied by an
opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the proposed transfer does not result in a violation
of the Securities Act, unless such transfer is covered by an effective registration statement or by Rule 144 or Rule 144A under
the Securities Act;  provided ,  however , that an opinion of counsel shall not be required for a transfer by a Holder
that is (i) a partnership transferring to its partners or former partners in accordance with partnership interests, (ii) a corporation
transferring to a wholly owned subsidiary or a parent corporation that owns all of the capital stock of the Holder, (iii) a limited
liability company transferring to its members or former members in accordance with their interest in the limited liability company,
(iv) an individual transferring to the Holder s family member or trust for the benefit of an individual Holder, or (v) transferring
its Note to any Affiliate of the Holder, in the case of an institutional investor, or other Person under common management with
such Holder;  provided ,  further , that (A) the transferee in each case agrees to be subject to the restrictions in
this  Section 9  and provides the Company with a representation letter containing substantially the same representations and
warranties of a  Purchaser  set forth in the Exchange Agreement, (B) the Company satisfies itself that the number of
transferees is sufficiently limited and (C) in the case of transferees that are partners or limited liability company members,
the transfer is for no consideration. It is understood that the certificates evidencing any Notes may bear substantially the following
legends (in addition to any other legends as legal counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable under the applicable state
and federal securities laws or any other agreement to which the Company is a party): 

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (i) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL,
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (ii) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT.  

If this Note is to be transferred in compliance
with the foregoing, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver
upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with  Section 9(d)) , registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred,
a new Note (in accordance with  Section 9(d))  to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. 

(b)           Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification undertaking by the
Holder to the Company, in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with  Section 9(d))  representing the outstanding Principal. 

(c)           Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations . This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with  Section 9(d))  representing in the aggregate the outstanding
Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the
Holder at the time of such surrender. 

(d)           Issuance
of New Notes . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall
be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding
(or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to  Section 9(a)  or  Section 9(c ), the Principal designated by
the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does
not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have
an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have
the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note from the Issuance
Date. 

10.         REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF . 

(a)          The
remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and, subject to  Section 10(b) , nothing herein shall limit
the Holder s right to pursue monetary damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. Amounts
set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be
received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or
the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm
to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event
of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction
restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

(b)          Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the right of the Holder to receive payment of Principal and Interest on this Note, on or after the respective due
dates set forth herein, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such right to payment, shall not be impaired or affected without
the consent of the Holder. 

11.         PAYMENT
OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS . If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement
or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this
Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company
or other proceedings affecting Company creditors  rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay
the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements. 

12.         CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. 

13.         FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other
or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 

14.         NOTICES;
PAYMENTS . 

(a)           Notices .
All notices, requests, consents, and other communications under this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered (i)
when delivered, if delivered personally, (ii) four (4) Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid; (iii) one Business Day after being sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service guaranteeing
next business day delivery, or (iv) when receipt is acknowledged, in the case of facsimile, in each case to the intended recipient
as set forth below: 

(i)           If
to the Holder, at: 

440 N. Wells
St., #410 

 Chicago, IL 60654 

 Attn: Josh Scheinfeld or Jonathon
Cope 

(ii)          If
to the Company, at: 

12424 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 1030 

 Los Angeles, California 90024 

 Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

or at such other address as the Company
or the Holder each may specify by written notice to the other parties hereto in accordance with this  Section 14 . The Company
shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail
a description of such action and the reason therefore. 

(b)           Payments .
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful
money of the United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to
such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing;  provided  that the Holder may elect to receive
a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out
such request and the Holder s wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note
is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day. 

(c)           Withholding
Taxes . All payments made by the Company hereunder shall be made without withholding for or on account of any present or future
taxes (other than overall net income taxes imposed on the recipient). If any such withholding is so required, the Company shall
make the withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate authority before penalties attach thereto or interest accrues
thereon and pay to the recipient such additional amount as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by
the recipient free and clear of such taxes (including taxes on such additional amount) is equal to the amount that the recipient
would have received had such withholding not been made. If the recipient is required to pay any such taxes, penalties or interest,
the Company shall reimburse the recipient for that payment on demand. If the Company pays any such taxes, penalties or interest,
it shall deliver official tax receipts or other evidence of payment to the recipient on whose account such withholding was made
on or before the thirtieth day after payment. The Holder agrees to provide, promptly following the Company s request therefore,
such forms or certifications as it is legally able to provide to establish an exemption from, or a reduction in, any withholding
taxes that might otherwise apply. 

15.         CANCELLATION .
After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically
be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued. 

16.         WAIVER
OF NOTICE . To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices
in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note. 

17.         GOVERNING
LAW . This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. 

18.         CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)             Affiliate   
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with such entity provided that, for purposes of this definition,  control  (including, with correlative meanings, the
terms  controlled by  and  under common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through
the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise. 

(b)             Bankruptcy
Law    means Title 11 of the U.S. Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors. 

(c)             Business
Day    means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the city of Los Angeles
are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

(d)             Cash
Interest    has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a) . 

(e)             Change
of Control    means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) a Fundamental Transaction in which holders of the Company s
voting power immediately prior to the Fundamental Transaction continue after the Fundamental Transaction to hold publicly traded
securities and, directly or indirectly, the voting power of the surviving entity or entities necessary to elect a majority of the
members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities, (ii) a Fundamental
Transaction with any Holder, any Affiliate of any Holder or any person otherwise related to or associated with a Holder, or (iii)
pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company. 

(f)              Common
Stock    means the Common Stock of the Company. 

(g)             Company   
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(h)             Company
Conversion Securities    has the meaning set forth in  Section 3(a) . 

(i)              Contractual
Obligation    means, with respect to any Person, any contract, agreement, deed, mortgage, lease, sublease, license,
sublicense or other legally enforceable commitment, promise, undertaking, obligation, arrangement, instrument or understanding,
whether written or oral, to which or by which such Person is a party or otherwise subject or bound or to which or by which any
property, business, operation or right of such Person is subject or bound. 

(j)              Custodian   
means a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official. 

(k)             Event
of Default    has the meaning set forth in  Section 4(a) . 

(l)             Exchange
Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(m)            Exchange
Agreement    means that certain Exchange Agreement dated concurrently herewith by and between the Company and the Holder. 

(n)             Fundamental
Transaction    means that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate
or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer,
convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another Person, or (iii) allow another
Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50% of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) consummate a stock purchase agreement or
other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including
any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other
Persons making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination), or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify
its Common Stock. 

(o)             GAAP   
means generally accepted accounting principles as promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time
to time. 

(p)         
   Holder    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(q)             Indebtedness   
means, with respect to any Person, and without duplication, all Liabilities, including all obligations in respect of principal,
accrued interest, penalties, fees and premiums, of such Person (i) for borrowed money (including amounts outstanding under overdraft
facilities), (ii) evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar Contractual Obligations, (iii) in respect of  earn-out 
obligations and other obligations for the deferred purchase price of property, goods or services (other than trade payables or
accruals incurred in the ordinary course of business), (iv) for the capitalized liability under all capital leases of such Person
(determined in accordance with GAAP), (v) in respect of letters of credit and bankers  acceptances, (vi) for Contractual
Obligations relating to interest rate protection, swap agreements and collar agreements, in each case, to the extent payable if
such Contractual Obligation is terminated at the Closing, and (vii) in the nature of guarantees of the obligations described in
clauses (i) through (vi) above of any other Person. 

(r)              Interest   
means any Cash Interest payable under this Note. 

(s)             Interest
Period    means the period beginning on and including the Issuance Date and ending on and including the Maturity Date. 

(t)             Interest
Rate    means twelve percent (12%) per annum;  provided  that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default, the Interest Rate shall be increased to eighteen percent (18%) per annum. In the event that such Event of
Default is subsequently cured or waived, the Interest Rate shall be reduced to tweleve percent (12%) per annum as of the date of
such cure or waiver, it being understood, however, that unless the Holder otherwise agrees in writing, such reduction shall not
apply retroactively to the period when such Event of Default was continuing. 

(u)             Issuance
Date    has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.  

(v)             Liability   
means, with respect to any Person, any liability or obligation of such Person whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted,
whether determined, determinable or otherwise, whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated
or unliquidated, whether directly incurred or consequential, whether due or to become due and whether or not required under GAAP
to be accrued on the financial statements of such Person. 

(w)            Lien   
or    Liens    means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other similar encumbrance upon
or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(x)             Material
Adverse Effect    means any (i) adverse effect on the issuance or validity of this Note or the transactions contemplated
hereby or on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Note, or (ii) material adverse effect on the condition
(financial or otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as
a whole. 

(y)             Maturity
Date    means September 30, 2019. 

(z)             Notes   
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(aa)           Outstanding
Note Obligations    means the outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest and any other amounts outstanding
under this Note as of any point in time. 

(bb)           Permitted
Indebtedness    means (i) Indebtedness incurred by the Company that is made expressly subordinate in right of payment
to the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, as reflected in a written agreement reasonably acceptable to the Holder and approved
by the Holder in writing, and which Indebtedness does not provide at any time for (A) the payment, prepayment, repayment, repurchase
or defeasance, directly or indirectly, of any principal or premium, if any, thereon until ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity
Date or later and (B) total interest and fees at a rate in excess of ten percent (10%) per annum, (ii) Indebtedness secured by
Permitted Liens, (iii) Indebtedness to trade creditors or for professional services incurred in the ordinary course of business,
(iv) any Indebtedness owing under the Note, and (v) extensions, refinancings and renewals of any items of Permitted Indebtedness
described in clauses (i) through (iv) above, provided that the principal amount is not increased or the terms modified to impose
more burdensome terms upon the Company or its Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

(cc)           Permitted
Liens    means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course
of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation
of law, such as materialmen s liens, mechanics  liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business
with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
(iv) Liens securing the Company s obligations under the Note, (v) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose
of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided
that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, (vi)
Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described
in clauses (i) through (v) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered
by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vii)
leases or subleases and licenses and sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of the Company s business, not
interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (viii) Liens in favor
of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation
of goods, and (ix) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under
 Section 4(a)(vi).  

(dd)           Person   
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof. 

(ee)           Principal   
has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(ff)            Register   
has the meaning set forth in  Section 19 . 

(gg)           SEC   
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(hh)           Securities
Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(ii)             Subsidiary   
means any corporation, association trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other business association or
entity (i) at least 50% of the outstanding voting securities of which are at the time owned or controlled directly or indirectly
by the Company or (ii) with respect to which the Company possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction
of the affairs or management of such Person. 

(jj)             Successor
Entity    means the Person, which may be the Company, formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction
or the Person with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been made. 

19.         REGISTERED
OBLIGATION . The Company shall establish and maintain a record of ownership (the    Register   ) in which
it will register by book entry the interest of the Holder and of each subsequent assignee in this Note, and in the right to receive
any payments of principal and interest or any other payments hereunder, and any assignment of any such interest. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, this Note is intended to be treated as a registered obligation for federal income tax purposes
and the right, title, and interest of the Holder and its assignees in and to payments under this Note shall be transferable only
upon notation of such transfer in the Register. This Section shall be construed so that the Note is at all times maintained in
     registered form      within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the
Internal Revenue Code and any related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has
caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above. 

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.   

By: 

Name: John Hall 
         Title: Chief Executive Officer   

Accepted and Agreed:  

Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC  

By: 
     Lincoln Park Capital, LLC 

By: 
     Rockledge Capital Corporation 

By: 

Name: Josh Scheinfeld 

Title: President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO  

  CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE  

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 9
 s104854_ex10-26.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.26

Exhibit 10.26  

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE  

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (i) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL,
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (ii) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT.  

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.  

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE  

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ,
Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the    Company   ), hereby promises to pay to  Lincoln Park
Capital Fund, LLC , or its registered assigns (the    Holder   ), the amount set out above opposite the
caption  Principal  (as such amount may be increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, through
prepayment or otherwise, the    Principal   ) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below),
acceleration, prepayment or otherwise (in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay Interest (as defined below)
on the outstanding Principal at the rates, in the manner and at the times set forth herein. This Convertible Promissory Note (the
   Note   ) is issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement. Certain capitalized terms used herein are
defined in  Section 18 . 

1.           PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL . 

(a)           Voluntary .
Subject to the Holder s written consent, the Company may prepay this Note at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty
or premium. All prepayments of Principal made pursuant to this  Section 1(a)  shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid Interest
thereon through such prepayment date. 

(b)           Mandatory .
Subject to the Holder s right to convert under  Section 3 , on the Maturity Date, the Holder shall surrender this Note
to the Company and the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash an amount equal to the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid
Interest thereon. 

2.           INTEREST .
Simple interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal at the Interest Rate from and including the date set forth above opposite
the caption      Issuance Date      (the    Issuance Date   ) until the Principal
is paid in full, shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and actual days elapsed. 

(a)           Payment
of Interest in Cash . Unless the Holder of the Note requires otherwise but except for the period when Interest is calculated
at the default rate, Interest shall be payable on the Maturity Date to the record holder of this Note as of the last day of the
Interest Period, which is required to be made in cash (   Cash Interest   ) subject to  Section 2(b) .
Interest will not be payable in connection with the principal amounts converted into Company Conversion Securities (as defined
in Section 3(a) below). 

(b)           Application
of Payments . Payments made in connection with this Note shall be applied first to amounts due hereunder other than Principal
and Interest, thereafter to Interest and finally to Principal. 

3.           CONVERSION
OF NOTE . This Note shall be convertible into equity securities of Company, on the terms and conditions set forth in this  Section
3 . 

(a)           Voluntary
Conversion . During the first six months from issuance up to 50% of the Principal and Interest shall be convertible and up to
75% of the Principal and Interest by the nine month anniversary of issuance and thereafter at any time after the Issuance Date
until this Note is no longer outstanding, this Note shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the
option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (   Company Conversion Securities   ). The Holder
shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as  Annex
A  (each, a    Notice of Conversion   ), specifying therein the principal amount of this Note to be converted
and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the    Conversion Date   ). If no Conversion
Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered
hereunder. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless
the entire principal amount of this Note has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records
showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company must deliver an objection, if any, to
a Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion or any objection will be deemed waived.
In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of
manifest error.  The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may
be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.  

(b)           Conversion
Price . The conversion price (the    Conversion Price   ) shall be subject to equitable adjustments for
stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of
any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events.
The Conversion Price shall mean $.03 per share. The amount of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note is subject
to adjustment as described in this Note. Adjustments made after conversions but prior to the delivery of the subject Conversion
Shares which result in an increase in the amount of Conversion Shares shall have retroactive effect and the Company shall promptly
deliver to Holder additional Conversion Shares as a result of such retroactive adjustment. 

(c)           Mechanics
of Conversion . 

(i)           Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount . The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall
be determined by dividing the principal amount of the Note being converted by Conversion Price determined in accordance with Section
3(b). 

(ii)          Delivery
of Certificate Upon Conversion . Not later than three (3) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the    Share Delivery
Date   ), the Company provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust Company ( DTC )
Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of Conversion Shares to
which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holder s or its designee s balance account with DTC
through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system, or if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program or if the certificates are required to bear a legend regarding restriction on transferability, issue
and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register
in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such conversion The Conversion Shares will be delivered without any legend in accordance with Section 4.1(c), when applicable. 

(iii)         Failure
to Deliver Certificates . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to
the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event
the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return
to the Company the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

(iv)         Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the
Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or
alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law
by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares;  provided ,  however , that such delivery
shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder
of this Note shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion
based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law,
agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion
of all or part of this Note shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder
in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and accrued interest, which is subject to the injunction,
which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of
which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent Holder obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall
issue Conversion Shares upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate
or certificates pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of principal amount being converted, $10 per Business Day (increasing to $20 per
Business Day on the fifth (5 th ) Business Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Business Day after
such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a
Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 4 hereof for the Company s
failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section
hereof or under applicable law. 

(v)          Shares
Issuable Upon Conversion . All shares of Common Stock that shall be issuable hereunder shall, upon issue, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if a registration statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall
be registered for public resale in accordance with such registration statement. 

(vi)         Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to
any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall round
up to the next whole share. 

(vii)        Transfer
Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made without
charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note
so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any
Notice of Conversion. 

(d)           Beneficial
Ownership . The Company shall not effect the conversion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert this
Note, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such Holder (together with such Holder s affiliates and any
other Persons acting as a group together with such Holder) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the  Maximum Percentage )
of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates shall include the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Note with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made,
but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this
Note beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such Person and its affiliates (including, without limitation, any
convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
it being acknowledged that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act, and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes
of this Note, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Company s most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or
other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the
Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, where such request indicates that it is being made
pursuant to this Note, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after
giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder and its affiliates
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the
Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% specified
in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is
delivered to the Company, and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder. 

4.           EVENTS
OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT . 

(a)           Events
of Default . Each of the following events (so long as it is continuing) shall constitute an    Event of Default   : 

(i)          any
Change of Control; 

(ii)         the
Company s failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest or other amounts when and as due under this Note,
provided, that in the case of a failure to pay Interest when and as due, such failure shall constitute an Event of Default only
if such failure continues for a period of at least three (3) Business Days; 

(iii)        any
event of default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than this Note) in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $50,000; 

(iv)        the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (A) commences a voluntary case, (B)
consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian,
(D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (E) admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its
debts as they become due; 

(v)         a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) orders
the liquidation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(vi)        a
final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $50,000 are rendered against the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending
appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, that any judgment which
is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a creditworthy party shall not be included in calculating the $50,000 amount set forth
above so long as the Company provides the Holder with a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written
statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity
and the Company will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment
or such later date as provided by the terms of such insurance policy; 

(vii)       any
representation or warranty made by the Company in this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement shall prove to be materially false or
misleading as of the date made or deemed made; 

(viii)      the
Company shall breach any covenant or other material term or condition of this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement and, in the case
of a breach of a covenant or term or condition which is curable, such breach continues for a period of at least ten (10) consecutive
Business Days; or 

(ix)         any
material provision of this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement ceases to be of full force and effect other than by its terms, or
the Company contests in writing (or supports any other person in contesting) the validity or enforceability of any provision of
this Note or the Note Purchase Agreement. 

(b)           Acceleration .
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Holder may take either or both of the following actions:
(i) declare all or any part of the Outstanding Note Obligations to be immediately due and payable;  provided ,  however ,
that if an Event of Default shall occur under either  Section 4(a)(iv)  or  4(a)(v) , the outstanding Principal, accrued
and unpaid Interest and any other amounts outstanding under this Note shall automatically become immediately due and payable, and
(ii) exercise on behalf of itself all rights and remedies available to it under applicable law. To the extent that the Holder declares
this Note to be immediately due and payable (or this Note becomes due and payable following an Event of Default under  Section
4(a)(iv)  or  4(a)(v)) , the Company shall pay the sum of the Outstanding Note Obligations to the Holder within five (5)
Business Days after the date that the Outstanding Note Obligations are declared due and payable, and upon full payment, the Note
shall be extinguished. 

5.           RIGHTS
UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION . The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor
Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this  Section
5  pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced
by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note, including, without limitation, having a principal
amount and interest rate equal to the principal amount and the interest rate of this Note and having similar ranking to this Note,
and satisfactory to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note referring to the
 Company  shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as
the Company herein. The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and
shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the redemption of this Note. 

6.           RESERVATION
OF AUTHORIZED SHARES . Prior to the Issuance Date, the Company shall reserve out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock
and Company Conversion Securities a number of shares of Common Stock and Company Conversion Securities equal to the number of shares
of Common Stock and Company Conversion Securities as shall be necessary to effect the conversion of this Note in Company Conversion
Securities and any shares of Common Stock upon conversion or exercise of such Company Conversion Securities. 

7.           COVENANTS . 

(a)           Incurrence
of Indebtedness . So long as this Note is outstanding, without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Holder, the Company
shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer
to exist any Indebtedness, other than (i) the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, (ii) Permitted Indebtedness, iii) pre-offering
unsecured debt or unsecured convertible debt not to exceed $ 2,000,000, iv) bridge financing provided by an investment bank/underwriter,
v) debt financing arranged by an investment banking firm or underwriter; vi) refinancing of secured debt that is currently outstanding
as of the date of this Note, and vii) repayment of any convertible notes that are currently outstanding as of the date of this
note and/or become due prior to the Maturity Date of this Note (Lincoln Park s 4/2015 convertible note) if applicable. 

(b)           Existence
of Liens . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist Lien other than Permitted Liens. 

(c)           Restricted
Payments . The Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, redeem,
defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part,
whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness
described in clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium,
if any) or interest on such Indebtedness if at the time such payment is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such
payment, an event constituting, or that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute, an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing. 

8.           AMENDMENTS .
The affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written consent without a meeting of the Holder shall be
required for any amendment or waiver of this Note. 

9.           REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE . 

(a)           Transfer .
The Company may, as a condition to the transfer of any of this Note, require that the request for transfer be accompanied by an
opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the proposed transfer does not result in a violation
of the Securities Act, unless such transfer is covered by an effective registration statement or by Rule 144 or Rule 144A under
the Securities Act;  provided ,  however , that an opinion of counsel shall not be required for a transfer by a Holder
that is (i) a partnership transferring to its partners or former partners in accordance with partnership interests, (ii) a corporation
transferring to a wholly owned subsidiary or a parent corporation that owns all of the capital stock of the Holder, (iii) a limited
liability company transferring to its members or former members in accordance with their interest in the limited liability company,
(iv) an individual transferring to the Holder s family member or trust for the benefit of an individual Holder, or (v) transferring
its Note to any Affiliate of the Holder, in the case of an institutional investor, or other Person under common management with
such Holder;  provided ,  further , that (A) the transferee in each case agrees to be subject to the restrictions in
this  Section 9  and provides the Company with a representation letter containing substantially the same representations and
warranties of a  Purchaser  set forth in the Note Purchase Agreement, (B) the Company satisfies itself that the number
of transferees is sufficiently limited and (C) in the case of transferees that are partners or limited liability company members,
the transfer is for no consideration. It is understood that the certificates evidencing any Notes may bear substantially the following
legends (in addition to any other legends as legal counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable under the applicable state
and federal securities laws or any other agreement to which the Company is a party): 

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (i) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL,
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (ii) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT.  

If this Note is to be transferred in compliance
with the foregoing, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver
upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with  Section 9(d)) , registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred,
a new Note (in accordance with  Section 9(d))  to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. 

(b)           Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification undertaking by the
Holder to the Company, in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with  Section 9(d))  representing the outstanding Principal. 

(c)           Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations . This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal
office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with  Section 9(d))  representing in the aggregate the outstanding
Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the
Holder at the time of such surrender. 

(d)           Issuance
of New Notes . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall
be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding
(or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to  Section 9(a)  or  Section 9(c ), the Principal designated by
the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does
not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have
an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have
the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note from the Issuance
Date. 

10.         REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF . 

(a)          The
remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and, subject to  Section 10(b) , nothing herein shall limit
the Holder s right to pursue monetary damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. Amounts
set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be
received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or
the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm
to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event
of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction
restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

(b)          Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the right of the Holder to receive payment of Principal and Interest on this Note, on or after the respective due
dates set forth herein, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such right to payment, shall not be impaired or affected without
the consent of the Holder. 

11.         PAYMENT
OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS . If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement
or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this
Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company
or other proceedings affecting Company creditors  rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay
the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements. 

12.         CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. 

13.         FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other
or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 

14.         NOTICES;
PAYMENTS . 

(a)           Notices .
All notices, requests, consents, and other communications under this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered (i)
when delivered, if delivered personally, (ii) four (4) Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid; (iii) one Business Day after being sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service guaranteeing
next business day delivery, or (iv) when receipt is acknowledged, in the case of facsimile, in each case to the intended recipient
as set forth below: 

(i)           If
to the Holder, at: 

440 N. Wells
St., #410 

 Chicago, IL 60654 

 Attn: Josh Scheinfeld or Jonathon
Cope 

(ii)          If
to the Company, at: 

12424 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 1030 

 Los Angeles, California 90024 

 Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

or at such other address as the Company
or the Holder each may specify by written notice to the other parties hereto in accordance with this  Section 14 . The Company
shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail
a description of such action and the reason therefore. 

(b)           Payments .
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful
money of the United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to
such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing;  provided  that the Holder may elect to receive
a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out
such request and the Holder s wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note
is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day. 

(c)           Withholding
Taxes . All payments made by the Company hereunder shall be made without withholding for or on account of any present or future
taxes (other than overall net income taxes imposed on the recipient). If any such withholding is so required, the Company shall
make the withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate authority before penalties attach thereto or interest accrues
thereon and pay to the recipient such additional amount as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by
the recipient free and clear of such taxes (including taxes on such additional amount) is equal to the amount that the recipient
would have received had such withholding not been made. If the recipient is required to pay any such taxes, penalties or interest,
the Company shall reimburse the recipient for that payment on demand. If the Company pays any such taxes, penalties or interest,
it shall deliver official tax receipts or other evidence of payment to the recipient on whose account such withholding was made
on or before the thirtieth day after payment. The Holder agrees to provide, promptly following the Company s request therefore,
such forms or certifications as it is legally able to provide to establish an exemption from, or a reduction in, any withholding
taxes that might otherwise apply. 

15.         CANCELLATION .
After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically
be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued. 

16.         WAIVER
OF NOTICE . To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices
in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note. 

17.         GOVERNING
LAW . This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. 

18.         CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)             Affiliate   
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with such entity provided that, for purposes of this definition,  control  (including, with correlative meanings, the
terms  controlled by  and  under common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through
the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise. 

(b)             Bankruptcy
Law    means Title 11 of the U.S. Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors. 

(c)             Business
Day    means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the city of Los Angeles
are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

(d)             Cash
Interest    has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a) . 

(e)             Change
of Control    means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) a Fundamental Transaction in which holders of the Company s
voting power immediately prior to the Fundamental Transaction continue after the Fundamental Transaction to hold publicly traded
securities and, directly or indirectly, the voting power of the surviving entity or entities necessary to elect a majority of the
members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities, (ii) a Fundamental
Transaction with any Holder, any Affiliate of any Holder or any person otherwise related to or associated with a Holder, or (iii)
pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company. 

(f)              Common
Stock    means the Common Stock of the Company. 

(g)             Company   
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(h)             Company
Conversion Securities    has the meaning set forth in  Section 3(a) . 

(i)              Contractual
Obligation    means, with respect to any Person, any contract, agreement, deed, mortgage, lease, sublease, license,
sublicense or other legally enforceable commitment, promise, undertaking, obligation, arrangement, instrument or understanding,
whether written or oral, to which or by which such Person is a party or otherwise subject or bound or to which or by which any
property, business, operation or right of such Person is subject or bound. 

(j)              Custodian   
means a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official. 

(k)             Event
of Default    has the meaning set forth in  Section 4(a) . 

(l)              Exchange
Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(m)        
   Fundamental Transaction    means that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, or
(ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another Person,
or (iii) allow another Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50%
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party
to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) consummate
a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination), or (v) reorganize,
recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock. 

(n)             GAAP   
means generally accepted accounting principles as promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time
to time. 

(o)         
   Holder    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(p)             Indebtedness   
means, with respect to any Person, and without duplication, all Liabilities, including all obligations in respect of principal,
accrued interest, penalties, fees and premiums, of such Person (i) for borrowed money (including amounts outstanding under overdraft
facilities), (ii) evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar Contractual Obligations, (iii) in respect of  earn-out 
obligations and other obligations for the deferred purchase price of property, goods or services (other than trade payables or
accruals incurred in the ordinary course of business), (iv) for the capitalized liability under all capital leases of such Person
(determined in accordance with GAAP), (v) in respect of letters of credit and bankers  acceptances, (vi) for Contractual
Obligations relating to interest rate protection, swap agreements and collar agreements, in each case, to the extent payable if
such Contractual Obligation is terminated at the Closing, and (vii) in the nature of guarantees of the obligations described in
clauses (i) through (vi) above of any other Person. 

(q)             Interest   
means any Cash Interest payable under this Note. 

(r)              Interest
Period    means the period beginning on and including the Issuance Date and ending on and including the Maturity Date. 

(s)             Interest
Rate    means twelve percent (12%) per annum;  provided  that upon the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default, the Interest Rate shall be increased to eighteen percent (18%) per annum. In the event that such Event of
Default is subsequently cured or waived, the Interest Rate shall be reduced to tweleve percent (12%) per annum as of the date of
such cure or waiver, it being understood, however, that unless the Holder otherwise agrees in writing, such reduction shall not
apply retroactively to the period when such Event of Default was continuing. 

(t)             Issuance
Date    has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.  

(u)             Liability   
means, with respect to any Person, any liability or obligation of such Person whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted,
whether determined, determinable or otherwise, whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated
or unliquidated, whether directly incurred or consequential, whether due or to become due and whether or not required under GAAP
to be accrued on the financial statements of such Person. 

(v)            Lien   
or    Liens    means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other similar encumbrance upon
or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(w)            Material
Adverse Effect    means any (i) adverse effect on the issuance or validity of this Note or the transactions contemplated
hereby or on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Note, or (ii) material adverse effect on the condition
(financial or otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as
a whole. 

(x)             Maturity
Date    means September 30, 2019. 

(y)             Note
Purchase Agreement    means that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 24, 2015 by and between the Company
and certain purchasers of Notes. 

(z)             Notes   
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(aa)           Outstanding
Note Obligations    means the outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest and any other amounts outstanding
under this Note as of any point in time. 

(bb)          Permitted
Indebtedness    means (i) Indebtedness incurred by the Company that is made expressly subordinate in right of payment
to the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, as reflected in a written agreement reasonably acceptable to the Holder and approved
by the Holder in writing, and which Indebtedness does not provide at any time for (A) the payment, prepayment, repayment, repurchase
or defeasance, directly or indirectly, of any principal or premium, if any, thereon until ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity
Date or later and (B) total interest and fees at a rate in excess of ten percent (10%) per annum, (ii) Indebtedness secured by
Permitted Liens, (iii) Indebtedness to trade creditors or for professional services incurred in the ordinary course of business,
(iv) any Indebtedness owing under the Note, and (v) extensions, refinancings and renewals of any items of Permitted Indebtedness
described in clauses (i) through (iv) above, provided that the principal amount is not increased or the terms modified to impose
more burdensome terms upon the Company or its Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

(cc)           Permitted
Liens    means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course
of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation
of law, such as materialmen s liens, mechanics  liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business
with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
(iv) Liens securing the Company s obligations under the Note, (v) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose
of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided
that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, (vi)
Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described
in clauses (i) through (v) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered
by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vii)
leases or subleases and licenses and sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of the Company s business, not
interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (viii) Liens in favor
of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation
of goods, and (ix) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under
 Section 4(a)(vi).  

(dd)          Person   
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof. 

(ee)           Principal   
has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph of this Note. 

(ff)            Register   
has the meaning set forth in  Section 19 . 

(gg)          SEC   
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(hh)          Securities
Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(ii)             Subsidiary   
means any corporation, association trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other business association or
entity (i) at least 50% of the outstanding voting securities of which are at the time owned or controlled directly or indirectly
by the Company or (ii) with respect to which the Company possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction
of the affairs or management of such Person. 

(jj)             Successor
Entity    means the Person, which may be the Company, formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction
or the Person with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been made. 

19.         REGISTERED
OBLIGATION . The Company shall establish and maintain a record of ownership (the    Register   ) in which
it will register by book entry the interest of the Holder and of each subsequent assignee in this Note, and in the right to receive
any payments of principal and interest or any other payments hereunder, and any assignment of any such interest. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, this Note is intended to be treated as a registered obligation for federal income tax purposes
and the right, title, and interest of the Holder and its assignees in and to payments under this Note shall be transferable only
upon notation of such transfer in the Register. This Section shall be construed so that the Note is at all times maintained in
     registered form      within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the
Internal Revenue Code and any related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has
caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above. 

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.   

By: 

Name: John Hall  

Title: Chief Executive Officer  

Accepted and Agreed:  

Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC  

By: 
     Lincoln Park Capital, LLC 

By: 
     Rockledge Capital Corporation 

By: 

Name: Josh Scheinfeld 

Title: President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO  

  CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE  

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 10
 s104854_ex10-27.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.27

Exhibit 10.27  

CONSENT, WAIVER AND  

  AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO  

  SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE  

PCS Link, Inc. (   Borrower   )
is the borrower under that certain Secured Promissory Note (the    Note   ) dated December 23, 2013, as amended,
payable to Colgan Financial Group, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (   Lender   ). Borrower and Lender desire
to amend such Note pursuant to this Amendment No. 5 to Secured Promissory Note (this    Amendment   ) dated
as of October __, 2016 (the    Effective Date   ), and Greenwood Hall, Inc. (   Greenwood Hall   ),
the parent of Borrower, desires to become an party to and enter into and join this Amendment as set forth below. Capitalized terms
used, but not otherwise defined, shall have the meanings set forth in the Note. 

Now, therefore, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Borrower, Lender and Greenwood Hall
hereby agree as follows: 

1.            Confirmations .
As of the Effective Date, Borrower hereby confirms that it is unconditionally indebted to Lender in the amount of $ 690,893.00 ,
reflecting principal and accrued interest through the Effective Date, less $150,000 to be canceled as of the Effective Date. Borrower
acknowledges and agrees that interest is continuing to accrue as set forth in the Note. Borrower hereby confirms to Lender that
it is unconditionally indebted to the Lender for all amounts owed under the Note and that Borrower has no claims, causes of action
or counterclaims, whatsoever, in law or equity, in connection with the Note. 

2.            Consent
to Certain Transactions; Waiver of Existing Defaults . 

(a)          Lender
consents to Borrower s grant of a senior security interest in all of the Collateral to Moriah Education Management, LLC (   Moriah   )
pursuant to that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated concurrently herewith, by and among Borrower, Greenwood Hall and Moriah. 

(b)          Lender
hereby waives any defaults or events of default known to exist as of the date hereof under the Note, but not defaults or events
of default that are unknown or arise after the date hereof under the Note. 

3.            Amendments .
From and after the Effective Date, the Note is amended as follows: 

(a)          The
parties agree that the interest rate charged under the Note shall be twelve percent (12%) per annum, such payments of interest
to commence on November 1, 2016 pursuant to the terms of the Note. 

(b)          The
parties agree that the Maturity Date shall be December 31, 2017. 

(c)          At
any time prior to the Maturity Date, Lender at its sole option and discretion may, upon written notice to Borrower and Greenwood
Hall, convert the outstanding principal, and at Lender s option, accrued interest outstanding under the Note, into a number
of shares of common stock (the    Common Stock   ) of Greenwood Hall, par value $0.001, determined by dividing
(i) the principal amount plus accrued interest thereon as of the date of such conversion, by (ii) the purchase price of $0.14.
If Lender elects not to convert the accrued interest outstanding under this Note into shares of Common Stock upon such conversion,
all such accrued interest shall be due and payable upon Borrower s and Greenwood Hall s receipt of the notice of conversion. 

(d)          The
Borrower may (but shall not be required to) prepay the Note and fully satisfy all amounts due and owing hereunder by paying to
the Lender the Prepayment Amount (as defined below) prior to the Maturity Date; provided, that prior to any such prepayment of
the Prepayment Amount, the Borrower shall provide at least fifteen ( 15) days  prior written notice to Lender of its intention
to prepay the Note and, at any time during prior to prepayment, the Lender may exercise its option to convert the Note into shares
of Common Stock by providing written notice to the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice from the Lender prior to the date
of prepayment, the Borrower shall convert the Note into Common Stock as set forth in paragraph (c), above. The  Prepayment Amount ,
if received on or before March 31, 2017, shall be equal to 150% of the Principal. The Prepayment Amount, if received at any time
from and including April 1, 2017 through the Maturity Date, shall be equal to 200% of the Principal. 

4.            Representations
and Warranties . 

(a)          Greenwood
Hall represents and warrants that it is familiar with the Note, including all amendments thereto, and all additional documents
and agreement between Lender and Borrower or Greenwood Hall. Greenwood Hall expressly joins this Amendment for the purposes of
granting the conversion rights set forth in Section 3 above, and for making the representations and warranties and agreeing to
the covenants and terms and conditions set in this Amendment. 

(b)          All
corporate action on the part of Borrower and Greenwood Hall, as applicable, necessary for the issuance and delivery of this Amendment
and the reservation of the equity securities (including without limitation equity securities of a successor in interest or an affiliate
of Greenwood Hall) issuable upon conversion of this Note (collectively, the    December 2013 Conversion Securities   )
has been taken or will be taken prior to the issuance of such Conversion Securities. This Amendment, when executed and delivered
by Borrower and Greenwood Hall, shall constitute valid and binding obligations of each of them enforceable in accordance with its
terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, the relief of debtors and, with respect to rights
to indemnity, subject to federal and state securities laws. Borrower s and Greenwood Hall s execution, delivery and
performance of its respective obligations under this Amendment and related documents and agreements do not and will not (i) contravene
or conflict with the formation documents of Borrower or Greenwood Hall, (ii) contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation
of any provision of any law, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon or applicable to Borrower or Greenwood
Hall, or (iii) require the consent of any third party that has not been obtained. 

2   

(c)          The
offer, issue, and sale of the Conversion Securities are and will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and have been registered or qualified (or are exempt from registration and qualification)
under the registration, permit, or qualification requirements of applicable state securities laws. 

5.            Effect
of Amendment . The terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and the Note shall remain the same and in full force and effect,
except as specifically modified or replaced herein, and Greenwood Hall hereby acknowledges and agrees to such provisions, including
without limitation Section 5 (Applicable Law) of the Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the parties agree
that this Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut without giving effect
to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether in the State of Connecticut or any other jurisdiction) that would cause
the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Borrower, Lender and Greenwood Hall agree that the Federal and State courts
of Connecticut shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any disputes related to this Amendment or the performance by
Borrower, Lender or Greenwood Hall of their respective obligations hereto. Borrower, Lender and Greenwood Hall consent to such
exclusive jurisdiction and agree to waive and not assert any objections to such jurisdiction, including those related to forum
non conveniens. The terms of this Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns
of the parties hereto. The Loan Agreement and the Note, as amended by this Amendment, together with all exhibits and schedules
and documents referenced herein, supersedes all previous understandings and agreements between the parties, whether oral or written,
with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

6.            Counterparts .
This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if all
signatures were upon the same instrument. Signatures may be affixed manually or digitally and delivery of an executed counterpart
of the signature pages to this Amendment by facsimile or by electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Amendment. 

[Signature page follows.] 

3   

In witness whereof,
the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 

PCS LINK, INC.   

Name:   

Title:   

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.   

Name: John R. Hall   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

COLGAN FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.   

Name:  Robert Colgan   

Title:  President   

4   

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 11
 s104854_ex10-28.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.28

Exhibit 10.28  

CONSENT, WAIVER AND  

  AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO   

  SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE  

  AND LETTER AGREEMENT  

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.
a Nevada corporation (including any successor in interest thereto,    Company   ), COLGAN FINANCIAL GROUP,
INC., a Connecticut corporation (   CFG   ) and ROBERT LOGAN (   Logan  ,  and together
with CFG, the    Holder   ), are parties to that certain Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated December
18, 2014; Consent, Waiver and Amendment No. 1 (   First Amendment   ) to Secured Convertible Promissory Note
dated April 13, 2015; and Consent, Waiver and Amendment No. 2 (   Second Amendment   ) to Secured Convertible
Promissory Note dated September 15, 2015 (collectively, as hereafter amended, the    Note   ), together with
a Letter Agreement dated December 18, 2014 between the Company and the Holder (the    Letter Agreement   );
and desire to further amend such Note and Letter Agreement pursuant to this Consent, Waiver and Amendment No. 3 to Secured Convertible
Promissory Note (this    Amendment   ), which Amendment is hereby dated as of October __, 2016 (the    Effective
Date  ). Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, shall have the meanings set forth in the Note. 

Now, therefore, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Company and Holder hereby agree
as follows: 

1.           Confirmations .
As of October 6, 2016, Company hereby confirms that it is unconditionally indebted to Holder in the amount of $  400,000.00  ,
reflecting principal and accrued interest through October 6, 2016. Company hereby confirms to Holder that it is unconditionally
indebted to the Holder for all amounts owed under the Note and that Company has no claims, causes of action or counterclaims, whatsoever,
in law or equity, in connection with the Note. 

2.           Consent
to Certain Transactions; Waiver of Existing Defaults . Subject to the conditions set forth in this Amendment, Holder agrees
as follows: 

(a)          Holder
consents to Company s grant of a senior security interest in all of the Collateral to Moriah Education Management, LLC (   Moriah   )
pursuant to that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated concurrently herewith, by and among Company and its subsidiary, PCS
Link, Inc. (each and collectively, the    Borrower   ) and Moriah. 

(b)          Holder
hereby waives any defaults or events of default known to exist as of the date hereof under the Note, but not defaults or events
of default that are unknown or arise after the date hereof under the Note. 

3.            Amendments
to Note and Letter Agreement . 

(a)          The
parties agree that the interest rate charged under the Note shall be twelve percent (12%) per annum. 

(b)          The
parties agree that the Maturity Date shall be December 31, 2017. 

(c)          The
parties agree that at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Holder at its sole option and discretion, may, upon written notice
to Company, convert the outstanding principal, and at the Holder s option, accrued interest outstanding under this Note,
into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the outstanding principal amount of this Note,
plus (if applicable) accrued interest, by the greater of (i) 85% of the volume weighted average price per share of the Common Stock
of Company as reported by the exchange or over the counter market on which Company's stock is traded for the ten (10) trading days
prior to the date that the notice of conversion is provided to Company by the Holder or (ii) Five Cents per share ($0.05);  provided ,
in the event that Company fails to make required interest payments or there is an existing any Event of Default under the Note,
the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon such conversion shall be equal to the outstanding principal
amount of this Note divided by the greater of (i) 85% of the volume weighted average price per share of the Common Stock of Company
as reported by the exchange or over the counter market on which Company's stock is traded for the ten (10) trading days prior to
the date that the notice of conversion is provided to Company by the Holder or (ii) One Cent per share ($0.01). If the Holder elects
not to convert the accrued interest outstanding under this Note into shares of Common Stock upon such conversion, all such accrued
interest shall be due and payable upon Company s receipt of the notice of conversion. 

(d)          The
parties agree that Company may (but shall not be required to) prepay this Note and fully satisfy all amounts due and owing hereunder
by paying to the Holder the Prepayment Amount (as defined below) prior to the Maturity Date; provided, that prior to any such prepayment
of the Prepayment Amount, Company shall provide at least fifteen (15) days  prior written notice to the Holder of its intention
to prepay the Note and, at any time during prior to prepayment, the Holder may exercise its option to convert the Note into shares
of Common Stock as set forth in  Section 7(a)  by providing written notice to Company. Upon receipt of any such notice from
the Holder prior to the date of prepayment, Company shall convert the Note into Common Stock as set forth in  Section 7(a) .
The  Prepayment Amount , if received on or before December 31, 2016, shall be equal to 250% of the Principal. The Prepayment
Amount, if received at any time from and including January 1, 2017 through the Maturity Date, shall be equal to 350% of the Principal. 

(e)          The
parties agree that the exercise period for any and all warrants issued in connection with the Note shall terminate on the five
(5) year anniversary of the Effective Date. 

(f)          The
parties agree that the covenants set forth in Section 6(a) of the Note shall be amended and restated in their entirety, as follows: 

(a)        Without
the prior written consent of the Holder, which may be provided or withheld in the sole discretion of the Holder, the Company, including
any successor in interest, subsidiaries or affiliates, shall not take or agree to take any of the following actions: 

(i)          enter into
any purchase agreement(s), lease agreement(s), capital commitment(s) or other similar obligation(s) which exceed $100,000 in any
calendar year; 

(ii)         enter into
any equipment lease, purchase or other similar obligations which exceeds $250,000 in value in any single transaction; 

(iii)        sell, transfer,
assign or otherwise dispose of any of the Company s assets in excess of $100,000 in value in any single transaction, or
otherwise sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any of the Company s assets in a transaction outside of the ordinary
course of the Company s business, including but not limited to the sale or transfer of all or substantially all the assets
of the Company (whether by sale, lease, assignment, transfer, merger or other conveyance) (a   Sale Transaction  ); 

(iv)        purchase,
acquire or enter into any agreement or obligation to purchase or acquire any real property; 

(v)         enter into
any lease for real property providing for lease payments in excess of $100,000 per annum; 

(vi)        make
any disbursement of cash that is inconsistent with past practices, outside of the ordinary course of business or in excess of $100,000; 

(vii)       issue
any shares of Common Stock, preferred stock or other equity rights, options, warrants or other securities, to the extent not set
forth on the capitalization table of the Company; provide, however, the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock, other
equity rights, options, warrants, and/or other securities are permitted as such issuance relates to the Company s anticipated
equity offering on the Canadian Stock Exchange. In addition, the Company shall also be permitted to issue warrants providing for
the issuance of an additional 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock, as it relates to the anticipated retention of a financial advisory
firm; or 

(viii)      create,
incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien, security interest, claim or encumbrance upon or with respect to any of its assets, now
owned or hereafter acquired other than those in favor of the Holder or the Senior Creditors (as defined in the Note).  

(g)         The
parties agree that the Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Note pursuant shall be subject to the registration rights
set forth in the Letter Agreement (the   Registration Rights  ). In the event that the Company enters into a subsequent
Registration Rights Agreement (  Subsequent RRA  ) upon terms superior to the Registration Rights, the Note shall
be deemed amended and restated to incorporate the terms of the Subsequent RRA. Company shall be responsible for any attorneys 
fees and expenses associated with the registration of Company s Common Stock thereunder. 

(h)         The
parties agree as follows: 

(i)          For
so long as any principal or accrued interest remains outstanding under the Note, in the event that Company receives an offer from
a third party (  Third Party Offeree  ) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of   Company s equity
or debt securities (a   Third Party Offer  ), Company shall have five (5) calendar days to give written notice
(  Notice of Third Party Offer  ) of such Third Party Office to the Holder, together with an option to participate
in such Third Party Offer, on an as-converted basis, upon the terms thereof. 

(ii)         The Holder shall
have ten (10) calendar days following receipt of a Notice of Third Party Offer to submit to Company a written notice of acceptance
of such Third Party Offer (  Notice of Acceptance  ), together with a notice of conversion of all or a portion
of any amounts outstanding under the Note. 

(iii)        Upon
Company s receipt of a Notice of Acceptance from the Holder, the Holder, Company and the Third Party Offeree shall execute
and deliver any additional documents and instruments and perform any additional acts that the parties reasonably determine to be
necessary or appropriate to effectuate and perform the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(i)          The
parties agree that Company may, as a condition to the transfer of any of the Note, require that the request for transfer be accompanied
by an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Company, the reasonable attorneys  fees associated with which opinion
of counsel to be paid by the Company, to the effect that the proposed transfer does not result in a violation of the Securities
Act. 

4.           Representations
and Warranties . All corporate action on the part of Company necessary for the issuance and delivery of this Amendment has been
taken. This Amendment, when executed and delivered by Company, shall constitute valid and binding obligations of each of Company
enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, the relief
of debtors and, with respect to rights to indemnity, subject to federal and state securities laws. Company s execution, delivery
and performance of its obligations under this Amendment and related documents and agreements do not and will not (a) contravene
or conflict with the formation documents of Company, (b) contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of any provision
of any law, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon or applicable to Company, or (c) require the consent
of any third party that has not been obtained. 

5.           Effect
of Amendment . The terms and conditions of the Note shall remain the same and in full force and effect, except as specifically
modified or replaced herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the parties agree that this Amendment shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule (whether in the State of Connecticut or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws
of any other jurisdiction. Company and Holder agree that the Federal and State courts of Connecticut shall be the exclusive forum
for the resolution of any disputes related to this Amendment or the performance by Company or Holder of their respective obligations
hereto. Company and Holder consent to such exclusive jurisdiction and agree to waive and not assert any objections to such jurisdiction,
including those related to forum non conveniens. The terms of this Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of the successors and assigns of the parties hereto. The Note, as amended by this Amendment, together with all exhibits and schedules
and documents referenced herein, supersedes all previous understandings and agreements between the parties, whether oral or written,
with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

6.           Counterparts .
This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if all
signatures were upon the same instrument. Signatures may be affixed manually or digitally and delivery of an executed counterpart
of the signature pages to this Amendment by facsimile or by electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Amendment. 

[Signature page follows.] 

In witness whereof,
the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 

GREENWOOD HALL, INC.   

Name:  John R. Hall   

Title:  Chief Executive Officer   

COLGAN FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.,   

AS HOLDER   

Name:  Robert Colgan   

Title:  President   

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 12
 s104854_ex10-29.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.29

Exhibit 10.29  

October 13, 2016 

John Hall, CEO and President 

  PCS
Link, Inc. d/b/a Greenwood     Hall  

   12424 Wilshire Boulevard, #1030 

 Los Angeles, California 90025 

Re:      Payoff Confirmation Letter   

Dear John: 

Reference
is made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 18, 2014 (as heretofore amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the  Loan Agreement ), by and among PCS Link, Inc., a California corporation d/b/a
Greenwood     Hall ( Borrower ), Greenwood Hall, Inc., a Nevada corporation,
and Opus Bank (  Bank  ). All capitalized terms used in this letter agreement without definition shall have
the respective meanings specified for such terms in the Loan Agreement.  

Bank
has been informed that Borrower intends to terminate the Loan Agreement with funds made available to Borrower from Moriah Education
Funding (  New Lender  ) to satisfy the below defined Payoff Amount. This letter agreement shall remain in effect
through and expire on the date that is the earlier of: (i) 24 hours after the effective date of the closing with New Lender, or
(ii) October 14,2016 (each, a   Payoff Date  ). 

Bank
agrees that upon its receipt, by no later than 2:00p.m. (Pacific time) on the Payoff Date, of: (a) a fully executed copy of
this letter agreement; (b) a fully executed copy of a common stock purchase warrant for 2,000,000 shares of Greenwood Hall,
Inc.'s common stock on a fully diluted basis at a price of $0.10 per share issued by Greenwood Hall, Inc. to Bank, in form
and substance satisfactory to Bank; (c) immediately available funds in an amount equal to $1,200,000 (the  Payoff
Amount  which shall first be applied to any existing over-advances in Borrower's deposit accounts maintained at Bank
and the remainder to be applied to the then outstanding principal. 

1.
      Borrower's and Guarantor's respective obligations and indebtedness under the Loan Agreement and under the other Loan Documents
(other than any warrant executed by Borrower in favor of Bank) will be satisfied in full and terminated, and Borrower and Guarantor
will not be indebted to Bank under such Loan Documents (other than any warrant executed by Borrower in favor of Bank), in each
case other than as set forth herein and other than with respect to the indemnification provision in Section 11.16 of the Loan Agreement; 

2.
      Bank's security interests, liens, and other encumbrances on Borrower and Guarantors in
respect of the Loan Agreement (collectively,   Bank's Lien  ) shall be automatically terminated and
released, and be of no further force or effect; 

3.         Bank
shall promptly deliver to Borrower, the following: (a) all certificates delivered to Bank representing stock pledged by Borrower;
(b) all chattel paper and other instruments or documents delivered to Bank; (c) Uniform Commercial Code releases and/or terminations
and other terminations and intellectual property releases in form acceptable for recording, terminating all of Bank's Liens (d)
all other collateral in respect of the Loan Agreement in the actual physical possession of Bank; and (e) reassignments of all assignments
in favor of the Bank in form and substance satisfactory to Borrower; and  

4.         New
Lender and Borrower are authorized to file terminations of all financing statements filed by Bank naming Borrower or Guarantor
as a debtor. Upon New Lender   '  s or Borrower's reasonable
request from time to time, Bank will execute and deliver, at Borrower's expense and at no expense to Bank, such additional lien
releases or terminations and such other items as may be necessary to effectively terminate any and all of Bank's Liens.  

Payment
of the Payoff Amount should be made by wire transfer to Opus Bank, via the following instructions: 

Opus Bank 

 19900 MacArthur Blvd 

 Irvine, CA 92612 

 ABA: 122239270 

 Beneficiary: Special Credits Suspense. 

 Beneficiary Account No: 241048888 

 Swift Code: None 

By
their acceptance hereof, Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that Bank reserves all of its rights with respect to each
automated clearinghouse (ACH) transfer and each check and other instrument or payment item (such ACH transfers   , 
 checks, instruments or other payment items being  ,   collectively,
  Pa    y  ment Items    )
received by Bank from Borrower or any of Borrower's account debtors prior to receipt of the Payoff Amount for which Bank has credited
the amount of all such Payment Items to Borrower's account but has not yet received full and final credit or payment thereof.  

Borrower
and Guarantor further acknowledge and agree that Borrower and Guarantor shall remain obligated for: (a) the amount of any check
or other collection item that was conditionally applied to the obligations under the Loan Documents but which is hereafter dishonored
or otherwise subject to avoidance; and (b) Borrower   '  s
and Guarantor's indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 11.16 of the Loan Agreement (collectively, the  Con  t  ingent
Obligations ). Borrower and Guarantor shall reimburse and pay to Bank, promptly after Bank's demand therefor, made at any
time, in immediately available funds, the amount of any Contingent Obligations and New Lender's obligations to make such payment
shall not be conditioned upon any prior demand upon Borrower or Guarantor by Bank.  

Borrower
and Guarantor acknowledge that the Payoff Amount is due and owing pursuant to the Loan Documents. If, for any reason   ,   any
of the Payoff Amount or any other amounts applied by Bank to payment of the obligations under the Loan Documents is voided or
rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Bank as a result of Borrower's or Guarantor's insolvency  ,  bankruptcy
or otherwise, Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that the Loan Documents, and the respective obligations and
liabilities thereunder, shall be reinstated to that extent. 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that each warrant executed by Borrower in favor of
Bank whether now existing or hereafter executed (including, without limitation, (i) the warrant executed and delivered in connection
with the Third Amendment, Waiver and Ratification dated September 15, 2015 exercisable for 1,200,000 shares of common stock of
Greenwood Hall, Inc. at a per share price as provided in that warrant agreement, and (ii) the warrant to be executed and delivered
in connection with this letter agreement for 2,000,000 shares of Greenwood Hall, Inc. common stock on a fully diluted basis at
a price of $.10 per share, as each such warrant may be amended in accordance with the terms set forth therein), shall remain in
full force and effect and Borrower's obligations pursuant to such warrant shall not be terminated or modified by this letter agreement. 

GENERAL RELEASE:  

By
their signatures below, Borrower and Guarantor: (a) confirm their consent to the foregoing, (b) acknowledge that Bank has no further
obligations or liabilities to Borrower or Guarantor upon Bank's receipt of the Payoff Amount, except in releasing and returning
all collateral in accordance with the terms of this letter agreement, and (c) hereby remises, releases, acquits, satisfies and
forever discharges Bank, its agents, employees, officers, directors, predecessors, attorneys and all others acting or purporting
to act on behalf of or at the direction of Bank, of and from any and all manner of actions, causes of action, suit, debts, accounts,
covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, variances, damages, judgments, claims and demands whatsoever, in law or in equity,
which any of such parties ever had, now has or, to the extent arising from or in connection with any act, omission or state of
facts taken or existing on or prior to the date hereof, against Bank, their agents, employees, officers, directors, attorneys and
all persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of or at the direction of Bank ( Bank Releasees ), for, upon or by
reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever through the date hereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower
and Guarantor each waive and affirmatively agree not to allege or otherwise pursue any defenses, affirmative defenses, counterclaims,
claims, causes of action, setoffs or other rights they do, shall or may have as of the date hereof, including, but not limited
to, the rights to contest any conduct of Bank or other Releasees on or prior to the date hereof. 

By
its signature below, Bank: (a) confirms its consent to the foregoing, (b) acknowledges that Borrower and Guarantor each have
no further obligations or liabilities to Bank upon Bank's receipt of the Payoff Amount, except for the Contingent
Obligations, and (c) hereby remises, releases, acquits, satisfies and forever discharges Borrower and Guarantor, their
agents, employees, officers, directors, predecessors, attorneys and all others acting or purporting to act on behalf of or at
the direction of Borrower or Guarantor, of and from any and all manner of actions, causes of action, suit, debts, accounts,
covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, variances, damages, judgments, claims and demands whatsoever, in law or in
equity, which any of such parties ever had, now has or, to the extent arising from or in connection with any act, omission or
state of facts taken or existing on or prior to the date hereof, against Borrower or  Guarantor,
their agents, employees, officers, directors, attorneys and all persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of or at the
direction of Borrower or Guarantor ( Borrowe  r/Guarantor    Releasees  ),   for,
upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever through the date hereof. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Bank waives and affirmatively agrees not to allege or otherwise pursue any defenses, affirmative defenses,
counterclaims, claims, causes of action, setoffs or other rights it does, shall or may have as of the date hereof, including,
but not limited to, the rights to contest any conduct of Borrower or Guarantor or other Borrower/Guarantor Releasees on or
prior to the date hereof, except related to the Contingent Obligations.  

Each
of the parties hereby waives California Civil Code   1542, which provides:  A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO
CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH
IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.  On the date hereof, each of
the parties also shall be deemed to waive any and all provisions, rights and benefits conferred by any law of any state or
territory of the United States, or country in the world, or principle of common law, which is similar, comparable or
equivalent to California Civil Code   1542. 

MISCELLANEOUS:  

THIS
LETTER AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS
MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE; PROVIDED THAT BANK SHALL RETAIN ALL RIGHTS ARISING UNDER FEDERAL LAW. 

All
other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement shall be reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to Bank and its counsel. 

This
letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts, and each
such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same letter
agreement. 

The
offer contained in this letter agreement shall be effective and expire and be of no further effect until 2:00 P.M. (Pacific Time)
on the date that is the earlier of: (i) 24 hours after the effective date of the closing of the transaction with New Lender, or
(ii) October 14, 2016, if Bank does not receive the Payoff Amount, a fully executed copy of this letter, the aforementioned warrant
and evidence of the repayment of all over-advances each on the terms set forth herein. 

[Signature pages follow}  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this letter agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date
first set forth above. 

Very truly yours,  

OPUS BANK , as Bank  

By:  
     /s/ Allan Howard  

Printed Name: Allan Howard  

Its:  Vice   President,   Special Credits   

Payoff Confirmation
Letter 

Acknowledged and agreed: 

PCS LINK, INC., d/b/a GREENWOOD

HALL,  as the Borrower 

By:  

Printed Name: John Hall  

Its: ChiefExecutive Officer  

GREENWOOD HALL, INC., 

 as the Guarantor 

By  

Printed Name: John Hall  

Its: ChiefExecutive Officer  

JOHN R. HALL III 

 as the Guarantor 

By:  

Printed Name: John Hall  

Its: an individual  

Payoff Confirmation
Letter 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 13
 s104854_ex10-30.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.30

Exhibit 10.30  

PCS Link, Inc, dba Greenwood Hall, Inc. 

 201 Ocean Ave, Unit 1507B 

 Santa Monica, CA 90402-1473 

Borrower:       PCS Link,
Inc.   I   Loan#:   0800807-1/ Collateral: UCC-1
Broadform filing on all business assets 

1.  California United Bank ( Bank ) holds a Note executed by PCS Link Inc. ( Borrower ) in the original
principal amount of $1,250,000 evidenced by the following:   

i)  A Loan in the original principal amount of $1,250,000 pursuant to the terms of the Promissory Note dated as of October 21,
2010 (  Note ) executed by Borrower to the order of Bank   

ii)  To secure Borrower s obligations to Bank, Borrower executed and delivered that Commercial Security Agreement dated as
of October 21, 2010 ( Security Agreement ) executed by Borrower to the order of Bank. Pursuant to the Security Agreement,
Bank has a valid, perfected lien upon the Collateral.   

3.  The Bank has agreed to issue a release of the collateral securing the loan, when Bank receives the following:   

ii)  An amendment or reissuance of 523,587 in warrants at an exercise price of $1.00 issued on December 14, 2015 to the Bank to
reflect a downward adjustment of the exercise price to $.10 per warrant subscription ( Amended Warrants ).   

iii)  A daily extension fee in the amount of $2,000 beginning October II, 2016 and accruing each day thereafter until the Bank receivers
the Settlement Payment and the Amended Warrants ( Daily Extension Fee ).   

As an example, if the Settlement
Payment is made on October 11,2016, the required amount would be $177,454.41, comprised of $175,000 discounted principal, $454.41
for 11 days of interest and $2,000 for the daily extension fee. Furthermore, if paid on October 12, 2016, the required payment
would increase by $2,041.31 and likewise increase daily thereafter until receipt by the Bank of the Settlement Payment, Amended
Warrants and Daily Extension Fee. 

Receipt of the Settlement Payment,
Amended Warrants and Daily Extension Fee must be received by 5:00PM PST on October 14, 2016. Settlement Payment and Daily Extension
Fee is to be sent via wire transfer to: 

California United Banlc 

 15821 Ventura Boulevard, Suite 100 

 Encino, CA 91436-5203 

 ABA# 122243884 

 Account Number: 98-158500 Attention: Note Department 

 Reference: Loan #10800807-1. Contact  K.
 von Disterlo 

Please refer
to loan number 10800807-1 on all inquiries concerning this demand.  This demand expires on October 14, 2016 at 5:00 PM PST.
 Please to verify final figures before wiring. 

Sincerely,  

/s/  Kim von
    Disterlo  

Kim von Disterlo  

First Vice President  

</EX-10.30>

<EX-31>
 14
 s104854_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, John Hall, certify that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 6, 2016  

/s/ John Hall  

John Hall  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 15
 s104854_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Greenwood Hall, Inc. (the
  Company  ) on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the   Report  ), I, John Hall, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: December 6, 2016 

/s/ John Hall  

John Hall  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to Greenwood Hall, Inc. and will be retained by Greenwood Hall, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 18
 elrn-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 elrn-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 elrn-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 elrn-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 elrn-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 elrn-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

