<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_914475_0001193125-16-757122_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3110487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>157316</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>204751</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>526265</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1337897</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>763157</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-757122.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102163059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-757122
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000914475
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				330525145
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22705
		FILM NUMBER:		161968261

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12780 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 617-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12780 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-757122.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 d227301d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
    
  FORM 10-Q        
       (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                      
to                         
  Commission File Number:  0-22705    
         
  NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        
        
    (858)  617-7600    
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  Not Applicable      (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days:    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act).    Yes       No     
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, was 86,871,313 as of October 27,
2016.          

Table of Contents  

   NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
    FORM 10-Q INDEX       

PAGE  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1: Financial Statements   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine
 months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
 2016 and 2015   

5 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

ITEM 
2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

15 

ITEM 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk   

22 

ITEM 4: Controls and Procedures   

22 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1: Legal Proceedings   

23 

ITEM 1A: Risk Factors   

23 

ITEM 5: Other Information   

35 

ITEM 6: Exhibits   

36 

Signatures   

37 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (in thousands, except share information)   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
  (in thousands, except per share data)   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (in thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (unaudited)      1. ORGANIZATION AND
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      Description of Business.  Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (the Company or Neurocrine) was
incorporated in California in 1992 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1996. The Company discovers and develops innovative and life-changing pharmaceuticals, in diseases with high unmet medical needs, through its novel research and development
(R D) platform, focused on neurological and endocrine based diseases and disorders. The Company s two lead late-stage clinical programs are elagolix, a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist for women s health that is
partnered with AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), and INGREZZA (valbenazine or  NBI-98854),  a vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor for the treatment of movement disorders. The Company s New Drug
Application for utilizing INGREZZA in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia was recently filed with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). 
  Basis of Presentation . The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) for interim financial information and with the instructions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Form 10-Q and Rule  10-01  of
Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments
necessary, which are of a normal and recurring nature, for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position and of the results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries.    These financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. The results of operations for the interim
period shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the full year. The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at
that date, but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.     Impact of
Recently Issued Accounting Standards . In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition, which outlines a comprehensive revenue recognition model and supersedes most
current revenue recognition guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue upon transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or
services. The amended guidance defines a five-step approach for recognizing revenue, which may require a company to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. The new standard allows for two methods of adoption:
(a) full retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all periods presented, or (b) modified retrospective adoption, meaning the cumulative effect of applying the new standard is recognized as an adjustment to the opening
retained earnings balance. The Company is in the process of determining the timing of adoption and the adoption method, as well as the effects the adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements. The amended guidance as currently issued
will be effective for the Company starting in 2018.    In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance codified in ASU 2014-15 (Subtopic 205-40),
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . The guidance requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued when applicable). Management will be required to make this evaluation for both annual and
interim reporting periods and will make certain disclosures if it concludes that substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Substantial doubt exists when
relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available
to be issued). The term probable is used consistently with its use in ASC Topic 450,  Contingencies . The guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for interim reporting periods starting in the first quarter
2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements and expects to adopt the standard for the annual reporting period ended December 31, 2016.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  2016-02  Leases. This update amends the
current accounting guidance for lease transactions. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize both assets and liabilities for any leases in excess of twelve months. Additionally, certain qualitative and quantitative disclosures
will also be required in the financial statements. The Company is required to adopt this new guidance beginning in 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of determining the effects the adoption of this update will have
on its consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This update amends the current tax accounting rules for share-based compensation in an
attempt to simplify the reporting of excess tax benefits and deficiencies related to equity compensation. Additionally, the FASB has also provided an alternative for forfeiture estimations related to grants of equity awards. The Company is required
to adopt this new guidance beginning in 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of determining the effects the adoption of this update will have on its consolidated financial statements.  
  Use of Estimates . The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   2. REVENUE RECOGNITION AND SIGNIFICANT COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS   
 Revenue Recognition Policy. The Company recognizes revenue for the performance of services when each of the following four criteria is met:
(i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) services are rendered or products are delivered; (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.  
 Since 2011, the Company has followed the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) for Revenue Recognition Multiple-Element Arrangements,
if applicable, to determine the recognition of revenue under license and collaboration agreements. The terms of these agreements generally contain multiple elements, or deliverables, which may include (i) licenses to the Company s
intellectual property, (ii) materials and technology, (iii) pharmaceutical supply, (iv) participation on joint development or joint steering committees, and (v) development services. The payments the Company receives under these
arrangements typically include one or more of the following: up-front license fees; funding of research and/or development efforts; amounts due upon the achievement of specified milestones; manufacturing and royalties on future product sales.  
 The ASC provides guidance relating to the separation of deliverables included in an arrangement into different units of accounting and the
allocation of consideration to the units of accounting. The evaluation of multiple-element arrangements requires management to make judgments about (i) the identification of deliverables, (ii) whether such deliverables are separable from
the other aspects of the contractual relationship, (iii) the estimated selling price of each deliverable, and (iv) the expected period of performance for each deliverable.  
 To determine the units of accounting under a multiple-element arrangement, management evaluates certain separation criteria, including
whether the deliverables have stand-alone value, based on the relevant facts and circumstances for each arrangement. The selling prices of deliverables under an arrangement may be derived using vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE), third-party
evidence, or a best estimate of selling price (BESP), if VSOE or third-party evidence is not available. For most pharmaceutical licensing and collaboration agreements, BESP is utilized. The objective of BESP is to determine the price at which the
Company would transact a sale if the element within the agreement was sold on a standalone basis. Establishing BESP involves management s judgment and considers multiple factors, including market conditions and company-specific factors,
including those factors contemplated in negotiating the agreements, as well as internally developed models that include assumptions related to market opportunity, discounted cash flows, estimated development costs, probability of success and the
time needed to commercialize a product candidate pursuant to the agreement. In validating the BESP, management considers whether changes in key assumptions used to determine the BESP will have a significant effect on the allocation of the
arrangement consideration between the multiple deliverables. The allocated consideration for each unit of accounting is recognized over the related obligation period in accordance with the applicable revenue recognition criteria.  
 If there are deliverables in an arrangement that are not separable from other aspects of the contractual relationship, they are treated as a
combined unit of accounting, with the allocated revenue for the combined unit recognized in a manner consistent with the revenue recognition applicable to the final deliverable in the combined unit. Payments received prior to satisfying the relevant
revenue recognition criteria are recorded as unearned revenue in the accompanying balance sheets and recognized as revenue when the related revenue recognition criteria are met.  
 The Company typically receives up-front payments when licensing its intellectual property, which often occurs in conjunction with an R D
agreement. The Company recognizes revenue attributed to the license upon delivery, provided that the license has stand-alone value.    For
payments payable on achievement of milestones that do not meet all of the conditions to be considered substantive, the Company recognizes the portion of the payment allocable to delivered items as revenue when the specific milestone is achieved, and
the contingency is removed.    Prior to the revised multiple element guidance described above, adopted by the Company on January 1,
2011, upfront, nonrefundable payments for license fees, grants, and advance payments for sponsored research revenues received in excess of amounts earned were classified as deferred revenue and recognized as income over the contract or development
period. Revenues from development milestones are accounted for in accordance with the Revenue Recognition   Milestone Method Topic of the FASB ASC (Milestone Method). Milestones are recognized when earned, as evidenced by written acknowledgment
from the collaborator or other persuasive evidence that the milestone has been achieved, provided that the milestone event is substantive. A milestone event is considered to be substantive if its achievability was not reasonably assured at the
inception of the agreement and the Company s efforts led to the achievement of the milestone or the milestone was due upon the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting from the Company s performance. The Company assesses whether a
milestone is substantive at the inception of each agreement.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

    Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation (Mitsubishi Tanabe).   During 2015, the Company
entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe for the development and commercialization of INGREZZA (valbenazine or  NBI-98854)  for movement disorders in Japan and other select Asian
markets. Payments to the Company under this agreement include an up-front license fee of $30 million, up to $85 million in development and commercialization event-based payments, payments for the manufacture of pharmaceutical products, and royalties
on product sales in select territories in Asia. Under the terms of the agreement, Mitsubishi Tanabe is responsible for all third-party development, marketing and commercialization costs in Japan and other select Asian markets with the exception of a
single Huntington s chorea clinical trial to be performed by the Company, at an estimated cost of approximately $12 million, should Mitsubishi Tanabe request the clinical trial. The Company will be entitled to a percentage of sales of INGREZZA
in Japan and other select Asian markets for the longer of ten years or the life of the related patent rights.    Under the terms of the
Company s agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe, the collaboration effort between the parties to advance INGREZZA towards commercialization in Japan and other select Asian markets is governed by a joint steering committee and joint development
committee with representatives from both the Company and Mitsubishi Tanabe. There are no performance, cancellation, termination or refund provisions in the agreement that would have a material financial consequence to the Company. The Company does
not directly control when event-based payments will be achieved or when royalty payments will begin. Mitsubishi Tanabe may terminate the agreement at its discretion upon 180 days  written notice to the Company. In such event, all INGREZZA
product rights for Japan and other select Asian markets would revert to the Company.    The Company has identified the following
deliverables associated with the Mitsubishi Tanabe agreement: INGREZZA technology license and existing know-how, development activities to be performed as part of the collaboration, and the manufacture of pharmaceutical products. The respective
standalone value from each of these deliverables has been determined by applying the BESP method and the revenue was allocated based on the relative selling price method with revenue recognition timing to be determined either by delivery or the
provision of services.    As discussed above, the BESP method required the use of significant estimates. The Company used an income approach
to estimate the selling price for the technology license and an expense approach for estimating development activities and the manufacture of pharmaceutical products. The development activities and the manufacture of pharmaceutical products are
expected to be delivered throughout the duration of the agreement. The technology license and existing know-how was delivered on the effective date of the agreement.  
 During the first quarter of 2015, the Company recognized revenue under this agreement of $19.8 million associated with the delivery of a
technology license and existing know-how. In accordance with the Company s continuing performance obligations, $10.2 million of the $30 million up-front payment is being deferred and recognized in future periods. Under the terms of the
agreement, there is no general obligation to return the up-front payment for any non-contingent deliverable.    The Company evaluated the
event-based payments under the Milestone Method and concluded only one immaterial event-based payment represents a substantive milestone. Event-based payments will be recognized when earned.  
 The Company is eligible to receive from Mitsubishi Tanabe tiered royalty payments based on product sales in Japan and other select Asian
markets. Royalties will be recognized as earned in accordance with the terms of the agreement, when product sales are reported by Mitsubishi Tanabe, the amount can be reasonably estimated, and collectability is reasonably assured.  
   AbbVie Inc.    (AbbVie) . In June 2010, the Company announced an exclusive worldwide collaboration with AbbVie, to develop
and commercialize elagolix and all next-generation GnRH antagonists (collectively, GnRH Compounds) for women s and men s health. AbbVie made an upfront payment of $75 million and has agreed to make additional development and regulatory
event based payments of up to $480 million, of which $45 million has been earned to date, and up to an additional $50 million in commercial event based payments. The Company has assessed event based payments under the revised authoritative guidance
for research and development milestones and determined that event based payments prior to commencement of a Phase III clinical study, as defined in the agreement, meet the definition of a milestone in accordance with authoritative guidance as
(1) they are events that can only be achieved in part on the Company s past performance, (2) there is substantive uncertainty at the date the arrangement was entered into that the event will be achieved and (3) they result in
additional payments being due to the Company. Development and regulatory event based payments subsequent to the commencement of a Phase III clinical study, however, currently do not meet these criteria as their achievement is based on the
performance of AbbVie. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $485 million remains outstanding in future event based payments under the agreement as the performance is based solely on AbbVie. However, none of the remaining event based payments
meet the definition of a milestone in accordance with authoritative accounting guidance.    Under the terms of the agreement, AbbVie is
responsible for all third-party development, marketing and commercialization costs. The Company will be entitled to a percentage of worldwide sales of GnRH Compounds for the longer of ten years or the life of the related patent rights. AbbVie may
terminate the collaboration at its discretion upon 180 days  written notice to the Company. In  
      8  

Table of Contents  

such event, the Company would be entitled to specified payments for ongoing clinical development and related activities and all GnRH Compound product rights would revert to the Company. During
the first quarter of 2016, the Company recognized $15 million in development event based payments resulting from AbbVie initiating Phase III development of elagolix in uterine fibroids.  
  3. INVESTMENTS     Available-for-sale
securities are carried at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses reported in comprehensive loss. The amortized cost of debt securities in this category is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such
amortization and accretion is included in interest income. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary, if any, on available-for-sale securities are included in other income or expense. The cost of securities
sold is based on the specific identification method. Interest and dividends on securities classified as available-for-sale are included in interest income.  
 Investments consist of the following ( in thousands ):      
   The following is a summary of investments classified as available-for-sale securities ( in thousands ):

(1) 
 Unrealized gains and losses are included in other comprehensive loss.    
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents gross unrealized losses and fair value for those available-for-sale
investments that were in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position ( in
thousands ):      
   The primary objective of the Company s investment portfolio is to enhance overall returns in an efficient
manner while maintaining safety of principal, prudent levels of liquidity and acceptable levels of risk. The Company s investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of instruments issued by institutions with
primarily investment grade credit ratings and places restrictions on maturities and concentration by asset class and issuer.    The Company
reviews the available-for-sale investments for other-than-temporary declines in fair value below cost basis each quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the cost basis of an asset may not be recoverable. This evaluation
is based on a number of factors, including the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been below the cost basis and adverse conditions related specifically to the security, including any changes to the credit rating of the
security, and the intent to sell, or whether the Company will more likely than not be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The assessment of whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired could change in
the future due to new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular security. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company believed the cost bases for available-for-sale investments were
recoverable in all material respects.     4. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   
 Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such
assumptions, a three-tier fair value hierarchy has been established, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:      

Level 1: 
    
 Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;  

Level 2: 
    
 Inputs include quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets and/or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active near the measurement date; and  

Level 3: 
    
 Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.  
   The Company classifies its cash equivalents and available for sale investments within Level 1 or Level 2. The
fair value of the Company s high quality investment grade corporate debt securities is determined using proprietary valuation models and analytical tools. These valuation models and analytical tools use market pricing or prices for similar
instruments that are both objective and publicly available, including matrix pricing or reported trades, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids and/or offers. The Company did not
reclassify any investments between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s assets which were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were determined using the inputs described above and are as follows ( in millions ):      
    5. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   
 The compensation expense related to the Company s share-based compensation arrangements has been included in the condensed consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss as follows ( in millions ):      
   The fair value of equity instruments that vest based on continued employee service, net of estimated
forfeitures, is recognized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For restricted stock units (RSUs) with performance-based vesting requirements (PRSUs), no expense is recorded until the performance condition is
probable of being achieved. The Company estimates forfeiture rates for equity awards based on past behavior for similar equity awards with further consideration given to the class of employees to whom the equity awards were granted.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized estimated compensation cost related to
non-vested stock options and non-vested RSUs, that vest over a given service period, granted prior to that date was $33.6 million and $19.7 million, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.6
years and 2.7 years, respectively. Additionally, the Company has approximately 0.4 million PRSUs outstanding. The total unrecognized estimated compensation cost related to these PRSUs is $8.4 million and is expected to be recognized beginning
at the point when the vesting requirements become probable.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock options
to purchase approximately 0.3 million and 1.2 million shares of the Company s common stock were exercised, respectively. The cash received by the Company from stock option exercises during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was approximately $2.3 million and $5.3 million, respectively. The Company also issued approximately 0.3 million and 0.2 million shares of common stock pursuant to the vesting of RSUs during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Stock Option Assumptions    
 The Company granted stock options to purchase approximately 1.0 million and 1.1 million shares of the Company s common stock
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These stock options generally vest monthly over a four-year period. The exercise price of all stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The estimated fair value of each stock option granted was determined on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following
weighted-average assumptions for the stock option grants:      
   The Black-Scholes option-pricing model incorporates various and highly sensitive assumptions including
expected volatility, expected term and interest rates. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected term of the Company s
stock options. The expected option term is estimated based on historical experience as well as the status of the employee. For example, directors and officers have a longer expected option term than all other employees. The risk-free rate for
periods within the contractual life of the option is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of the Company s employee stock options. The Company has never declared or paid dividends and has no plans to do so in the
foreseeable future. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, share-based compensation expense related to stock options was $13.1 million and $9.4 million, respectively.  
   Restricted Stock Units    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company granted approximately 0.3 million and 0.4 million RSUs,
respectively, that generally vest annually over a four year period. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company granted approximately 230,000 and 50,000 PRSUs, respectively. These PRSUs vest based on the
achievement of pre-defined Company-specific performance criteria and expire approximately four to five years from the grant date. Expense recognition for PRSUs commences when attainment of the performance based criteria is determined to be probable.
The fair value of RSUs and PRSUs is estimated based on the closing sale price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, share-based compensation expense related to RSUs
and PRSUs was $7.4 million and $12.7 million, respectively. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company recognized approximately $8.3 million in expense related to outstanding PRSUs as it became probable that the pre-defined performance
criteria for vesting of such PRSUs would be met mainly due to the Phase III results of the Company s Kinect 3 clinical study.     6.
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY       Equity Financing    
 In February 2015, the Company completed a public offering of common stock in which the Company sold 8.0 million shares of its common stock
at an offering price of $36.00 per share. The net proceeds generated from this transaction, after underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs, were approximately $270.7 million.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   7. REAL ESTATE   
 In December 2007, the Company closed the sale of its facility and associated real property for a purchase price of $109 million. Concurrent
with the sale, the Company retired the entire $47.7 million in mortgage debt previously outstanding with respect to the facility and associated real property, and received cash of $61.0 million net of transaction costs and debt retirement.
   Upon the closing of the sale of the facility and associated real property, the Company entered into a lease agreement (Lease) whereby it
leased back for an initial term of 12 years its corporate headquarters comprised of two buildings located at 12790 El Camino Real (Front Building) and 12780 El Camino Real (Rear Building) in San Diego, California. The Company also entered into
a series of lease amendments (Amendments), beginning in late 2008, through which it vacated the Front Building, but continues to occupy the Rear Building. The ultimate result of this real estate sale was a net gain of $39.1 million which was
deferred in accordance with authoritative guidance. The Company recognized $0.9 million and $0.8 million of the deferred gain during the three month periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company recognized $2.6 million
and $2.5 million of the deferred gain during the nine month periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and will recognize the remaining $11.8 million of the deferred gain over the initial Lease term which will expire at the end
of 2019.    Under the terms of the Lease and the Amendments, the Company pays base annual rent (subject to an annual fixed percentage
increase), plus a 3.5% annual management fee, property taxes and other normal and necessary expenses associated with the Lease such as utilities, repairs and maintenance. In lieu of a cash security deposit under the Lease, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
issued on the Company s behalf a letter of credit in the amount of $4.6 million, which is secured by a deposit of equal amount with the same bank. The Company also has the right to extend the Lease for two consecutive ten-year terms.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had one sublease agreement for approximately 16,000 square feet of the Rear Building. This sublease
is expected to result in approximately $0.6 million of rental income in 2016 with this sublease rental income being recorded as an offset to rent expense. The income generated under this sublease is lower than the Company s financial obligation
under the Lease for the Rear Building, as determined on a per square foot basis. Consequently, at the inception of a sublease, or in association with an amendment to a sublease, the Company is required to record a cease-use liability for the net
present value of the estimated difference between the expected income to be generated under the sublease and future subleases and the Lease obligation over the remaining term of the Lease for the space that is occupied by the subtenant. The sublease
provides various options to extend for additional one-year renewal periods. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company terminated another previously existing sublease and began to reoccupy the related space to allow for expansion. This resulted
in reversal of cease use expense of approximately $0.8 million and a corresponding increase in deferred rent of approximately $0.2 million during the first quarter of 2016. The current term of the sole remaining sublease is scheduled to expire in
March 2018.    The following table sets forth changes to the accrued cease-use liability during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 ( in thousands ):      

8. LOSS PER COMMON SHARE     The Company
computes basic net loss per share using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. In computing the diluted net loss, potentially dilutive securities, composed of incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise
of stock options and warrants and the vesting of RSUs and PRSUs, are excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation because of their anti-dilutive effect.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company realized a net loss of $36.9 million and $96.4 million, respectively.
Options to purchase approximately 0.1 million and 0.4 million shares of common stock were outstanding during each the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, with an exercise price greater than the average market
price of the underlying common shares.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company realized a net loss of
$34.4 million and $59.6 million, respectively. Potentially dilutive securities totaled approximately 4.2 million and 4.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Options to purchase approximately
0.1 million and 0.3 million shares of common stock were outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, with an exercise price greater than the average market price of the underlying common shares.
    9. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT     R D
expenses consist primarily of salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits, and share-based compensation charges, for those individuals involved in ongoing R D efforts; as well as scientific contractor fees, preclinical and clinical trial costs,
R D facilities costs, laboratory supply costs, and depreciation of scientific equipment. All such costs are charged to R D expense as incurred. These expenses result from the Company s independent R D efforts as well as efforts
associated with collaborations and in-licensing arrangements. In addition, the Company funds R D at other companies and research institutions under agreements, which are generally cancelable. The Company reviews and accrues clinical trial
expenses based on work performed, which relies on estimates of total costs incurred based on patient enrollment, completion of patient studies and other events. The Company follows this method since reasonably dependable estimates of the costs
applicable to various stages of a research agreement or clinical trial can be made. Accrued clinical costs are subject to revisions as trials progress. Revisions are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision
become known.     10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
 On December 1, 2015, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai (Mount Sinai) filed a complaint against the Company in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York: Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai v. Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., Case No.  1:15-cv-09414.  In the complaint, Mount Sinai alleges that the
Company, by entering into an exclusive worldwide collaboration with AbbVie to develop and commercialize next-generation GnRH antagonists, breached a license agreement with Mount Sinai dated August 27, 1999 (Mount Sinai License). Mount
Sinai is seeking unspecified monetary damages, future sublicensing fees and attorney s fees. In January 2016, the Company filed a motion to dismiss this complaint in its entirety. In June 2016, the Court denied the motion in part and
granted the motion in part, ruling that while Mount Sinai could continue its lawsuit against the Company, there was no requirement by the Company to obtain Mount Sinai s consent prior to licensing the next-generation GnRH antagonists to AbbVie.
In July 2016, the Company filed its answer denying Mount Sinai s allegations, and filed counterclaims against Mount Sinai alleging patent misuse, non-infringement of Mount Sinai s patents, and that Mount Sinai s patents that are
subject to the Mount Sinai License are invalid. Mount Sinai has filed a motion to dismiss the Company s counterclaims and affirmative defenses. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims made in the complaint and
intends to vigorously defend against such claims, but is not able to predict the ultimate outcome of this action, or estimate any potential loss.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section contains forward-looking
statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth below in Part II, Item 1A under
the caption  Risk Factors.  The interim financial statements and this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes thereto
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016.      OVERVIEW   
 We discover and develop innovative and life-changing pharmaceuticals, in diseases with high unmet medical needs, through our novel research and
development (R D) platform, focused on neurological and endocrine based diseases and disorders. Utilizing a portfolio approach to drug discovery, we have multiple small molecule drug candidates at various stages of pharmaceutical development. We
develop proprietary pharmaceuticals for our pipeline, as well as collaborate with other pharmaceutical companies on our discoveries.    To
date, we have not generated any revenues from the sale of products. We have funded our operations primarily through private and public offerings of our common stock and payments received under R D collaboration agreements. While we independently
develop many of our product candidates, we have entered into collaborations for several of our programs, and intend to rely on existing and future collaborators to meet funding requirements. We expect to generate future operating cash flow losses as
product candidates are advanced through the various stages of clinical development. As of December 31, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of $915.2 million and expect to incur operating cash flow losses for the foreseeable future, which may be
greater than losses in prior years.    Our two lead late-stage clinical programs are elagolix, a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH)
antagonist in Phase III development for the treatment of endometriosis and uterine fibroids that is partnered with AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), and INGREZZA (valbenazine or  NBI-98854),  a vesicular monoamine
transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor for the treatment of movement disorders. Our New Drug Application (NDA) for utilizing INGREZZA in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia was filed with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA has
indicated that the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target date, on which the FDA is expected to complete its review of our INGREZZA NDA for tardive dyskinesia, is April 11, 2017. 
 We intend to commercialize INGREZZA in the United States upon NDA approval by the FDA.  
  AbbVie  . In June 2010, we announced an exclusive worldwide collaboration with AbbVie to develop and commercialize elagolix and all
next-generation GnRH antagonists (collectively, GnRH Compounds) for women s and men s health. The goal of the agreement is to develop and commercialize GnRH Compounds. AbbVie made an upfront payment of $75 million and has agreed to
make additional development and regulatory event-based payments of up to $480 million and up to an additional $50 million in commercial event-based payments. We have assessed event-based payments under the revised authoritative guidance for R D
milestones and determined that event-based payments prior to commencement of a Phase III clinical study, as defined in the agreement, meet the definition of a milestone in accordance with authoritative guidance as (1) they are events that can
only be achieved in part on our past performance, (2) there is substantive uncertainty at the date the arrangement was entered into that the event will be achieved and (3) they result in additional payments being due to us. Development and
regulatory event-based payments subsequent to the commencement of a Phase III clinical study, however, currently do not meet these criteria as their achievement is based on the performance of AbbVie. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $485
million remains outstanding in future event-based payments under the agreement. However, none of the remaining event-based payments meet the definition of a milestone in accordance with authoritative accounting guidance.  
 Under the terms of the agreement, AbbVie is responsible for all third-party development, marketing and commercialization costs. We received
funding for certain internal collaboration expenses which included reimbursement from AbbVie for internal and external expenses related to the GnRH Compounds through the end of 2012. We will be entitled to a percentage of worldwide sales of GnRH
Compounds for the longer of ten years or the life of the related patent rights. Under the terms of our agreement with AbbVie, the collaboration effort between the parties to advance GnRH Compounds towards commercialization was governed by a
joint development committee with representatives from both us and AbbVie. The collaborative development portion of the agreement concluded, as scheduled, on December 31, 2012. Our participation in the joint development committee was determined
to be a substantive deliverable under the contract, and therefore, the upfront payment was deferred and recognized over the term of the joint development committee, which was completed in December 2012. AbbVie may terminate the collaboration at its
discretion upon 180 days  written notice to us. In such event, we would be entitled to specified payments for ongoing clinical development and related activities and all GnRH Compound product rights would revert to us. During the first quarter
of 2016, AbbVie initiated Phase III  
      15  

Table of Contents  

clinical trials of elagolix in uterine fibroids which triggered a $15 million milestone payment to us. Since the inception of the agreement, we have recorded revenues of $75.0 million related to
the amortization of up-front license fees, $45.0 million in milestone revenue, and $37.0 million in sponsored development revenue.  
  Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation (Mitsubishi Tanabe).  On March 31, 2015, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement
with Mitsubishi Tanabe for the development and commercialization of INGREZZA for movement disorders in Japan and other select Asian markets. Payments from Mitsubishi Tanabe under this agreement include an up-front license fee of $30 million, up to
$85 million in development and commercialization event-based payments, payments for the manufacture of pharmaceutical products, and royalties on product sales in select territories in Asia. Under the terms of the agreement, Mitsubishi Tanabe is
responsible for all third-party development, marketing and commercialization costs in Japan and other select Asian markets with the exception of a single Huntington s chorea clinical trial to be performed by us, at a cost of approximately $12
million, should Mitsubishi Tanabe request the clinical trial. We will be entitled to a percentage of sales of INGREZZA in Japan and other select Asian markets for the longer of ten years or the life of the related patent rights. Under the terms of
the agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe, the collaboration effort between the parties to advance INGREZZA towards commercialization is governed by a joint steering committee and joint development committee with representatives from both Neurocrine and
Mitsubishi Tanabe. Mitsubishi Tanabe may terminate the agreement at its discretion upon 180 days  written notice to us. In such event, all INGREZZA product rights in Japan and other select Asian markets would revert to us. During the first
quarter of 2015, we recorded revenues of $19.8 million related to the up-front license fee. In accordance with our continuing performance obligations, $10.2 million of the $30 million upfront payment is being deferred and recognized in future
periods.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon financial statements that have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and
expenses, and related disclosures. On an on-going basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to revenues under collaborative research agreements and grants, clinical trial accruals (R D expense), share-based compensation, lease
related activities, investments, and fixed assets. Estimates are based on historical experience, information received from third parties and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The items in
our financial statements requiring significant estimates and judgments are as follows:      Revenue Recognition.   We recognize
revenue for the performance of services when each of the following four criteria is met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) services are rendered or products are delivered; (iii) the sales price is fixed or
determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.    We follow the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) for Revenue
Recognition Multiple-Element Arrangements and the ASC for Collaborative Arrangements, if applicable, to determine the recognition of revenue under our license and collaboration agreements. The terms of these agreements generally contain
multiple elements, or deliverables, which may include (i) licenses to our intellectual property, (ii) materials and technology, (iii) pharmaceutical supply, (iv) participation on joint development or joint steering committees,
and (v) development services. The payments we receive under these arrangements typically include one or more of the following: up-front license fees; funding of research and/or development efforts; amounts due upon the achievement of specified
milestones; manufacturing and royalties on future product sales.    The ASC provides guidance relating to the separation of deliverables
included in an arrangement into different units of accounting and the allocation of arrangement consideration to the units of accounting. The evaluation of multiple-element arrangements requires management to make judgments about (i) the
identification of deliverables, (ii) whether such deliverables are separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship, (iii) the estimated selling price of each deliverable, and (iv) the expected period of performance
for each deliverable.    To determine the units of accounting under a multiple-element arrangement, we evaluate certain separation
criteria, including whether the deliverables have stand-alone value, based on the relevant facts and circumstances for each arrangement. The selling prices of deliverables under an arrangement may be derived using vendor specific objective evidence
(VSOE), third-party evidence, or a best estimate of selling price (BESP), if VSOE or third-party evidence is not available. For most pharmaceutical licensing and collaboration agreements, BESP is utilized. The objective of BESP is to determine the
price at which the Company would transact a sale if the element within the agreement was sold on a standalone basis. Establishing BESP involves management s judgment and considers multiple factors, including market conditions and
company-specific factors, including those factors contemplated in negotiating the agreements, as well as internally developed models that include assumptions related to market opportunity, discounted
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

cash flows, estimated development costs, probability of success and the time needed to commercialize a product candidate pursuant to the agreement. In validating the BESP, we consider whether
changes in key assumptions used to determine the BESP will have a significant effect on the allocation of the arrangement consideration between the multiple deliverables. The allocated consideration for each unit of accounting is recognized over the
related obligation period in accordance with the applicable revenue recognition criteria.    If there are deliverables in an arrangement
that are not separable from other aspects of the contractual relationship, they are treated as a combined unit of accounting, with the allocated revenue for the combined unit recognized in a manner consistent with the revenue recognition applicable
to the final deliverable in the combined unit. Payments received prior to satisfying the relevant revenue recognition criteria are recorded as unearned revenue in the accompanying balance sheets and recognized as revenue when the related revenue
recognition criteria are met.    We typically receive up-front payments when licensing our intellectual property, which often occurs in
conjunction with a research and development agreement. We recognize revenue attributed to the license upon delivery, provided that the license has stand-alone value.  
 For payments payable on achievement of milestones that do not meet all of the conditions to be considered substantive, we recognize the
portion of the payment allocable to delivered items as revenue when the specific milestone is achieved, and the contingency is removed.  
 Prior to the revised multiple element guidance, described above, adopted by us on January 1, 2011, upfront, nonrefundable payments for
license fees, grants, and advance payments for sponsored research revenues received in excess of amounts earned were classified as deferred revenue and recognized as income over the contract or development period. Revenues from development
milestones are accounted for in accordance with the Revenue Recognition   Milestone Method Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC. Milestones are recognized when earned, as evidenced by written acknowledgment from the
collaborator or other persuasive evidence that the milestone has been achieved, provided that the milestone event is substantive. A milestone event is considered to be substantive if its achievability was not reasonably assured at the inception of
the agreement and our efforts led to the achievement of the milestone or the milestone was due upon the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting from our performance. We assess whether a milestone is substantive at the inception of each agreement.
     Research and Development Expense.   Our R D expenditures include costs related to preclinical and clinical trials,
scientific personnel, equipment, consultants, sponsored research, share-based compensation and allocated facility costs. We do not track fully burdened R D costs separately for each of our drug candidates. We review our R D expenses by
focusing on four categories: external development, personnel, facility and depreciation, and other. External development expenses consist of costs associated with our external preclinical and clinical trials, including pharmaceutical development and
manufacturing. Personnel expenses include salaries and wages, share-based compensation, payroll taxes and benefits for those individuals involved in ongoing R D efforts. Other R D expenses mainly represent laboratory supply expenses,
scientific consulting expenses and other expenses.      Share-based Compensation.   We grant stock options to purchase our common
stock to our employees and directors under our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2011 Plan), and grant stock options to certain employees pursuant to Employment Commencement Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreements. We also grant certain
employees stock bonuses and restricted stock units (RSUs) under the 2011 Plan. Additionally, we have outstanding stock options that were granted under previous option plans from which we no longer make grants. Share-based compensation expense
recognized in accordance with authoritative guidance for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $6.3 million and $13.9 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized
share-based compensation expense of $20.5 million and $22.2 million, respectively.    For purposes of calculating share-based compensation,
we estimate the fair value of stock option awards using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of share-based compensation awards utilizing the Black-Scholes model is affected by our stock price and a number of
assumptions, including but not limited to expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of stock options. Our stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and changes in
the assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. The fair value of RSUs is estimated based on the closing sale price of our common stock on the date of issuance.  
 Stock option awards and RSUs generally vest over a three to four year period and the corresponding expense is ratably recognized over those
same time periods. For RSUs with performance-based vesting requirements (PRSUs), no expense is recorded until the performance condition is probable of being achieved. During the third quarter of 2015, we recognized approximately $8.3 million in
expense related to outstanding PRSUs as it became probable that the pre-defined performance criteria for the vesting of such PRSUs would be met mainly due to the Phase III results of our Kinect 3 clinical study.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  If factors change and we employ different assumptions, share-based compensation expense may
differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. If there is a difference between the assumptions used in determining share-based compensation expense and the actual factors which become known over time, specifically with respect to
anticipated forfeitures, we may change the input factors used in determining share-based compensation expense for future grants. These changes, if any, may materially impact our results of operations in the period such changes are made. If actual
forfeitures vary from our estimates, we will recognize the difference in compensation expense in the period the actual forfeitures occur or at the time of vesting.  
  THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   
   Operating Expenses    
  Research and Development   
 The following table presents our total R D expenses by category during the periods presented:  
   
   R D expense decreased by $3.5 million; from $24.4 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $20.9 million in
the third quarter of 2016. Third quarter external development expense decreased by $2.5 million from 2015 to 2016. Our VMAT2 Phase III clinical program represents $2.9 million of the decrease in external development expenses as a result of
completing the Kinect 3 clinical trial, offset by an increase in CRF related expenses of approximately $0.4 million. Additionally R D personnel expense decreased by $2.8 million, approximately $3.6 million of the decrease in R D
personnel expense was related to lower share-based compensation expense. During the third quarter of 2015, certain performance-based restricted stock units met the criteria for expensing resulting in a one-time expense of approximately $4.0 million.
The reduction in share-based compensation expense was partially offset by $1.3 million increase in personnel costs primarily due to increases in R D headcount. Additionally, other R D expense increased $1.7 million primarily
related to expanded efforts around our INGREZZA NDA for tardive dyskinesia.     General and Administrative   
 General and administrative expense increased to $17.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $11.5 million during the same period in
2015. The $6.0 million increase in general and administrative expense is primarily due to external costs related to market research, commercial launch preparation and other professional services which were $5.4 million higher for the third
quarter of 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015. Share-based compensation expense decreased by $4.0 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. During the third quarter of 2015, certain performance-based
restricted stock units met the criteria for expensing resulting in a significant increase in quarterly expense. This decrease in share-based compensation was primarily offset by a $3.8 million increase in other personnel related costs due to the
addition of sales and marketing personnel to support pre-commercialization activities for INGREZZA.      Net Loss    
 Our net loss for the third quarter of 2016 was $36.9 million, or a net loss of $0.43 per share, compared to a net loss of $34.4 million,
or a net loss of $0.40 per share, during the same period in 2015. The increase in our net loss from 2015 to 2016 was a result of the above mentioned higher general and administrative expenses.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   
   License Fees and Milestone Revenues    
 During the first quarter of 2016, AbbVie initiated Phase III development of elagolix in uterine fibroids, which triggered a $15 million
milestone event payment to us. During the first quarter of 2015, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe for the development and commercialization of our VMAT2 inhibitor INGREZZA for movement disorders in Japan
and other select Asian markets. Payments from Mitsubishi Tanabe under this agreement included an up-front license fee of $30 million, of which we recorded revenues of $19.8 million during the first quarter of 2015.  
   Operating Expenses    
  Research and Development   
 The following table presents our total R D expenses by category during the periods presented:  
   
   The $12.0 million increase in nine-month R D expenses from 2015 to 2016 was primarily due to a $8.4
million increase in other R D expenses primarily related to efforts around our NDA filing of INGREZZA for tardive dyskinesia, including $2.4 million for the related FDA filing fee and an increase in scientific consulting of approximately $5.9
million. Additionally, external development expenses related to our INGREZZA Phase III clinical program in tardive dyskinesia and Phase II program in Tourette syndrome increased by $4.0 million from 2015 to 2016.  
  General and Administrative   
 General and administrative expense increased to $44.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared with $23.5 million during the same
period in 2015. The $20.9 million increase in general and administrative expense is primarily due to higher personnel related costs associated with an increase in headcount to support our commercial launch preparation of INGREZZA in tardive
dyskinesia (increased by $7.8 million). Additionally, external costs related to market research, commercial launch preparation and other professional services were $11.9 million higher for the first nine months of 2016 when compared to the same
period in 2015.      Net Loss    
 Our net loss for the first nine months of 2016 was $96.4 million, or a net loss of $1.11 per share, compared to a net loss of
$59.6 million, or a net loss of $0.71 per share, during the same period in 2015. Operating expenses increased by $32.9 million from the first nine months of 2015 to the first nine months of 2016. Revenue for the first nine months of 2016
decreased by $4.8 million due to the revenue recognized from the up-front license fee from Mitsubishi Tanabe in 2015 ($19.8 million) being greater than the $15.0 million milestone payment received from AbbVie during the first nine months of 2016.
    LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 Net cash used in operating activities during the first nine months of 2016 was $74.6 million compared to $22.8 million during the same period
in 2015. The $51.8 million change in cash flows from operating activities is primarily due an increase in net loss of approximately $36.8 million. In addition, during the first nine months of 2015, we received $30.0 million from Mitsubishi
Tanabe as an upfront licensing payment; of which approximately $10.2 million was accounted for as deferred revenue .    
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Net cash provided by investing activities during the first nine months of 2016 was $97.8 million
compared to cash used in investing activities of $217.9 million during the same period in 2015. The fluctuation in net cash used in investing activities resulted primarily from the timing differences in investment purchases, sales and maturities of
investments, and the fluctuation of our portfolio mix between cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investment holdings.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  Net cash provided by financing activities during the first nine months of 2016 was $2.3 million
compared to $276.0 million during the same period in 2015. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to net proceeds of approximately $270.7 million from our public offering of common stock in February 2015. Stock
option exercises yielded approximately $2.3 million and $5.3 million in cash proceeds during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 At September 30, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $383.2 million compared with $461.7 million at
December 31, 2015.     Equity Financing.  In February 2015, we completed a public offering of common stock in which we sold
8.0 million shares of our common stock at an offering price of $36.00 per share. The net proceeds generated from this transaction, after underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs, were approximately $270.7 million.  
  Shelf Registration Statements.  In February 2014, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement which immediately became effective
by rule of the SEC. For so long as we continue to satisfy the requirements to be deemed a well-known seasoned issuer, this shelf registration statement allows us to issue an unlimited number of shares of our common stock from time to time. As of
September 30, 2016, we had sold 16.0 million shares under this shelf registration statement .      We believe that our
existing capital resources, together with interest income and future payments due under our strategic alliances, will be sufficient to satisfy our current and projected funding requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, we cannot
guarantee that these capital resources and payments will be sufficient to conduct all of our R D programs and commercial activities as planned. The amount and timing of expenditures will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the
progress of our R D programs and commercial efforts related to INGREZZA.    We may require additional funding to continue our research
and product development programs, to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials, for operating expenses, to pursue regulatory approvals for our product candidates, for the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and
enforcing or defending patent claims, if any, the cost of product in-licensing and any possible acquisitions, and we may require additional funding to establish manufacturing, marketing and commercialization capabilities in the future. We may seek
to access the public or private equity markets whenever conditions are favorable. For example, we have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the SEC which allows us to issue an unlimited number of shares of our common stock from
time to time. We may also seek additional funding through strategic alliances or other financing mechanisms. We cannot assure you that adequate funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any additional equity financings will be
dilutive to our stockholders and any additional debt may involve operating covenants that may restrict our business. If adequate funds are not available through these means, we may be required to curtail significantly one or more of our research or
development programs or obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators or others. This may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our technologies or product candidates. To the extent that we are unable to obtain third-party funding for
such expenses, we expect that increased expenses will result in increased cash flow losses from operations. We cannot assure you that we will successfully develop our products under development or that our products, if successfully developed, will
generate revenues sufficient to enable us to earn a profit.     OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.  
  INTEREST RATE RISK     We are exposed to
interest rate risk on our short and long term investments. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective, we
invest in highly liquid and high quality government and other debt securities. To minimize our exposure due to adverse shifts in interest rates, we invest in short-term securities and ensure that the maximum average maturity of our investments does
not exceed 12 months. If a 10% change in interest rates had occurred on September 30, 2016, this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio as of that date. Due to the short holding period of our
investments and the nature of our investments, we have concluded that we do not have a material financial market risk exposure.     NEW ACCOUNTING
PRONOUNCEMENTS     In May 2014, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition, which outlines a comprehensive
revenue recognition model and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue upon transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be
received  
      21  

Table of Contents  

in exchange for those goods or services. The amended guidance defines a five-step approach for recognizing revenue, which may require us to use more judgment and make more estimates than under
the current guidance. The new standard allows for two methods of adoption: (a) full retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all periods presented, or (b) modified retrospective adoption, meaning the cumulative effect of
applying the new standard is recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance. We are in the process of determining the timing of adoption and the adoption method as well as the effects the adoption will have on our consolidated
financial statements. The amended guidance as currently issued will be effective for us starting in 2018.    In August 2014, the FASB issued
guidance codified in ASU 2014-15 (Subtopic 205-40),  Presentation of Financial Statements - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . The guidance requires management to evaluate whether there
are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued when applicable). Management will be required
to make this evaluation for both annual and interim reporting periods and will make certain disclosures if it concludes that substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a
going concern. Substantial doubt exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the
financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The term probable is used consistently with its use in ASC Topic 450,  Contingencies . The guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for interim
reporting periods starting in the first quarter 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements and expects to adopt the standard for the annual
reporting period ended December 31, 2016.    In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
 2016-02,  Leases. This update amends the current accounting guidance for lease transactions. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize both assets and liabilities for any leases in excess
of twelve months. Additionally, certain qualitative and quantitative disclosures will also be required in the financial statements. We are required to adopt this new guidance beginning in 2019 and early adoption is permitted. We are in the process
of determining the effects this update will have on our consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update  2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This update amends the current tax accounting rules for share-based
compensation in an attempt to simplify the reporting of excess tax benefits and deficiencies related to equity compensation. Additionally, the FASB has provided an alternative for forfeiture estimations related to grants of equity awards. We are
required to adopt this new guidance beginning in 2017 and early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of determining the effects this update will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS     This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements can only be based on
facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, these forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and outcomes discussed in the
forward-looking statements.    Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as
 believes,   expects,   hopes,   may,   will,   plan,   intends,   estimates,   could,   should,   would,   continue, 
 seeks,   proforma,  or  anticipates,  or other similar words (including their use in the negative), or by discussions of future matters such as the development or regulatory approval of new products, technology
enhancements, possible changes in legislation and other statements that are not historical. These statements include but are not limited to statements under the captions  Risk Factors,  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  as well as other sections in this report. You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events discussed under the heading in Part II titled  Item 1A. Risk Factors  and
elsewhere in this report could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition and that if any of these events occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or a part of the value
of your shares of our common stock.    The cautionary statements made in this report are intended to be applicable to all related
forward-looking statements wherever they may appear in this report. We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to
update our forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       A discussion of our exposure
to, and management of, market risk appears in Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under the heading  Interest Rate Risk.       

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES       We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports required by the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the timelines specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable
level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  As required by SEC Rule  13a-15(b),  we carried out an
evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the quarter covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    
 An evaluation was also performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of any change to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter and that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. Our evaluation did not identify significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in  Rules 13a-15(f)  and
 15d-15(f) under  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.       PART II: OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       The information set forth under Note 10  Commitments and
Contingencies  to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of our Quarterly Report on From 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       The following Risk Factors do not reflect any material changes to the Risk
Factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, other than the revisions to the risk factors set forth below with an asterisk (*) next to the title. The following information sets
forth risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those we may make from time to time. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition could be harmed. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also affect our business operations.  
  Risks Related to Our Company       *We have never
obtained regulatory approval for a drug and we may be unable to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approval for INGREZZA or any of our other product candidates.    
 We have never obtained regulatory approval for a drug. Securing U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval requires the submission of
extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the FDA for each indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. It is possible that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities may refuse to accept
our New Drug Application (NDA) (or corresponding application) for substantive review or may conclude after review of our data that our application is insufficient to obtain regulatory approval of INGREZZA or any of our other product candidates. The
process of obtaining these approvals and the subsequent compliance with federal and state statutes and regulations require spending substantial time and financial resources.  
 If the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities do not accept or approve our applications, we may be required to conduct additional clinical,
nonclinical or manufacturing validation studies and submit those data before reconsideration of our application occurs. Depending on the extent of these or any other required studies, approval of any NDA or application that we submit may be delayed
by several years, or may require us to expend more resources than we have available. It is also possible that additional studies, if performed and completed, may not be considered sufficient by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities to approve
our NDA.    Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, regulatory approvals would prevent us from commercializing INGREZZA or any of
our other product candidates, generating revenues and achieving and sustaining profitability. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for INGREZZA or any of our other product candidates, which would have a
material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

    Breakthrough therapy and priority review designations for INGREZZA for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia
may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process.      A breakthrough therapy is defined as a product that
is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more
clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. A priority review designation accelerates the FDA review timeline from 10 months to 6 months from the date of acceptance of the NDA.  
 The receipt of such designations for INGREZZA may not result in a faster regulatory review or approval process compared to products considered
for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, the FDA may later decide that the product candidate no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA
review or approval will not be shortened.      Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing
obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to
penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products.      Any regulatory
approvals that we receive for our product candidates may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly
post-marketing testing, including Phase IV clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves any of our product
candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These
requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later
discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result
in, among other things:      

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;    

fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials;        

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals;    

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and        

product injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.      The FDA s policies
may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new
requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which would adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability.
     * Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which could prevent or significantly delay their
regulatory approval.      Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of any of our potential products, we must subject these
product candidates to extensive preclinical and clinical testing to demonstrate their safety and efficacy for humans. Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and may take years to complete.  
 In connection with the clinical trials of our product candidates, we face the risks that:  

the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authority may not approve an Investigational New Drug (IND) Application or foreign equivalent filings required to initiate human clinical studies for our drug candidates or the FDA
may require additional preclinical or clinical studies as a condition of the initiation of Phase I clinical studies, progression from Phase I to Phase II, or Phase II to Phase III, or for NDA approval;    

the product candidate may not prove to be effective or as effective as other competing product candidates;    
      24  

Table of Contents  

we may discover that a product candidate may cause harmful side effects or results of required toxicology studies may not be acceptable to the FDA;    

the results may not replicate the results of earlier, smaller trials;        

the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may require use of new or experimental endpoints that may prove insensitive to treatment effects;    

we or the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities may suspend the trials;        

the results may not be statistically significant;        

patient recruitment may be slower than expected;        

patients may drop out of the trials; and        

regulatory requirements may change.      These risks and uncertainties impact all of our clinical
programs. Specifically, with respect to our gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) program with AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), any of the clinical, regulatory or operational events described above could delay timelines for the completion of the Phase III
endometriosis program or the Phase III uterine fibroids program, require suspension of these programs and/or obviate filings for regulatory approvals. Similarly, our VMAT2 inhibitor program will be impacted if any of the events above lead to delayed
timelines for the enrollment in, or completion of, the Phase III tardive dyskinesia or the Tourette syndrome Phase II clinical trials of INGREZZA.  
 In addition, late stage clinical trials are often conducted with patients having the most advanced stages of disease. During the course of
treatment, these patients can die or suffer other adverse medical effects for reasons that may not be related to the pharmaceutical agent being tested but which can nevertheless adversely affect clinical trial results. Any failure or substantial
delay in completing clinical trials for our product candidates may severely harm our business.    Even if the clinical trials are
successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of
the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, approval of our product candidates may be significantly delayed, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources,
which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates.      We depend on our current
collaborators, and may need to enter into future collaborations to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates.    
 Our strategy for fully developing and commercializing elagolix is dependent upon maintaining our current collaboration agreement with AbbVie.
This collaboration agreement provides for significant future payments should certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones be achieved, and royalties on future sales of elagolix. Under this agreement, AbbVie is responsible for, among
other things, conducting clinical trials and obtaining required regulatory approvals for elagolix; as well as manufacturing and commercialization of elagolix in the event it receives regulatory approval.  
 Because of our reliance on AbbVie, the development and commercialization of elagolix could be substantially delayed, and our ability to
receive future funding could be substantially impaired, if AbbVie:      

failed to gain the requisite regulatory approval of elagolix;        

did not successfully launch and commercialize elagolix;        

did not conduct its collaborative activities in a timely manner;        

did not devote sufficient time and resources to our partnered program;        

terminated its agreement with us;        

developed, either alone or with others, products that may compete with elagolix;        

disputed our respective allocations of rights to any products or technology developed during our collaboration; or        

merged with a third party that wants to terminate our agreement.    
      25  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2015, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe to
develop and commercialize INGREZZA in Japan and other select Asian markets. We will rely on Mitsubishi Tanabe to achieve certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones which, if achieved, could generate significant future revenue for us.
Our collaboration with Mitsubishi Tanabe is subject to risks and uncertainties similar to those described above. In addition, we may need to enter into other collaborations to assist in the development and commercialization of other product
candidates we are developing now or may develop in the future, and any such future collaborations would be subject to similar risks and uncertainties.  
 These issues and possible disagreements with AbbVie, Mitsubishi Tanabe or any future corporate collaborators could lead to delays in the
collaborative research, development or commercialization of our product candidates. Furthermore, disagreements with these parties could require or result in litigation or arbitration, which would be time-consuming and expensive. If any of these
issues arise, it may delay the development and commercialization of drug candidates and, ultimately, our generation of product revenues.      Because
the development of our product candidates is subject to a substantial degree of technological uncertainty, we may not succeed in developing any of our product candidates.    
 All of our product candidates are currently in research or clinical development. Only a small number of research and development programs
ultimately result in commercially successful drugs. Potential products that appear to be promising at early stages of development may not reach the market for a number of reasons. These reasons include the possibilities that the potential products
may:      

be found ineffective or cause harmful side effects during preclinical studies or clinical trials;        

fail to receive necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all;        

be precluded from commercialization by proprietary rights of third parties;        

be difficult to manufacture on a large scale; or        

be uneconomical to commercialize or fail to achieve market acceptance.      If any of our products
encounters any of these potential problems, we may never successfully market that product.      We do not and will not have access to all information
regarding the product candidates we licensed to AbbVie.      We do not and will not have access to all information regarding the
products being developed and potentially commercialized by AbbVie, including potentially material information about clinical trial design and execution, safety reports from clinical trials, spontaneous safety reports if a product candidate is later
approved and marketed, regulatory affairs, process development, manufacturing, marketing and other areas known by AbbVie. In addition, we have confidentiality obligations under our agreement with AbbVie. Thus, our ability to keep our shareholders
informed about the status of product candidates under our collaboration with AbbVie will be limited by the degree to which AbbVie keeps us informed and allows us to disclose such information to the public. If AbbVie fails to keep us informed about
the clinical development and regulatory approval of our collaboration and product candidates licensed to it, we may make operational and investment decisions that we would not have made had we been fully informed, which may materially and adversely
affect our business and operations.      We have a history of losses and expect to incur negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future, and
we may never achieve sustained profitability.      Since our inception, we have incurred significant net losses and negative cash flow
from operations. As a result of historical operating losses, we had an accumulated deficit of $915.2 million as of December 31, 2015. We do not expect to be profitable, or generate positive cash flows from operations, for the year ending
December 31, 2016.    We have not yet obtained regulatory approvals of any products and, consequently, have not generated revenues from
the sale of products. Even if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more of our drugs, we may not be profitable. We also expect to continue to incur significant operating and capital expenditures as we:  

seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates;        

develop, formulate, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates;        

in-license or acquire new product development opportunities;        

implement additional internal systems and infrastructure; and        

hire additional clinical, scientific and marketing personnel.    
      26  

Table of Contents  

  We expect to experience negative cash flow in the coming years as we fund our operations,
in-licensing or acquisition opportunities, and capital expenditures. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow on an annual basis. We may not be able to generate these revenues, and we
may never achieve profitability on an annual basis in the future. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability on an annual basis could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. Even if we become profitable on an annual basis, we
cannot assure you that we would be able to sustain or increase profitability on an annual basis.      *The price of our common stock is volatile.
     The market prices for securities of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies historically have been highly volatile, and the
market for these securities has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. Over the course of the last 12 months, the price of our common stock has
ranged from approximately $31.00 per share to approximately $58.00 per share. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate in response to many factors, including:      

the results of the FDA s review of our INGREZZA NDA for tardive dyskinesia;        

the results of our clinical trials;        

developments concerning new and existing collaboration agreements;        

announcements of technological innovations or new therapeutic products by us or others;        

general economic and market conditions, including economic and market conditions affecting the biotechnology industry;        

developments in patent or other proprietary rights;        

developments related to the FDA;        

future sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders;        

comments by securities analysts;        

fluctuations in our operating results;        

developments related to on-going litigation;        

government regulation;        

health care reimbursement;        

failure of any of our product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success; and        

public concern as to the safety of our drugs.        Because our operating results may vary significantly in
future periods, our stock price may decline.      Our quarterly revenues, expenses and operating results have fluctuated in the past
and are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future. Our revenues are unpredictable and may fluctuate, among other reasons, due to our achievement of product development objectives and milestones, clinical trial enrollment and expenses, research
and development expenses and the timing and nature of contract manufacturing and contract research payments. A high portion of our costs are predetermined on an annual basis, due in part to our significant research and development costs. Thus, small
declines in revenue could disproportionately affect operating results in a quarter. Because of these factors, our operating results in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could
cause our stock price to decline.      We license some of our core technologies and drug candidates from third parties. If we default on any of our
obligations under those licenses, or violate the terms of these licenses, we could lose our rights to those technologies and drug candidates or be forced to pay damages.    
 We are dependent on licenses from third parties for some of our key technologies. These licenses typically subject us to various
commercialization, reporting and other obligations. If we fail to comply with these obligations, we could lose important rights. For example, we license some of the core technologies used in our research and development activities and collaborations
from third parties, including the GnRH receptor which we license from The Mount Sinai School of Medicine of the City University of New York (Mount Sinai). If we were to default on our obligations under any of our licenses, we could lose some or all
of our rights to develop, market and sell products covered by these licenses. If we were to violate any of the terms of our licenses, we could become subject to damages. For example, on December 1, 2015, Mount Sinai filed a complaint against
us, seeking unspecified monetary damages, future  
      27  

Table of Contents  

sublicensing fees and attorney s fees, alleging that we violated the terms of our license with Mount Sinai by entering into an exclusive worldwide collaboration with AbbVie. While we believe
that we have meritorious defenses to the claims made in the complaint and intend to vigorously defend ourselves against such claims, we are not able to predict the ultimate outcome of this action. Likewise, if we were to lose our rights under a
license to use proprietary research tools, it could adversely affect our existing collaborations or adversely affect our ability to form new collaborations. We also face the risk that our licensors could, for a number of reasons, lose patent
protection or lose their rights to the technologies we have licensed, thereby impairing or extinguishing our rights under our licenses with them.  
   We have limited marketing experience, no sales force, no third-party reimbursement or distribution capabilities, and if our products are approved, we
may not be able to commercialize them successfully.      Although we do not currently have any marketable products, our ability to
produce revenues ultimately depends on our ability to sell our products and secure adequate third-party reimbursement if and when they are approved by the FDA. We currently have limited experience in marketing and selling pharmaceutical products. If
we fail to establish successful marketing, sales and reimbursement capabilities or fail to enter into successful marketing arrangements with third parties, our product revenues will suffer.  
   The independent clinical investigators and contract research organizations that we rely upon to conduct our clinical trials may not be diligent, careful
or timely, and may make mistakes, in the conduct of our trials.      We depend on independent clinical investigators and contract
research organizations (CROs) to conduct our clinical trials under their agreements with us. The investigators are not our employees, and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. If independent
investigators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our drug development programs, or if their performance is substandard, or not in compliance with Good Clinical Practices, it may delay or prevent the approval of our FDA applications and
our introduction of new drugs. The CROs we contract with for execution of our clinical trials play a significant role in the conduct of the trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. Failure of the CROs to meet their obligations
could adversely affect clinical development of our products. Moreover, these independent investigators and CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. If independent investigators and CROs
assist our competitors at our expense, it could harm our competitive position.      We have no manufacturing capabilities. If third-party manufacturers
of our product candidates fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our concerns, or if their performance is substandard, our clinical trials and product introductions may be delayed and our costs may rise.    
 We have in the past utilized, and intend to continue to utilize, third-party manufacturers to produce the drug compounds we use in our clinical
trials and for the potential commercialization of our future products. We have no experience in manufacturing products for commercial purposes and do not currently have any manufacturing facilities. Consequently, we depend on, and will continue to
depend on, several contract manufacturers for all production of products for development and commercial purposes. If we are unable to obtain or retain third-party manufacturers, we will not be able to develop or commercialize our products. The
manufacture of our products for clinical trials and commercial purposes is subject to specific FDA regulations, including current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations. Our third-party manufacturers might not comply with FDA regulations relating
to manufacturing our products for clinical trials and commercial purposes or other regulatory requirements now or in the future. Our reliance on contract manufacturers also exposes us to the following risks:  

contract manufacturers may encounter difficulties in achieving volume production, quality control and quality assurance, and also may experience shortages in qualified personnel. As a result, our contract manufacturers
might not be able to meet our clinical schedules or adequately manufacture our products in commercial quantities when required;        

switching manufacturers may be difficult because the number of potential manufacturers is limited. It may be difficult or impossible for us to find a replacement manufacturer quickly on acceptable terms, or at all;

our contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to successfully produce, store or distribute our products; and    

drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, and other agencies to ensure strict compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices
and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards.    
 Our current dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of our products may harm our profit margin, if any, on the sale of our future
products and our ability to develop and deliver products on a timely and competitive basis.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

    If we cannot raise additional funding, we may be unable to complete development of our product candidates.
     We may require additional funding to continue our research and product development programs, to conduct preclinical studies and
clinical trials, for operating expenses and to pursue regulatory approvals for product candidates, for the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing or defending patent claims, if any, product in-licensing and any
possible acquisitions, and we may require additional funding to establish manufacturing, marketing and commercialization capabilities in the future. We believe that our existing capital resources, together with investment income, and future payments
due under our strategic alliances, will be sufficient to satisfy our current and projected funding requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, these resources might be insufficient to conduct research and development programs to the full
extent currently planned. If we cannot obtain adequate funds, we may be required to curtail significantly one or more of our research and development programs or obtain funds through additional arrangements with corporate collaborators or others
that may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates.    Our future capital requirements will depend
on many factors, including:      

continued scientific progress in our research and development programs;        

the magnitude and complexity of our research and development programs;        

progress with preclinical testing and clinical trials;        

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals;        

the costs involved in filing and pursuing patent applications, enforcing patent claims, or engaging in interference proceedings or other patent litigation;    

competing technological and market developments;        

the establishment of additional strategic alliances;        

developments related to on-going litigation;        

the cost of commercialization activities and arrangements, including manufacturing of our product candidates; and        

the cost of product in-licensing and any possible acquisitions.      We intend to seek additional
funding through strategic alliances, and may seek additional funding through public or private sales of our securities, including equity securities. For example, we have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) which, for so long as we continue to satisfy the requirements to be deemed a well-known seasoned issuer, allows us to issue an unlimited number of shares of our common stock from time to time. In addition, we have
previously financed capital purchases and may continue to pursue opportunities to obtain additional debt financing in the future. Additional equity or debt financing might not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. Any additional equity
financings will be dilutive to our stockholders and any additional debt financings may involve operating covenants that restrict our business.      If
we are unable to retain and recruit qualified scientists or if any of our key senior executives discontinues his or her employment with us, it may delay our development efforts.    
 We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. The loss of any of these people could impede the
achievement of our objectives. Furthermore, recruiting and retaining qualified scientific personnel to perform research and development work in the future is critical to our success. We may be unable to attract and retain personnel on acceptable
terms given the competition among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and health care companies, universities and non-profit research institutions for experienced scientists. In addition, we rely on a significant number of consultants to assist us in
formulating our research and development strategy. Our consultants may have commitments to, or advisory or consulting agreements with, other entities that may limit their availability to us.  
   We may be subject to claims that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers.    
 As is commonplace in the biotechnology industry, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical
companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other
proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to
management.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

    Governmental and third-party payors may impose sales and pharmaceutical pricing controls on our products or
limit coverage and/or reimbursement for our products that could limit our product revenues and delay sustained profitability.      Our
ability to commercialize any products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available. The continuing efforts of government and third-party
payors to contain or reduce the costs of health care through various means may reduce our potential revenues. These payors  efforts could decrease the price that we receive for any products we may develop and sell in the future.  
 Assuming we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may
require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs
associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of our products. Coverage decisions may depend upon
clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available regardless of whether they are approved by the FDA for that
particular use.    Government authorities and other third-party payors are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling
healthcare costs, such as by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Further, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors in the United States.
Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and
clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance.  
 There may also be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than
the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs,
including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we
obtain marketing approval. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition.      If physicians and patients do not
accept our products, we may not recover our investment.      The commercial success of our products, if they are approved for
marketing, will depend upon the acceptance of our products as safe and effective by the medical community and patients.    The market
acceptance of our products could be affected by a number of factors, including:      

the timing of receipt of marketing approvals;        

the safety and efficacy of the products;        

the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement for the products;        

the success of existing products addressing our target markets or the emergence of equivalent or superior products; and        

the cost-effectiveness of the products.      In addition, market acceptance depends on the
effectiveness of our marketing strategy, and, to date, we have very limited sales and marketing experience or capabilities. If the medical community and patients do not ultimately accept our products as being safe, effective, superior and/or
cost-effective, we may not recover our investment.      If we receive regulatory approval from the FDA for any of our product candidates, we could face
liability if a regulatory authority determines that we are promoting any such product for  off-label  uses.      A company
may not promote  off-label  uses for its drug products. An off-label use is the use of a product for an indication that is not described in the product s FDA-approved label in the United States or for uses in other jurisdictions that
differ from those approved by the applicable regulatory agencies. Physicians, on the other hand, may prescribe products for off-label uses. Although the FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician s choice of drug treatment
made in the physician s independent medical judgment, they do restrict promotional communications from companies or their sales force with respect to off-label uses of  
      30  

Table of Contents  

products for which marketing clearance has not been issued. A company that is found to have promoted off-label use of its product may be subject to significant liability, including civil and
criminal sanctions. If we begin marketing any of our product candidates, we intend to comply with the requirements and restrictions of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with respect to our promotion of our products, but we cannot be sure that
the FDA or other regulatory agencies will agree that we have not violated their restrictions. As a result, we may be subject to criminal and civil liability. In addition, our management s attention could be diverted to handle any such alleged
violations. A significant number of companies have been the target of inquiries and investigations by various U.S. federal and state regulatory, investigative, prosecutorial and administrative entities in connection with the promotion of products
for unapproved uses and other sales practices, including the Department of Justice and various U.S. Attorneys  Offices, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission and
various state Attorneys General offices. These investigations have alleged violations of various U.S. federal and state laws and regulations, including claims asserting antitrust violations, violations of the federal False Claims Act, the
Prescription Drug Marketing Act, anti-kickback laws, and other alleged violations in connection with the promotion of products for unapproved uses, pricing and Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement. If the FDA or any other governmental agency
initiates an enforcement action against us or if we are the subject of a  qui tam  suit and it is determined that we violated prohibitions relating to the promotion of products for unapproved uses, we could be subject to substantial civil or
criminal fines or damage awards and other sanctions such as consent decrees and corporate integrity agreements pursuant to which our activities would be subject to ongoing scrutiny and monitoring to ensure compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. Any such fines, awards or other sanctions would have an adverse effect on our revenue, business, financial prospects, and reputation.  
   Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses.    
 Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, new SEC regulations and NASDAQ rules, are creating uncertainty for companies such as ours. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in some cases due to
their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards
have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and management time related to compliance activities. If we fail to comply with these laws, regulations and standards, our reputation may be
harmed and we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC. Any such action could adversely affect our financial results and the market price of our common stock.  
  Risks Related to Our Industry       Health care reform
measures and other recent legislative initiatives could adversely affect our business.      The business and financial condition of
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are affected by the efforts of governmental and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of health care. In the United States, comprehensive health care reform legislation was enacted by the
Federal government and we expect that there will continue to be a number of federal and state proposals to implement government control over the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals. In addition, increasing emphasis on reducing the cost of health
care in the United States will continue to put pressure on the rate of adoption and pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals. Moreover, in some foreign jurisdictions, pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is already subject to government control.
Additionally, other recent federal legislation imposes new obligations on manufacturers of pharmaceutical products, among others, related to product tracking and tracing. Among the requirements of this new legislation, manufacturers are required to
provide certain information regarding the drug product to individuals and entities to which product ownership is transferred, label drug product with a product identifier, and keep certain records regarding distribution of the drug product. Further,
under this new legislation, manufacturers will have drug product investigation, quarantine, disposition, notification and purchaser license verification responsibilities related to counterfeit, diverted, stolen, and intentionally adulterated
products, as well as products that are the subject of fraudulent transactions or which are otherwise unfit for distribution such that they would be reasonably likely to result in serious health consequences or death.  
 Additionally, in March 2010, the ACA was signed into law, which was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the
growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms.
Among the provisions of the ACA of importance to our potential drug candidates are:      

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government
healthcare programs;    
      31  

Table of Contents  

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1% and 13.0% of the average manufacturer price for branded and generic drugs, respectively;

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected;    

extension of a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations;    

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals with income at or below 133% of the federal poverty level, thereby
potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability;        

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50% point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their
coverage gap period, as a condition for a manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part         

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; and        

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research.    
 We expect that the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage
criteria and lower reimbursement, and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in
payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs.  
 We are currently unable to predict what additional legislation or regulation, if any, relating to the health care industry may be enacted in
the future or what effect recently enacted Federal legislation or any such additional legislation or regulation would have on our business. The pendency or approval of such proposals or reforms could result in a decrease in our stock price or limit
our ability to raise capital or to enter into collaboration agreements for the further development and commercialization of our programs and products.  
   We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, the demand for our products, if any, may be reduced.    
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are subject to rapid and intense technological change. We face, and will continue to face,
competition in the development and marketing of our product candidates from academic institutions, government agencies, research institutions and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.  
 Competition may also arise from, among other things:      

other drug development technologies;        

methods of preventing or reducing the incidence of disease, including vaccines; and        

new small molecule or other classes of therapeutic agents.      Developments by others may render
our product candidates or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive.    We are performing research on or developing products for the treatment
of several disorders including endometriosis, tardive dyskinesia, uterine fibroids, Tourette syndrome, essential tremor, classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia, pain, and other neurological and endocrine-related diseases and disorders, and there are
a number of competitors to products in our research pipeline. If one or more of our competitors  products or programs are successful, the market for our products may be reduced or eliminated.  
 Compared to us, many of our competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater:  

capital resources;        

research and development resources, including personnel and technology;        

regulatory experience;        

preclinical study and clinical testing experience;        

manufacturing, marketing and distribution experience; and        

production facilities.    
      32  

Table of Contents  

    If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors could develop and market products
based on our discoveries, which may reduce demand for our products.      Our success will depend on our ability to, among other things:

obtain patent protection for our products;        

preserve our trade secrets;        

prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights; and        

operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others, both in the United States and internationally.    
 Because of the substantial length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development and regulatory approval
processes in order to reach the marketplace, the pharmaceutical industry places considerable importance on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for new technologies, products and processes. Accordingly, we intend to seek patent protection
for our proprietary technology and compounds. However, we face the risk that we may not obtain any of these patents and that the breadth of claims we obtain, if any, may not provide adequate protection of our proprietary technology or compounds.
   We also rely upon unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and
maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality agreements with our commercial collaborators, employees and consultants. We also have invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and
some, but not all, of our commercial collaborators and consultants. However, if our employees, commercial collaborators or consultants breach these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach, and our trade secrets may
otherwise become known or independently discovered by our competitors.    In addition, although we own a number of patents, the issuance of
a patent is not conclusive as to its validity or enforceability, and third parties may challenge the validity or enforceability of our patents. We cannot assure you how much protection, if any, will be given to our patents if we attempt to enforce
them and they are challenged in court or in other proceedings. It is possible that a competitor may successfully challenge our patents or that challenges will result in limitations of their coverage. Moreover, competitors may infringe our patents or
successfully avoid them through design innovation. To prevent infringement or unauthorized use, we may need to file infringement claims, which are expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding a court may decide that a
patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover its technology. Interference proceedings declared by the United States Patent and
Trademark Office may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patent applications or those of our licensors. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and
be a distraction to management. We cannot assure you that we will be able to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the United States.  
   The technologies we use in our research as well as the drug targets we select may infringe the patents or violate the proprietary rights of
third parties.      We cannot assure you that third parties will not assert patent or other intellectual property infringement
claims against us or our collaborators with respect to technologies used in potential products. If a patent infringement suit were brought against us or our collaborators, we or our collaborators could be forced to stop or delay developing,
manufacturing or selling potential products that are claimed to infringe a third party s intellectual property unless that party grants us or our collaborators rights to use its intellectual property. In such cases, we could be required to
obtain licenses to patents or proprietary rights of others in order to continue to commercialize our products. However, we may not be able to obtain any licenses required under any patents or proprietary rights of third parties on acceptable terms,
or at all. Even if our collaborators or we were able to obtain rights to the third party s intellectual property, these rights may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we may be
unable to commercialize some of our potential products or may have to cease some of our business operations as a result of patent infringement claims, which could severely harm our business.  
   Our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper
activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements.      We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or
other misconduct. Misconduct by employees and independent contractors, such as principal investigators, consultants, commercial partners and vendors, could include failures to comply with FDA regulations, to provide accurate information to the FDA,
to comply with manufacturing standards we have established, to comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, to report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales,
marketing and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. Employee and independent contractor misconduct could also involve the
improper use of individually identifiable information, including, without limitation, information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

    Any relationships with healthcare professionals, principal investigators, consultants, customers (actual
and potential) and third-party payors in connection with our current and future business activities are and will continue to be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully
complied, with such laws, we could face penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment or restructuring of our operations.    
 Our business operations and activities may be directly, or indirectly, subject to various federal and state healthcare laws, including without
limitation, fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, data privacy and security laws, as well as transparency laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers. These laws may restrict or prohibit a wide range of
business activities, including, but not limited to, research, manufacturing, distribution, pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. These laws may impact, among
other things, our current activities with principal investigators and research subjects, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs.  
 Such laws include:      

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in
kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid;

the federal false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which impose criminal and civil penalties against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting,
or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;    

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making
false statements relating to healthcare matters;        

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, which also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on certain types of
individuals and entities, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;        

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health
Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, and applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing organizations
to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by the physicians and their immediate family members; and        

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by
non-governmental third party payors, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by
the federal government; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing
the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.    
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible
that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws. If our operations or
activities are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to, without limitation, civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines,
disgorgement, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any
of which could adversely affect our ability to operate.    In addition, any sales of our product candidates once commercialized outside the
United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    We face potential product liability exposure far in excess of our limited insurance coverage.    
 The use of any of our potential products in clinical trials, and the sale of any approved products, may expose us to liability claims. These
claims might be made directly by consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling our products. We have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials in the amount of $10 million per
occurrence and $10 million in the aggregate. However, our insurance may not reimburse us or may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and we may
not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing
approval for product candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. On occasion, juries have awarded large judgments in class action lawsuits
based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would decrease our cash reserves and could cause our stock price to fall.  
   Our activities involve hazardous materials, and we may be liable for any resulting contamination or injuries.    
 Our research activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury
from these materials. If an accident occurs, a court may hold us liable for any resulting damages, which may harm our results of operations and cause us to use a substantial portion of our cash reserves, which would force us to seek additional
financing.      Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and
reputation to suffer.      In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store confidential and sensitive information on our
networks and in our data centers. This information includes, among other things, our intellectual property and proprietary information, the confidential information of our collaborators and licensees, and the personally identifiable information
of our employees. It is important to our operations and business strategy that this information remains secure and is perceived to be secure. Despite security measures, however, our information technology and network infrastructure may be
vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such attack or breach could compromise our networks and data centers and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed,
lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, delays and impediments to our discovery and development
efforts, and damage to our reputation.      

ITEM 5:  
  Other Information       Not applicable.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Description    

3.1 
    
 Certificate of Incorporation(1)  

3.2 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation(1)  

3.3 
    
 Bylaws, as amended(1)  

3.4 
    
 Certificate of Amendment of Bylaws (2)  

4.1 
    
 Form of Common Stock Certificate(3)  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to  Rules 13a-14  and  15d-14  promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to  Rules 13a-14  and  15d-14  promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

32* 
    
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

* 
 These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this quarterly report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.    
 Except as specifically noted above, the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form
8-K have a Commission File Number of  000-22705.   
      36  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC.  
  (Registrant)    

Dated: November 2, 2016 

/ S / T IMOTHY  P. C OUGHLIN    

Timothy P. Coughlin   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Duly authorized officer and Principal Financial Officer)   
 
      37  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d227301dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT   
  TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Kevin C. Gorman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., certify that:  

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)),  for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 2, 2016 

/s/ Kevin C. Gorman   

Kevin C. Gorman  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d227301dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT   
  TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Timothy P. Coughlin, Chief Financial Officer of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., certify that:  

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)),  for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 2, 2016 

/s/ Timothy P. Coughlin   

Timothy P. Coughlin  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d227301dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  CERTIFICATIONS OF      CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER      PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (Report), I, Kevin C. Gorman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 That information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 2, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Kevin C. Gorman   

Name: 
   
 Kevin C. Gorman  

Title: 
   
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
   In connection with the Quarterly Report of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (Company) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (Report), I, Timothy P. Coughlin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 That information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 2, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Timothy P. Coughlin   

Name: 
   
 Timothy P. Coughlin  

Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nbix-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nbix-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nbix-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nbix-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nbix-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nbix-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

