<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_1114925_0001683168-16-000400_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1830258</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52894</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>121034</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>426757</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>733952</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>443407</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000400.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027200316
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000400
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANTRONIX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001114925
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		IRS NUMBER:				330362767
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16027
		FILM NUMBER:		161956723

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7535 IRVINE CENTER DR., SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9494533990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7535 IRVINE CENTER DR., SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000400.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 lantronix_10q-093016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from _________
to ___________.  

Commission file number: 1-16027   

LANTRONIX, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Delaware   
       33-0362767    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   
       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)    

7535 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 100, Irvine,
California   

  (Address of principal executive offices)  

92618  

  (Zip Code)  

(949) 453-3990  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Not
Applicable                       

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x   No
  o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x 
 No   o  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer   o  
       
      Accelerated filer   o   
 
      Non-accelerated filer   o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company   x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o 
 No   x  

As of October 21, 2016,
there were 17,253,799 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

LANTRONIX, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED  

  September 30, 2016  

INDEX  

Page    

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
      3   

PART I.  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      4   

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements   
      4   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  
      4   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      5   

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      6   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      7   

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      13   

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      17   

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      17   

PART II.  
      OTHER INFORMATION  
      19   

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      19   

Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
      19   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      19   

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      19   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     19  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
      19   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      19   

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, or this Report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which
statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the
safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements
of historical fact included in this Report, or incorporated by reference into this Report, are forward-looking statements. Throughout
this Report, we have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as  may,   believe, 
 will,   could,   project,   anticipate,   expect,   estimate, 
 should,   continue,   potential,   plan,   forecasts,   goal, 
 seek,   intend,  other forms of these words or similar words or expressions or the negative thereof. In
particular, this Report contains forward-looking statements relating to, among other things:  

predictions of or assumptions about earnings, revenues, expenses or other financial matters;     

forecasts of our liquidity position, working capital requirements, financial condition, results of operations or available cash resources;    

Our ability to comply with certain financial obligations in our loan agreement;    

The impact of changes to our share-based awards and any future offerings and issuances by us of debt or equity securities;    

the impact of changes in our relationship with customers;    

plans or expectations with respect to our product development activities, business strategies or restructuring and expansion activities;     

demand for our products or for the products of our competitors;     

the impact of pending litigation, including outcomes of such litigation;    

the impact of our response to recent accounting pronouncements on our financial disclosures;    

sufficiency of our internal controls and procedures; and    

assumptions or estimates underlying any of the foregoing.    

We have based our forward-looking statements on management s
current expectations and projections about trends affecting our business and industry and other future events. Although we do not
make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy.
Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our future business, financial condition,
results of operations or performance, to differ materially from our historical results or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking
statement contained in this Report. Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed
or implied in the forward-looking statements are described in  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of this Report, our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, or the Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC, on August 24, 2016, as well as in the other filings we make with the SEC. In addition, actual results may differ as
a result of additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently unaware or which we do not currently view as material
to our business.   

You should read this Report in its entirety,
together with the Form 10-K, the documents that we file as exhibits to this Report and the documents that we incorporate by reference
into this Report, with the understanding that our future results may be materially different from what we currently expect. The
forward-looking statements we make speak only as of the date on which they are made. We expressly disclaim any intent or obligation
to update any forward-looking statements after the date hereof to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our
opinions or expectations, except as required by applicable law or the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. If we do update or
correct any forward-looking statements, investors should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections.  

We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary
statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       
       Financial Statements    

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In thousands,
except per share data) 

(1)  Includes net revenue from related parties 

See accompanying
notes. 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes.  

LANTRONIX, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

1.   
       
       Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

The Company  

Lantronix, Inc. (the  Company,   Lantronix, 
 we,   our,  or  us ) is a global provider of secure data access and management for Internet
of Things ( IoT ) and information technology assets. Our mission is to be the leading provider of IoT gateways that
enable companies to dramatically simplify the creation, deployment, and management of IoT projects while providing secure access
to data for applications and people. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
of Lantronix have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP )
for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on August 24, 2016. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
contain all normal recurring accruals and adjustments that in the opinion of management, are necessary to present fairly the consolidated
financial position of Lantronix at September 30, 2016 and the consolidated results of our operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and our consolidated cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016. All intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated. It should be understood that accounting measurements at interim dates inherently involve greater
reliance on estimates than at year-end. The results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any future interim periods. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued an accounting standard which superseded existing revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The standard is a
comprehensive revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services
to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In doing
so, among other things, companies will generally need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance.
The standard permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In July 2015, FASB deferred the
effective date of the standard by an additional year; however, it provided companies the option to adopt one year earlier, commensurate
with the original effective date. More recently, FASB has issued guidance clarifying certain topics such as (i) gross versus net
revenue reporting, (ii) identifying performance obligations and licensing and (iii) accounting for shipping and handling fees and
costs and accounting for consideration given by a vendor to a customer. The standard will be effective for Lantronix in the fiscal
year beginning July 1, 2018, with an option to adopt the standard for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2017. We are currently
evaluating this standard and have not yet selected a transition method or the effective date on which we plan to adopt the standard,
nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2014, FASB issued an accounting standard which requires
management of an entity to assess, for each annual and interim period, if there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year of the financial statement issuance date. The definition of substantial doubt within
the new standard incorporates a likelihood threshold of  probable  similar to the use of that term under current U.S.
GAAP for loss contingencies. Certain disclosures are required if conditions give rise to substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern. The standard became effective for Lantronix for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2016.
The adoption of this standard has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements and related
disclosures. 

In February 2016, FASB issued an accounting standard that revises
lease accounting guidance. The standard requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets, but recognize expenses on
their income statements in a manner similar to the previous guidance. The standard will be effective for Lantronix in the fiscal
year beginning July 1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, FASB issued accounting guidance that changes
how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. Among other things, under the new guidance
companies will no longer record excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies in additional paid-in-capital
( APIC ), but will instead record such items as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement, and APIC
pools will be eliminated. Companies will apply this guidance prospectively. Another component of the new guidance allows
companies to make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based
payment awards, whereby forfeitures can be estimated, as required historically, or recognized when they occur. If elected,
the change to recognize forfeitures when they occur needs to be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. Lantronix
adopted this guidance early for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2016. In connection with the adoption, we have elected to
recognize the impact of forfeitures on our share-based compensation expense as such forfeitures occur. Accordingly, as of
July 1, 2016, we recorded a cumulative effect adjustment of approximately $6,000 to increase additional paid in-capital and
accumulated deficit. Going forward, we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

2.   
       
       Supplemental Financial Information    

Inventories  

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out)
or net realizable value and consist of the following: 

Other Liabilities  

The following table presents details of our other liabilities: 

Computation of Net Loss per Share  

Basic and diluted net loss per share is calculated by dividing net
loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the applicable period. 

The following table presents the computation
of net loss per share: 

The following table presents the common stock equivalents excluded
from the diluted net loss per share calculation, because they were anti-dilutive for the periods presented. These excluded common
stock equivalents could be dilutive in the future. 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information  

The following table presents non-cash investing and financing transactions
excluded from the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 

3.   
       
       Warranty Reserve    

The standard warranty periods for our products typically range from
one to five years. We establish reserves for estimated product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized based upon our
historical warranty experience, and additionally, for any known product warranty issues. Our warranty obligation is affected by
product failure rates, and the use of materials or service delivery costs that could differ from our estimates. As a result, increases
or decreases to warranty reserves could be required, which could impact our gross margins. 

The following table presents details of our
warranty reserve: 

4.   
       
       Bank Line of Credit    

On September 22, 2016, we entered into an amendment (the  Amendment )
to our existing Loan and Security Agreement dated May 23, 2006 (as amended, the  Loan Agreement ) with Silicon Valley
Bank ( SVB ). The Amendment provides, among other things, for a renewal of our $4.0 million revolving line of credit
based on qualified accounts receivable with an extended maturity date of September 30, 2018. 

The Loan Agreement provides for an interest rate per annum equal
to the greater of the prime rate plus 0.75% or 4.25%, provided that we maintain a monthly quick ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 or greater.
The quick ratio measures our ability to use our cash and cash equivalents maintained at SVB to extinguish or retire our current
liabilities immediately. If this ratio is not met, the interest rate will become the greater of the prime rate plus 1.25% or 4.25%.
At September 30, 2016, we met the 1.0 to 1.0 or greater quick ratio. 

The Loan Agreement includes a covenant requiring us to maintain
a certain Minimum Tangible Net Worth ( Minimum TNW ), currently required to be at least $6.0 million. The Minimum TNW
is subject to adjustment upward to the extent we raise additional equity or debt financing or achieve net income in future quarters.
Our Actual Tangible Net Worth ( Actual TNW ) is calculated as total stockholders  equity, less goodwill. If we
continue to incur net losses, we may have difficulty satisfying the Minimum TNW financial covenant in the future, in which case
we may be unable to borrow funds under the Loan Agreement and any amounts outstanding may need to be repaid immediately. 

The following table presents the Minimum TNW
compared to our Actual TNW: 

The following table presents certain information with respect to
the Loan Agreement with SVB: 

Our outstanding letters of credit were used as security deposits. 

5.   
       
       Stockholders  Equity    

Stock Incentive Plans   

Our stock incentive plans permit the granting of stock options (both
incentive and nonqualified stock options), restricted stock units ( RSUs ), stock appreciation rights, non-vested stock,
and performance shares to certain employees, directors and consultants. As of September 30, 2016, no stock appreciation rights,
non-vested stock, or performance shares were outstanding. 

Stock Options   

The following table presents a summary of activity during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 with respect to our stock options: 

Restricted Stock Units   

The following table presents a summary of activity during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 with respect to our RSUs: 

Employee Stock Purchase
Plan   

Our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  ESPP ) is
intended to provide employees with an opportunity to purchase our common stock through accumulated payroll deductions at the end
of a specified purchase period. Each of our employees (including officers) is eligible to participate in the ESPP, subject to certain
limitations as set forth in the ESPP. 

The following table presents a summary of activity under our ESPP
during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

Share-Based Compensation Expense  

The following table presents a summary of share-based compensation
expense included in each functional line item on our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations: 

The following table presents the remaining unrecognized share-based
compensation expense related to our outstanding share-based awards as of September 30, 2016: 

Remaining    
     Remaining  

Unrecognized    
     Weighted-  

Compensation    
     Average Years  

Expense    
     To Recognize  

(In thousands)    

Stock options    
     $  1,409       
        3.4     
 
     Restricted stock units    
        414       
        2.3     
 
     Stock purchase rights under ESPP    
        155       
        1.4     

If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying
unvested share-based awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel remaining unearned share-based compensation expense.
Future share-based compensation expense and unearned share-based compensation will increase to the extent that we grant additional
share-based awards. 

6.   
       
       Income Taxes    

We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes.
The following table presents our effective tax rates based upon our provision for income taxes for the periods shown: 

The difference between our effective tax rates in the periods presented
above and the federal statutory rate is primarily due to a tax benefit from our domestic losses being recorded with a full valuation
allowance, as well as the effect of foreign earnings taxed at rates differing from the federal statutory rate. 

We record net deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe
these assets will more likely than not be realized. As a result of our cumulative losses and uncertainty of generating future taxable
income, we have provided a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

7.   
       
       Commitments and Contingencies    

From time to time, we are involved in various
legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results of legal proceedings and claims
cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. However,
regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management time and
resources, and other factors.  

Item 2.   
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction
with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, the
 Risk Factors  included in Part II, Item 1A of this Report and in the Form 10-K, as well as the Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward Looking Statements described elsewhere in this Report, before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock.   

Overview  

Lantronix, Inc., which we refer to herein as the Company, Lantronix,
we, our, or us, is a global provider of secure data access and management solutions for Internet of Things, or IoT, and information
technology, or IT, assets. Our mission is to be the leading supplier of IoT gateways that enable companies to dramatically simplify
the creation, deployment, and management of IoT projects while providing secure access to data for applications and people. 

We conduct our business globally and manage our sales teams by three
geographic regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa, or EMEA; and Asia Pacific Japan, or APJ. 

Products and Solutions Overview  

We organize our products and solutions into
three product lines: IoT, IT Management and Other.  

IoT   

Our IoT products typically connect to one or more existing machines,
provide network connectivity and are designed to enhance the value and utility of machines by making the data from the machines
available to users, systems and processes or by controlling their properties and features over available networks. 

Our IoT products currently consist of IoT Gateways and IoT Building
Blocks. IoT Gateways are designed to provide secure connectivity and the ability to add integrated device management and advanced
data access features. IoT Building Blocks provide basic secure machine connectivity and unmanaged data access. 

The following product families are included in our IoT product line:
EDS, EDS-MD, PremiereWave product families, UDS, WiPort , xDirect , xPico , xPico  Wi-Fi, xPress   and
xPort , 

IT Management   

Our IT Management product line includes console management, power
management, and keyboard video mouse products that provide remote out-of-band management access to IT and networking infrastructure
deployed in test labs, data centers and server rooms. 

The following product families are included in our IT Management
product line: SLB , SLC  8000 and Spider . In addition, our IT Management product line includes vSLM, a virtualized
central management solution that simplifies secure administration of enterprise IT out-of-band devices and attached equipment through
a standard web browser. vSLM is designed to operate with both our IT Management products and certain other manufacturers 
IT infrastructure equipment. 

Other   

We categorize products that are non-focus or
end-of-life as Other. Our Other product line includes non-focus products such as the xPrintServer , xSenso , and
WiBox. In addition, our Other product line includes end-of-life versions of our MatchPort , SLC , SLP , and
xPress Pro product families. 

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Refer to  Note 1  of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements, included in Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated herein for reference, for a discussion of recent
accounting pronouncements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The accounting policies that have the greatest impact on our financial
condition and results of operations and that require the most judgment are those relating to revenue recognition, warranty reserves,
allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuation, valuation of deferred income taxes, and goodwill. These policies are described
in further detail in the Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to what was previously disclosed in the Form 10-K. 

Results of Operations   Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Summary    

In the three months ended September 30, 2016 our net revenue
increased by $367,000, or 3.5%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net revenue was
primarily due to sales growth in our IT Management product line, which was partially offset by a decrease in net revenue in
our Other product line. Our net loss was $104,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net loss of
$331,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2015 principally as a result of a 12.5% increase in gross profit, partially
offset by increased operating expense of approximately 7.2%. 

Net Revenue    

The following tables present our fiscal quarter
net revenue by product line and geographic region, respectively: 

IoT   

Net revenue from our IoT product line for was consistent between
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

IT Management  

Net revenue from our IT Management product line for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to growth in our SLC 8000
product family, largely in the Americas region, and to a lesser extent, the EMEA and APJ regions. 

Other  

As expected, our Other products, which are comprised of non-focus
and end-of-life product families, continued to decline. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit represents net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of
revenue consists primarily of the cost of raw material components, subcontract labor assembly from contract manufacturers, manufacturing
overhead, establishing or relieving inventory reserves for excess and obsolete products or raw materials, warranty costs, royalties
and share-based compensation. 

The following table presents our fiscal quarter
gross profit: 

Gross profit as a percent of revenue (referred
to as  gross margin ) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 improved compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015 primarily due to lower overhead costs and a reduction in charges for excess inventories. Additionally, we benefited from
improved product mix as some of our higher margin products, such as the SLC 8000, contributed to a larger portion of our net revenue. 

Selling, General and Administrative   

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of personnel-related
expenses, including salaries and commissions, share-based compensation, facility expenses, information technology, trade show expenses,
advertising, and legal and accounting fees.  

The following table presents our fiscal quarter
selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Overall, selling, general and administrative expenses increased
slightly primarily due to higher headcount-related expenses, primarily related to variable compensation. This was partially offset
by a decrease in advertising and marketing expenses, primarily from lower expenditures for outside marketing programs and trade
shows in connection with our efforts over the last several quarters to focus our marketing activities. 

Research and Development   

Research and development expenses consist of personnel-related expenses,
including share-based compensation, as well as expenditures to third-party vendors for research and development activities and
product certification costs. Our quarterly costs related to outside services and product certifications vary from period to period
depending on our level of development activities. 

The following table presents our fiscal quarter research and development
expenses: 

Research and development expenses increased primarily due to higher
personnel-related expenses, including variable compensation.  

In July 2016, we announced the launch of our new subsidiary and
IoT software lab in India, which is intended to strengthen our product development efforts. We plan to continue to expand our team
in India, and we expect to redirect our spending on outside services for engineering resources to fund a significant portion of
this expansion. 

Provision for Income Taxes  

The following table presents our effective tax rate based upon our
provision for income taxes: 

We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes.
The difference between our effective tax rates and the federal statutory rate resulted primarily from a tax benefit from our domestic
losses being recorded with a full valuation allowance, as well as the effect of foreign earnings taxed at rates differing from
the federal statutory rate. 

We record net deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe
these assets will more likely than not be realized. As a result of our cumulative losses and uncertainty of generating future taxable
income, we have provided a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The following table presents details of our working capital and
cash and cash equivalents: 

Our principal sources of cash and liquidity include our existing
cash and cash equivalents, borrowings available under our loan agreement, and cash generated from operations. We believe that these
sources will be sufficient to fund our current requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and other financial commitments
for at least the next 12 months. We anticipate that the primary factors affecting our cash and liquidity are net revenue and working
capital requirements. 

Management defines cash and cash equivalents as highly liquid deposits
with original maturities of 90 days or less when purchased. We maintain cash and cash equivalents balances at certain financial
institutions in excess of amounts insured by federal agencies. Management does not believe this concentration subjects us to any
unusual financial risk beyond the normal risk associated with commercial banking relationships. We frequently monitor the third-party
depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents. Our investment policy primarily emphasizes safety of principal
and secondarily emphasizes maximizing yield. 

Our future working capital requirements will depend on many factors,
including the timing and amount of our net revenue, any future restructuring or cost-cutting measures that we may implement from
time to time, research and development expenses, expenses associated with any strategic partnerships or acquisitions, infrastructure
investments and fundraising activities. 

From time to time, we may seek additional capital from public or
private offerings of our capital stock, borrowings under our existing or future credit lines or other sources in order to (i) develop
or enhance our products, (ii) take advantage of strategic opportunities, (iii) respond to competition or (iv) continue to operate
our business. We currently have a Form S-3 shelf registration statement on file with the SEC. If we issue equity securities to
raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences
and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we issue debt securities to raise additional funds, we may incur
debt service obligations, we may become subject to restrictions limiting or restricting our ability to operate our business and
we may be required to encumber all or a portion of our assets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any such
capital on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

Loan Agreement   

Refer to  Note 4  of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated herein for reference, for a discussion of
our loan agreement. 

Cash Flows   

The following table presents the major components
of the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 

Operating Activities  

Net cash provided by operating activities during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 increased as compared to cash used by operating activities during the three months ended September 30,
2015 primarily due to a lower net loss. 

Inventories increased approximately $806,000, or 12.2%, as compared
to June 30, 2016 as we (i) began an effort to increase stock in certain products and (ii) experienced an increase in inventory
held by certain distributors. The impact of the increase in inventories on operating cash flows was partially offset by an increase
in other liabilities and accounts payable primarily related to the increase in inventories. 

Investing Activities  

Net cash used in investing activities was related to capital expenditures
for the purchase of property and equipment, primarily related to tooling and test equipment, as well as acquisitions of hardware
and equipment related to our new software lab in India. 

Financing Activities  

Net cash used in financing activities during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 related to payments for capital leases. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As part of our ongoing business, we have not participated in transactions
that generate material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to
as structured finance or special purpose entities, or SPEs, which may be established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance
sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of September 30, 2016, we were not involved in any material
relationships with unconsolidated SPEs.  

Item 3.   
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the
information required by this Item 3. 

Item 4.   
       
       Controls and Procedures    

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based
upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 at the reasonable assurance level. 

(b) Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act that occurred during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

(c) Inherent Limitation on Effectiveness of Controls  

A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due
to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       
       Legal Proceedings    

From time
to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results
of legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these ordinary
course matters will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial
condition or cash flows. However, regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs,
diversion of management time and resources, and other factors.      

Item 1A.   
       
       Risk Factors    

An investment in our common stock involves risks. Before making
an investment decision, you should carefully consider all of the information in this Report, including in the section entitled
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and the financial statements
and related notes. In addition, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in the section entitled  Risk
Factors  in the Form 10-K, as well as in our other public filings with the SEC. If any of the identified risks are realized,
our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the
trading price of our common stock may decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. In addition, other risks of which
we are currently unaware, or which we do not currently view as material, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Item 2.   
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

None. 

Item 3.   
       
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None. 

Item 4.   
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       
       Other Information    

None. 

Item 6.   
       
       Exhibits    

See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of
this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LANTRONIX, INC.    

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ JEFFREY BENCK   

Jeffrey Benck   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ JEREMY WHITAKER   

Jeremy Whitaker   
  Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Exhibit Index  

_________________ 

*    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement 

**    Furnished, not filed. 

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lantronix_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Jeffrey Benck, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lantronix, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   
       October 28, 2016  
      /s/ JEFFREY BENCK   

Jeffrey Benck 
         President and Chief Executive Officer 
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lantronix_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Jeremy Whitaker, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lantronix, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   
       October 28, 2016  
      /s/ JEREMY WHITAKER   

Jeremy Whitaker 
         Chief Financial Officer 
          (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lantronix_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

The following certifications are being furnished
solely to accompany the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report )
pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, and pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-8238 are being  furnished  to the SEC rather than
 filed  either as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure statement, and are not to be incorporated by reference
into the Report or any other filing of Lantronix, Inc. (the  Company ), whether made before or after the date hereof,
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. The following certifications shall not be deemed  filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that section. 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s
knowledge, that: 

(i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in
such Report. 

Date:   
       October 28, 2016  
      By:   
       /s/ JEFFREY BENCK    

Name: Jeffrey Benck 
         Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s
knowledge, that: 

(i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in
such Report. 

Date:   
       October 28, 2016  
      By:   
       /s/ JEREMY WHITAKER    

Name: Jeremy Whitaker 
         Title: Chief Financial Officer 
          (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ltrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ltrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ltrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ltrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ltrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ltrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

