<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_944130_0000944130-16-000080_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14624325</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>153452</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>459815</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4987385</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5611087</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2382027</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000944130-16-000080.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114124339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000944130-16-000080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				263959348
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-04028-LA
		FILM NUMBER:		161992860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		915 WEST IMPERIAL HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(714) 671-5720

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		915 WEST IMPERIAL HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960506

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000944130-16-000080.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 c130-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q_Taxonomy2016

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

333-4028la 

(Commission file No.) 

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

CALIFORNIA  
					 
						 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization   

26-3959348  
					 
						  (I.R.S. employer identification no.)  

915 West Imperial Highway, Brea, Suite 120, California, 92821 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(714) 671-5720 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No        . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No           

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer.  See the definitions of   accelerated filer,  large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company filer      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes        No        . 

At   September 30, 2016  , registrant had issued and outstanding   146,522   units of its Class A common units.  The information contained in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC 

FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

2   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Financial Statements 

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND   DECEMBER 31, 2015 

(Dollars in Thousands Except Unit Data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-    3   

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF   INCOME   (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE   THREE AND   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND 2015 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-    4   

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   and 2015    

(Dollars in Thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-    5   

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The accounting and financial reporting policies of MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC (the    Company   ,    we   , or    our   ) and   its   wholly-owned subsidiaries, Ministry Partners Funding, LLC, MP Realty Services, Inc., and Ministry Partners Securities, LLC, conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and general financial industry practices.  The accompanying interim consolidated financial statements have not been audited.  A more detailed description of   the Company s   accounting policies is included in   its   201  5   annual report filed on Form 10-K.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows at   September 30, 2016   and for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and 2015   have been made. 

Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted. The results of operations for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015   are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. 

1.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Nature of Business 

Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC (the    Company   ) was incorporated in California in 1991 as a C corporation and converted to a limited liability company (   LLC )   on December 31, 2008.  The Company is owned by a group of   11   federal and state chartered credit unions, as well as the Asset Management Assistance Center of the National Credit Union Administration (   NCUA ),   none of which owns a majority of the voting equity units of the Company.  The Asset Management Assistance Center owns only Series A Preferred Units, while the Company s credit union equity holders own both its Class A Common Units and Series A Preferred Units.  Offices of the Company are located in Brea, California.  The Company provides funds for real property secured loans for the benefit of evangelical churches and church organizations.  The Company originates church and ministry loans independently through its loan underwriting and servicing departments. The Company finances its operations primarily through the sale of debt and equity securities and through other borrowings.  When the Company was formed, substantially all of its loans were purchased from its largest equity investor, the Evangelical Christian Credit Union (   ECCU   ), of Brea, California. The Company has also purchased loans from other credit unions in the past. Nearly all of the Company s business and operations currently are conducted in California and its mortgage loan investments cover approximately   30   states, with the largest number of loans made to California borrowers. 

In 2007 the Company created a wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary, Ministry Partners Funding, LLC (   MPF   ), to purchase qualifying mortgage loans through a special purpose entity.  Although MPF became a dormant entity on November 30, 2009 when the financing vehicle was terminated, in December 2014, the Company reactivated MPF to hold loans used as collateral for its Secured Notes for the benefit of the holders of such notes. 

On November 13, 2009, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, MP Realty Services, Inc., a California corporation (   MP Realty   ).  MP Realty was formed to provide loan brokerage and other real estate services to churches and ministries in connection with the Company s mortgage financing activities. On February 23, 2010, the California Department of Real Estate issued MP Realty a license to operate as a corporate real estate broker. MP Realty has conducted limited operations since its inception. 

On April 26, 2010, the Company formed Ministry Partners Securities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   MP Securities   ). MP Securities was formed to provide financial services for individuals, churches, charitable institutions and faith-based organizations, as well as to act as a selling agent for securities offered by such entities. Effective as of July 14, 2010, MP Securities was qualified to transact business in the State of California.  On March 2, 2011, MP Securities  application for membership in the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) was approved.  Since 2011, MP Securities has received approval to act as a Resident Insurance Producer d/b/a Ministry Partners Insurance Agency, on a fully disclosed basis with a clearing firm, and to provide registered investment advisory services.  MP Securities also acts as the selling agent for the Company s various note offerings in addition to offering a broad scope of investment services.   

F-    6   

Conversion to LLC 

Effective December 31, 2008, the Company converted its form of organization from a corporation organized under California law to a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of California.  With the filing of Articles of Organization-Conversion with the California Secretary of State, the separate existence of Ministry Partners Investment Corporation ceased and the entity continued by operation of law under the name Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC. 

By operation of law, the converted entity continued with all of the rights, privileges and powers of the corporate entity and is managed by a group of managers that previously served as the Board of Directors.  The executive officers and key management team remained intact.  The converted entity by operation of law possessed all of the properties and assets of the converted corporation and remains responsible for all of the notes, debts, contract claims and obligations of the converted corporation. 

Since the conversion became effective, the Company has been managed by a group of managers that provides oversight and carries out their duties similar to the role and function that the Board of Directors performed when the Company was organized and governed as a corporate entity.  Operating like a Board of Directors, the managers have full, exclusive and complete discretion, power and authority to oversee the management of the Company s affairs.  Instead of Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, management and governance procedures are now set forth in an Operating Agreement that has been entered into by and between the Company s managers and members. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, MPF, MP Realty and MP Securities.  All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to, but are not limited to, the determination of the allowance for loan losses and the valuation of foreclosed real estate. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

For purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash equivalents include time deposits, certificates of deposit, and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less.  The Company had   no   cash positions other than demand deposits as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

A portion of the the Company s cash held at credit unions is insured by the National Credit Union Insurance Fund, while a portion of cash held at other financial institutions is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (   FDIC   ).  The Company maintains cash that may exceed insured limits.  The Company does not expect to incur losses in its cash accounts. 

Investments 

In December 2015, the Company finalized an agreement with Intertex Property Management, Inc., a California corporation to enter into a joint venture to form Tesoro Hills, LLC (the    Valencia Hills Project   ), a company that will develop and market property formerly classified by the Company as a foreclosed asset.  In January 2016, the Company transferred ownership in the foreclosed asset to the Valencia Hills Project as part of the agreement and transferred the carrying value of the property from foreclosed assets to investments.  The Company s initial investment in the joint venture was   $900   thousand, which was equal to its carrying value in the foreclosed asset at December 31, 2015.  The Company s investment in the joint venture is analyzed for impairment by management on  

F-    7   

a periodic basis.  Any impairment charges will be recorded as a valuation allowance against the value of the asset.  Management concluded that the investment in the joint venture was not impaired as of September 30, 2016.  Income and expenses of the joint venture will increase or decrease the Company s investment and will be recorded on the income statement as realized gains or losses on investment. 

Loans Receivable 

Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balance adjusted for an allowance for loan losses, deferred loan fees and costs, and loan discounts. Interest income on loans is accrued on a daily basis using the interest method. Loan origination fees and costs are deferred and recognized as an adjustment to the related loan yield using the straight-line method, which results in an amortization that is materially the same as the interest method.  Loan discounts represent an offset against interest accrued and unpaid which has been added to loans that have been restructured.  Loan discounts are accreted to interest income over the term of the loan using the interest method once the loan is no longer considered impaired and is no longer in its restructure period.  Loan discounts may also represent the difference between the purchase price of a loan and the outstanding principal balance of the loan.  These discounts are accreted to interest income over the term of the loan using the interest method. 

The accrual of interest is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due.  Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 

All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on nonaccrual or charged off are reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The Company sets aside an allowance or reserve for loan losses through charges to earnings, which are shown in is Consolidated Statements of Income as a provision for loan losses.  Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of general and specific components. The general component covers non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors.  In establishing the allowance for loan losses, management considers significant factors that affect the collectability of the Company s loan portfolio. While historical loss experience provides a reasonable starting point for the analysis, such experience by itself does not form a sufficient basis to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. Management also considers qualitative (or environmental) factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses associated with the Company s existing portfolio to differ from historical loss experience, including: 

Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection;     

Changes in national, regional and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio;     

Changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of nonaccrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified loans;     

Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans; and     

The effect of credit concentrations.     

F-    8   

These factors are adjusted on an on-going basis. The specific component of the Company s allowance for loan losses relates to loans that are classified as impaired.  For such loans, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. 

All loans in the loan portfolio are subject to impairment analysis.  The Company reviews its loan portfolio monthly by examining delinquency reports and information related to the financial condition of its borrowers and collateral value of its loans.  Through this process, the Company identifies potential impaired loans.  A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting future scheduled principal and interest payments when due.  Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.  Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower's prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.  A loan is generally deemed to be impaired when it is 90 days or more past due, or earlier when facts and circumstances indicate that it is probable that a borrower will be unable to make payments in accordance with the loan contract.   

Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent.  When the Company modifies the terms of a loan for a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulties, a troubled debt restructuring is deemed to have occurred and the loan is classified as impaired.  Loans or portions thereof are charged off when they are determined by management to be uncollectible.  Uncollectability is evaluated periodically on all loans classified as  Loans of Lesser Quality.   As the Company has an established practice of working to explore every possible means of repayment with its borrowers, it has historically not charged off a loan until just prior to the completion of the foreclosure process.  Among other variables, management will consider factors such as the financial condition of the borrower, and the value of the underlying collateral in assessing uncollectability.     

Troubled Debt Restructurings 

A troubled debt restructuring is a loan for which the Company, for reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to a borrower that it would not otherwise consider.   From time to time, the Company has restructured a mortgage loan in light of the     borrower's     circumstances and capabilities. The Company reviews each of these cases on an individual basis and approves a restructure based on the guidance stipulated in its collections policy.   If the Company decides to accept a     loan restructure, it generally will not forgive or reduce the principal amount owed on the loan;     in addition, the typical maturity term for a restructured loan does not exceed   five   years.    A restructuring of a loan usually involves an interest rate modification, extension of the maturity date, or reduction of accrued interest owed on the loan on a contingent or absolute basis.   

W  hen the Company receives a request for a modification or restructure, it evaluates the strength of the borrower s financial condition, leadership of the pastoral team and board, developments that have impacted the church and its leadership team, local economic conditions, the value of the underlying collateral, the borrower s commitment to sound budgeting and financial controls, whether there is a denominational guaranty of any portion of the indebtedness, debt service coverage for the borrower, availability of other collateral and any other relevant factors unique to the borrower.  While the Company has no written policy that establishes criteria for when a request for restructuring a loan will be approved, its Credit Review Committee reviews each request, solicits written reports and recommendations from management and summaries of the requests and actions taken by the Credit Review Committee are presented to the Company s managers for their review at meetings that occur at least quarterly throughout the year. 

Loans that are renewed at below-market terms are considered to be troubled debt restructurings if the below-market terms represent a concession due to the borrower s troubled financial condition. Troubled debt restructurings are  

F-    9   

classified as impaired loans and are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan's effective rate at inception of the loan. The change in the present value of cash flows attributable to the passage of time is reported as interest income.  If the loan is considered to be collateral dependent, impairment is measured based on the fair value of the collateral. 

In the recovering U.S. economic market, loan restructures often produce a better outcome for the Company s loan portfolio than a foreclosure action. Given the Company s specialized knowledge and experience working with churches and ministries, entering into a loan modification often enables its borrowers to keep their ministries intact and avoid foreclosure.  With a successful loan restructure, the Company avoids a loan charge-off and protects the interests of the investors and borrowers it serves. 

Loan Portfolio Segments and Classes 

Management segregates the loan portfolio into portfolio segments for purposes of evaluating the allowance for loan losses. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which the Company develops and documents a systematic method for determining its allowance for loan losses. The portfolio segments are segregated based on loan types and the underlying risk factors present in each loan type. Such risk factors are periodically reviewed by management and revised as deemed appropriate.   

The Company s loan portfolio consists of   one   segment   church loans. The loan portfolio is segregated into the following portfolio classes: 

Wholly-Owned First Collateral Position.   This portfolio class consists of the wholly-owned loans for which the Company possesses a senior lien on the collateral underlying the loan. 

Wholly-Owned Junior Collateral Position.   This portfolio class consists of the wholly-owned loans for which the Company possesses a lien on the underlying collateral that is superseded by another lien on the same collateral.  This class also contains any loans that are not secured. These loans present higher credit risk than loans for which the Company possesses a senior lien due to the increased risk of loss should the loan default.   

Participations First Collateral Position.   This portfolio class consists of the participated loans for which the Company possesses a senior lien on the collateral underlying the loan. Loan participations present higher credit risk than wholly-owned loans because the Company does not maintain full control over the disposition and direction of actions regarding the management and collection of the loans.  The lead lender directs most servicing and collection activities and major actions must be coordinated and negotiated with the other participants, whose best interests regarding the loan may not align with those of the Company. 

Participations Junior Collateral Position.   This portfolio class consists of the participated loans for which the Company possesses a lien on the underlying collateral that is superseded by another lien on the same collateral.  Loan participations in the junior collateral position loans have higher credit risk than wholly-owned loans and participated loans where the Company possesses a senior lien on the collateral.  The increased risk is the result of the factors presented above relating to both junior lien positions and participations. 

Credit Quality Indicators 

The Company s policies provide for the classification of loans that are considered to be of lesser quality as watch, substandard, doubtful, or loss assets. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those assets characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, based on currently existing facts, conditions and values. Assets (or portions of assets) classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets is not warranted. Assets that do not expose the Company to risk sufficient to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories, but which possess potential weaknesses that deserve close attention, are designated as watch. 

F-    10   

The Company has established a standard loan grading system to assist management and review personnel in their analysis and supervision of the loan portfolio.  The loan grading system is as follows: 

Pass: The borrower generates sufficient cash flow to fund debt services.  The borrower may be able to obtain similar financing from other lenders with comparable terms.  The risk of default is considered low. 

Watch: These loans exhibit potential or developing weaknesses that deserve extra attention from credit management personnel. If the developing weakness is not corrected or mitigated, there may be deterioration in the ability of the borrower to repay the debt in the future.  Loans graded Watch must be reported to executive management and the Board of Managers.  Potential for loss under adverse circumstances is elevated, but not foreseeable. 

Special Mention: These credit facilities exhibit potential or actual weaknesses that present a higher potential for loss under adverse circumstances, and deserve management s close attention.  If uncorrected, these weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan at some future date. 

Substandard: Loans and other credit extensions bearing this grade are considered to be inadequately protected by the current sound worth and debt service capacity of the borrower or of any pledged collateral. These obligations, even if apparently protected by collateral value, have well-defined weaknesses related to adverse financial, managerial, economic, ministry, or environmental conditions which have clearly jeopardized repayment of principal and interest as originally intended. Furthermore, there is the possibility that some future loss will be sustained if such weaknesses are not corrected. 

Doubtful: This classification consists of loans that display the properties of substandard loans with the added characteristic that the severity of the weaknesses makes collection or liquidation in full highly questionable or improbable based upon currently existing facts, conditions, and values. The probability of some loss is very high, but because of certain important and reasonably specific factors, the amount of loss cannot be exactly determined. Such pending factors could include merger or liquidation, additional capital injection, refinancing plans, or perfection of liens on additional collateral. 

Loss: Loans in this classification are considered uncollectible and cannot be justified as a viable asset. This classification does not mean the loan has absolutely no recovery value, but that it is neither practical nor desirable to defer writing off this loan even though partial recovery may be obtained in the future. 

Foreclosed Assets 

Assets acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings are initially recorded at fair value at the date of foreclosure less estimated costs of disposal, which establishes a new cost.  If the value of a foreclosed asset, less selling costs, is less than the loan balance on a foreclosed loan, the deficiency is charged against the allowance for loan losses.  After foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and foreclosed assets held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs of disposal.  If the fair value, less costs to sell, of the foreclosed property decreases after the property becomes a real estate owned asset or    REO   , a valuation allowance is established with a charge to foreclosed property expenses taken.  The Company s real estate assets acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings are evaluated regularly to ensure that the recorded amount is supported by its current fair value and that valuation allowances to reduce the varying amount to fair value less estimated costs of disposal are recorded as necessary.  Revenue and expense from the operation of the Company s foreclosed assets and changes in the valuation allowance are included in net expenses from foreclosed assets.  When the foreclosed property is sold, a gain or loss is recognized on the sale for the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the property. 

Transfers of Financial Assets 

Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to have been surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. 

F-    11   

From time to time, the Company sells participation interests in mortgage loans it has originated or acquired. In order to recognize the transfer of a portion of a financial asset as a sale, the transferred portion and any portion that continues to be held by the transferor must represent a participating interest and the transfer of the participating interest must meet the conditions for surrender of control. To qualify as a participating interest (i) each portion of a financial asset must represent a proportionate ownership interest in an entire financial asset, (ii) from the date of transfer, all cash flows received from the entire financial asset must be divided proportionately among the participating interest holders in an amount equal to their share of ownership, (iii) the transfer must be made on a non-recourse basis (other than standard representations and warranties made under the loan participation sale agreement) to, or subordination by, any participating interest holder, and (iv) no party has the right to pledge or exchange the entire financial asset. If the participating interest or surrender of control criteria is not met, the transaction is accounted for as a secured borrowing arrangement. 

Under some circumstances, when the Company sells participations in a wholly-owned loan receivable that it services, it retains a servicing asset that is initially measured at fair value.  As quoted market prices are generally not available for these assets, the Company estimates fair value based on the present value of future expected cash flows associated with the loan receivable.  The Company amortizes servicing assets over the life of the associated receivable using the interest method.  Any gain or loss recognized on the sale of loans receivable depends in part on both the previous carrying amount of the financial assets involved in the sale, allocated between the assets sold and the interests that continue to be held by the Company based on their relative fair value at the date of transfer and the proceeds received. 

Property and Equipment 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from   three   to   seven   years. 

Debt Issuance Costs 

Debt issuance costs are related to borrowings from financial institutions and offerings of debt securities and are amortized into expense over the contractual terms of the debt or the life of the offering, respectively. 

Income Taxes 

The Company has elected to be treated as a partnership for income tax purposes.  Therefore, its income and expenses are passed through to its members for tax reporting purposes. 

The Company uses a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the consolidated financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken in a tax return. Benefits from tax positions are recognized in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority that would have full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. 

Employee Benefit Plan 

Contributions to the qualified employee retirement plan are recorded as compensation cost in the period incurred. 

F-    12   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In January 2016, Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial assets on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements and clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. ASU 2016-01 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its statement of financial position or financial statement disclosures. 

ASU 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   provides a robust framework for addressing revenue recognition issues and, upon its effective date, replaces almost all existing revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance, in current U.S. GAAP. The revenue recognition policies of almost all entities will be affected by the new guidance in the ASU. For public business entities, the guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2014-09 will have on its statement of financial position or financial statement disclosures. 

ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   provides guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2014-15 will have on its statement of financial position or financial statement disclosures. 

ASU 2016-07,   Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting     simplifies the accounting for entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence in the investment.  This ASU eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in ownership interest or degree of influence, the investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis.  The cost of acquiring the additional interest is added to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-07 will have on its statement of financial position or financial statement disclosures.     ASU 2016-07 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  . The amendment changes the accounting treatment of leases, in that lessees will recognize most leases on-balance sheet. This will increase reported assets and liabilities, as lessees will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset along with a lease liability, measured on a discounted basis. Lessees are allowed to account for short-term leases (those with a term of twelve months or less) off-balance sheet. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The standard requires the use of the modified retrospective transition method. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-    13   

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . This update replaces the current incurred loss methodology for recognizing credit losses with a current expected credit loss model, which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This amendment broadens the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimates. Additionally, the update amends the accounting for credit losses for available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with a more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination. This update requires enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of a company s loan portfolio. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 is permitted. The amendment requires the use of the modified retrospective approach for adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2.    Pledge of Cash 

Occasionally,   the Company   will pledge cash as collateral for   its   borrowings or   its   Secured Notes. This cash is considered restricted cash.  At December 31, 2015,   $686   thousand was pledged as collateral for the NCUA credit facility.    The   Company   had      less than   $1   thousand in    c  ash pledged   as collateral for   its     Secured Notes   at   September 30, 2016   and at December 31, 2015  . 

3.    Related Party Transactions 

The Company   maintain  s   some of   its   cash funds at ECCU,   its   largest equity investor. Total funds held with ECCU were   $2.2   million and   $163   thousand at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. Interest earned on funds held with ECCU totaled   $14.0   thousand and   $12.5   thousand for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  

The Company   lease  s   physical facilities and purchase other services from ECCU pursuant to a written lease and services agreement. Charges of   79.7   thousand and   $86.7   thousand for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, were incurred for these services and are included in office operations expense. The method used to arrive at the periodic charge is based on the fair market value of services provided.    The Company   believe  s   that this method is reasonable. 

In the past  ,    the Company has   purchased mortgage loans, including loan participation interests from ECCU,   its   largest equity owner.  During the   nine month periods   ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015,   the Company   did   not   purchase any loans from ECCU.  With regard to loans purchased from ECCU in prior years,   the Company   recognized   $451.9   thousand and   $1.2   million   of interest income during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  ECCU currently acts as the servicer for   nine   of the   156   loans held in   the Company s   loan portfolio.  Under the terms of the loan servicing agreement   the Company   entered into with ECCU, a servicing fee of   65   basis points is deducted from the interest payments   it   receive  s   on wholly-owned loans ECCU services on   its   behalf.  In lieu of a servicing fee, loan participations   the Company   purchase  s   from ECCU generally have pass-through rates which are up to   75   basis points lower than the loan s contractual rate.    The Company   negotiate  s   the pass-through interest rates with ECCU on a loan by loan basis.  At   September 30, 2016  ,    the Company s   investment in wholly-owned loans serviced by ECCU totaled   $907   thousand, while   its   investment in loan participations serviced by ECCU totaled   $10.3   million.  From time to time,   the Company   pay  s   fees for additional services ECCU provides for servicing these loans.    The Company   paid fewer than   one   thousand dollars of such fees during the   nine month periods ended September 30, 2016   and 2015. 

On October 6, 2014, MP Securities,   the Company s   wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a Networking Agreement with ECCU pursuant to which MP Securities will assign one or more registered sales representatives to one or more locations designated by ECCU and offer investment products, investment advisory services, insurance products, annuities and mutual fund investments to ECCU s members. MP Securities has agreed to offer only those investment products and services that have been approved by ECCU or its Board of Directors and comply with applicable investor suitability standards required by federal and state securities laws and regulations. MP Securities offers these products and services to ECCU members in accordance with NCUA rules and regulations and in  

F-    14   

compliance with its membership agreement with FINRA. MP Securities has agreed to compensate ECCU for permitting it to use the designated location to offer such products and services to ECCU s members under an arrangement that will entitle ECCU to be paid a percentage of total revenue received by MP Securities from transactions conducted for or on behalf of ECCU members.  The Networking Agreement may be terminated by either ECCU or MP Securities without cause upon   thirty   days prior written notice.  MP Securities paid   $65   thousand and   $10   thousand to ECCU under the terms of this agreement during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 

On Apri  l 8, 2016, the Company and ECCU   entered into a Master Services Agreement (the  Services Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will provide marketing, member and client services, operational and reporting services to ECCU commencing on the effective date of the Services Agreement and ending on December 31, 2016; provided, however, that unless either party provides at least   thirty   (30) days written notice to the other party prior to its expiration, the agreement will automatically renew for successive   one   year periods.  Either party may terminate the Services Agreement for any reason by providing thirty (30) days prior written notice.  The Company has agreed to assign a designated service representative which must be approved by ECCU in performing its duties under the Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the Services Agreement, the Company will make visits, deliver reports, provide marketing, educational and loan related services to ECCU s members, borrowers, leads, referral sources and contacts in the southeast region of the United States.    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized   $45   thousand in income as a result of this agreement. 

On October 5, 2016, the Company entered into a Successor Servicing Agreement with ECCU pursuant to which the Company has agreed to serve as the successor loan servicing agent for certain mortgage loans designated by ECCU in the event ECCU requests that the Company assume its obligation to act as the servicing agent for those loans.  The term of the Agreement is for a period of three years.  The Company expects to receive an annual fee of approximately $  9 thousand   for serving as the successor servicing agent.    See Note 16, Subsequent Events, on Page F-39. 

Other Related Party Transactions 

On April 15, 2016, Mendell Thompson   was appointed   to the Company s Board of Managers.  Mr. Thompson currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of America s Christian Credit Union (   ACCU   ).    The Company has   sold   $1.6   million in loan participations to ACCU   since 2011  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding balance of loan participations sold to ACCU is   $1.0   million.    The Company has     not   sold any loan participations to ACCU since Mr. Thompson s appointment to   its   Board of Managers. 

In addition,   the Company s   wholly-owned subsidiary, MP Securities has a Networking Agreement with ACCU pursuant to which MP Securities will assign one or more registered sales representatives to one or more locations designated by ACCU and offer investment products, investment advisory services, insurance products, annuities and mutual fund investments to ACCU s members. MP Securities has agreed to offer only those investment products and services that have been approved by ACCU or its Board of Directors and comply with applicable investor suitability standards required by federal and state securities laws and regulations. MP Securities offers these products and services to ACCU members in accordance with NCUA rules and regulations and in compliance with its membership agreement with FINRA. MP Securities has agreed to compensate ACCU for permitting it to use the designated location to offer such products and services to ACCU s members under an arrangement that will entitle ACCU to be paid a percentage of total revenue received by MP Securities from transactions conducted for or on behalf of ACCU members.  The Networking Agreement may be terminated by either ACCU or MP Securities without cause upon   thirty   days prior written notice.  MP Securities paid   $65   thousand and   $52   thousand to ACCU under the terms of this agreement during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  The terms of this agreement have not changed as a result of Mr. Thompson s appointment to   the Company s   Board of Managers. 

From time to time,   the Company s   Board and members of   its   executive management team have purchased investor notes from   the Company or have purchased investment products through MP Securities  . Investor notes payable to related parties totaled   $53   thousand and   $51   thousand at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively.    The Company sold   $2.0   million in non-proprietary investment products to related parties during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The Company recognized   $55   thousand in commission income on these transactions. 

F-    15   

On August 14, 2013, the Company entered into a Loan Participation Agreement with Western Federal Credit Union  , which has since changed its name to UNIFY Financial Credit Union (   UFCU   ).  UFCU is an owner of both the Company s Class A Common Units and Series A Preferred Units.  Under this agreement,   the Company   sold UFCU a   $5.0   million loan participation interest in   one   of   its   mortgage loan interests.  As part of this agreement,   the Company   retained the right to service the loan, and   it   charge  s   UFCU   50   basis points for servicing the loan. 

The Company has   entered into a selling agreement with   its   wholly-owned subsidiary, MP Securities, pursuant to which MP Securities will sell   its   Subordinated Capital Notes and   its   International Notes.  The sales commissions and cost reimbursements paid to any broker-dealer firms that are engaged to assist in the distribution of such certificates will not exceed   3%   of the amount of certificates sold.   

The Company   also entered into a selling agreement with MP Securities pursuant to which MP Securities served as   its   selling agent in distributing   its   Class 1 Notes.  Under the terms of the Class 1 Notes Offering, MP Securities received a selling concession for acting as a participating broker ranging from   1.25%   to   5   % on the sale   of a fixed series note and an amount equal to   .25%   per annum on the average note balance for a variable series note.    No   co  mi  ssions were paid on any accrued interest that is added to the principal of a Class 1 Note pursuant to an interest deferral election made by the investor.   

The Company has   also entered into a Managing Participating Broker Agreement with MP Securities pursuant to which MP Securities will act as the managing broker for the offering of   its   Class 1 Notes.  As the managing participating broker, MP Securities will maintain sales records, process and approve investor applications, conduct retail and wholesale marketing activities for sales of the Class 1 Notes and undertake its own due diligence review of the offering.  MP Securities does not serve as a lead underwriter or syndicate manager for the offering. 

Under the terms of the Managing Participating Broker Dealer Agreement (the    MPB Agreement   ) entered into with MP Securities and possible participating brokers in the future,   the Company   will pay gross selling commissions ranging from   1.25%   to   1.75%   for the sale of Fixed Series Class 1 Notes and an amount equal to   .50%   of the amount of Variable  Series Class 1 Notes sold plus an amount equal to   .25%   per annum on the average note balance of such Variable Series Class 1 Note.  Both the gross commissions and managing participating broker commissions will be reduced by   .25%   of the total amount of each note sold in the offering to a repeat purchaser who is then, or has been within the immediately preceding thirty (  30  ) days, an owner of one of   the Company s   investor notes.    No   commissions are paid on the accrued interest deferred and added to the principal balance of a note when an investor elects to defer interest received on a note.  In the event MP Securities provides wholesal  ing   services in   connection with the Class 1 Notes offering, the Company may reimburse MP Securities and any other selling group member up to   $40   thousand   in wholesaling expenses.  As of the date of this Report,   no   wholesaling expenses have been paid to MP Securities or any other selling group member under the Class 1 Notes offering. 

In connection with the Company s Secured Note offering,   it   has engaged MP Securities to act as   it  s managing broker for the offering.  Under the terms of a Managing Broker-Dealer Agreement entered into by   and between the Company and MP   Securities,   it   will pay selling commissions ranging from   2%   on   its   Secured Notes with a   18  -month maturity to   5%   on Secured Notes with a   54  -month maturity, with total selling commissions not to exceed   5%  . 

In addition,   the Company has   signed an Administrative Services Agreement with MP Securites which stipulates that   it   will provide certain services to MP Securities.  These services include the lease of office space, use of equipment, including computers and phones, and payroll and personnel services.    In December 2015, the Company agreed to waive and abate MP Securities  obligation to pay the Company for these services for a limited period of time not to exceed   twelve   months and subject to a maximum expense abatement of   $250   thousand.  For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016,   no   abatements had been requested by MP Securities or made by the Company.  Pursuant to resolutions adopted by the Board of Managers in November 2016, the Board authorized the officers of the Company to extend the terms of this agreement for an additional twelve month period. 

Pursuant to a Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 15, 2014, entered into by and among the Company, MPF and the holders of   its   Secured Notes (the    Loan Agreement   ), MPF will serve as the collateral agent for the Secured Notes.  The Company will pledge and deliver mortgage loans and cash to MPF to serve as collateral for the Secured Notes.  As custodian and collateral agent for the Secured Notes, MPF will monitor the Company s  

F-    16   

compliance with the terms of the Loan Agreement, take possession of, hold, operate, manage or sell the collateral conveyed to MPF for the benefit of the Secured Note holders.  MPF is further authorized to pursue any remedy at law or in equity after an event of default occurs under the Loan Agreement. 

To assist in evaluating any related transactions   the Company   may enter into with a related party,   its   Board has adopted a Related Party Transaction Policy. Under this policy, a majority of the members of   the Company s   Board and majority of   its   independent Board members must approve a material transaction that   it   enter  s   into with a related party.  As a result, all transactions that   the Company   undertake  s   with an affiliate or related party are on terms believed by   its   management to be no less favorable than are available from unaffiliated third parties and are approved by a majority of   its   independent Board members. 

4.    Loans Receivable and Allowance for Loan Losses 

The Company   originate  s   church mortgage loans, participate in church mortgage loans and also purchase entire church mortgage loans.  The loans fall into   four   classes:   whole loans for which the Company possesses the first collateral position, whole loans that are either unsecured or for which the Company possesses a junior collateral position, participated loans for which the Company possesses the first collateral position and participated loans for which the Company possesses a junior collateral position.  All of the loans are made to various evangelical churches and related organizations, primarily to purchase, construct or improve facilities. Loan maturities extend through 2031.     Loans yielded a weighted average of   6.28%   and   6.33%   as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. A summary of the Company s mortgage loans owned as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The Company has established an allowance for loan losses of $1.8 million as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 for loans held in   it  s mortgage portfolio. For the   nine month period   ended   September 30, 2016  ,    the Company recorded   $20   thousand in   charge-offs on   its   mortgage loan investments.  For the year ended December 31, 2015,   the Company   recorded    $143   thousand in charge-offs on   its   mortgage loan investments  . Management believes that the allowance for loan losses as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 is appropriate.  

F-    17   

Changes in the allowance for loan losses for the   nine month period   ended   September 30, 2016   and the year ended December 31, 2015 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The Company s loan portfolio is comprised of   one   segment   church and ministry loans. The loans fall into four classes: whole loans for which the Company possesses the first collateral position, whole loans that are either unsecured or for which the Company possesses a junior collateral position, participated loans for which the Company possesses the first collateral position, and participated loans for which the Company possesses a junior collateral position.  

Loans by portfolio segment (church loans) and the related allowance for loan losses are presented below. Loans and the allowance for loan losses are further segregated by impairment methodology (dollars in thousands). 

The Company has established a standard loan grading system to assist management and loan review personnel in their analysis and supervision of the loan portfolio.  The following table is a summary of the loan portfolio credit quality indicators by loan class at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, which is the date on which the information was updated for each credit quality indicator (dollars in thousands): 

F-    18   

F-    19   

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Company s loan portfolio delinquencies by loan class and amount at   September 30, 2016   and at December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

F-    20   

The following tables are summaries of impaired loans by loan class as of and for the   three and     nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, and the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively.    The unpaid principal balance reflects the contractual principal outstanding on the loan less interest payments recorded against principal on collateral-dependent loans. The net loan principal balance reflects the unpaid principal balance less specific allowances recorded against impaired loans.    The   net   recorded investment in impaired loans reflects the   loan principal balance   less discounts (dollars in thousands): 

F-    21   

F-    22   

For the year ended   December 31, 2015  

Average Recorded Investment  

Interest Income Recognized  

With no allowance recorded:  

Church loans:  

Wholly-Owned First  

$  
				 
				 1,829 

$  

--  

Wholly-Owned Junior  

--  

--  

Participation First  

--  

--  

Participation Junior  

--  

--  

With an allowance recorded:  

Church loans:  

Wholly-Owned First  

6,215 

99 

Wholly-Owned Junior  

3,304 

162 

Participation First  

--  

--  

Participation Junior  

--  

--  

Total:  

Church loans  

$  
				 
				 11,348 

$  
				 
				 261 

F-    23   

A summary of nonaccrual loans by loan class at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

F-    24   

A summary of loans   the Company   restructured during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Troubled Debt Restructurings (by class)  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016  

Number of Loans  

Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment  

Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment  

Recorded Investment At Period End  

Church loans:  

Wholly-Owned First  

1 

$  
				 
				 944 

$  
				 
				 944 

$  
				 
				 928 

Wholly-Owned Junior  

--  

--  

--  

--  

Participation First  

--  

--  

--  

--  

Participation Junior  

--  

--  

--  

--  

Total  

1 

$  
				 
				 944 

$  
				 
				 944 

$  
				 
				 928 

F-    25   

The Company   restructured   one   loan during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  For   each   loan,   the Company   added unpaid accrued interest outstanding to the loan balance and offset this with a corresponding discount of the same amount.    The Company   lowered the interest rate on the loan and extended the loan s maturity date.   

Troubled Debt Restructurings Defaulted (by class)   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016  

Number of Loans  

Recorded Investment  

Troubled debt restructurings that subsequently defaulted:  

Church loans:  

Wholly-Owned First  

1 

$  
				 
				 928 

Wholly-Owned Junior  

--  

--  

Participation First  

--  

--  

Participation Junior  

--  

--  

Total:  

Church loans  

1 

$  
				 
				 928 

One   loan   that w  as   modified during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   defaulted during the   period   in which   it was   modified.     No   loans that were modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 defaulted during the period in which they were modified. 

F-    26   

Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring are closely monitored for delinquency as an early indicator for future default.  If loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring subsequently default, management evaluates such loans for potential further impairment.  As a result of this evaluation, specific reserves may be increased or adjustments may be made in the allocation of reserves. 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,    no   additional funds were committed to be advanced in connection with loans modified in troubled debt restructurings.    In October 2016, the Company refinanced a loan made to a borrower of one of its troubled debt restructurings.  Please see Note 16, Subsequent Events below, for further disclosure regarding this loan. 

5  .  Investments 

The Company s   investments at   September 30, 2016   consist of an ownership interest in a joint venture, Tesoro Hills LLC.    The Company s   ownership interest is equal to the value of   its   initial investment in the joint venture, which consisted of a   $900   thousand property that was previously foreclosed on by   the Company  .  The joint venture has   incurred   $6   thousand in losses     for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .    As of September 30, 2016, the value of   the Company s   investment in the property is   $894   thousand.    Management has conducted an evaluation of the investment as of   September 30, 2016   and has determined that the investment is not impaired.    The Company   did   not   have any investments at December 31, 2015. 

6  .  Foreclosed Assets 

The Company s   investment in foreclosed assets was   zero   at   September 30, 2016   and   $3.5   million at December 31, 2015.    The Company   did not   record any loss provisions on foreclosed assets   during   the   nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The Company recorded $222 thousand in loss provisions on foreclosed assets during the nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .    The Company   recorded   $1.1   million in charge-offs of allowances for losses on foreclosed assets during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .    The Company recovered $6 thousand in previously charged off allowances for losses on foreclosed assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   

Foreclosed assets are presented net of an allowance for losses.  An analysis of the allowance for losses on foreclosed assets is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

F-    27   

Expenses applicable to foreclosed assets include the following (dollars in thousands): 

Note that during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received a refund of $8 thousand in expenses recorded on foreclosed assets during prior quarters. 

7.    Loan Participation Sales 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,    the Company   sold participations in   fifteen   church loans totaling   $10.9   million while retaining servicing responsibilities on the loans.  As a result of these sales,   the Company   recorded servicing assets totaling   $140   thousand.  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company sold participations in   eight   church loans totaling   $6.1   million.  As a result of these sales,   the Company   recorded servicing assets totaling   $59   thousand.  Servicing assets are amortized using the interest method as an adjustment to servicing fee income.  Amortization totaled   $49   thousand for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .   

A summary of servicing assets for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, and the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows   (dollars in thousands)  : 

F-    28   

8  .    NCUA Borrowings 

Members United Facilities 

On November 4, 2011, the Company and the National Credit Union Administration Board As Liquidating Agent of Members United Corporate Federal Credit Union (   Lender   ) entered into an   $87.3   million credit facility refinancing transaction (the    MU Credit Facility   ).  The MU Credit Facility replaced the original   $100   million CUSO Line entered into by and between the Company and Members United Corporate Federal Credit Union on May 7, 2008.  Unless the principal amount of the indebtedness due is accelerated under the terms of the MU Credit Facility loan documents, the principal balance and any interest due on the MU Credit Facility will mature on October 31, 2018.    Accrued interest is due and payable monthly in arrears on the MU Credit Facility on the first day of each month at the lesser of the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable law under the loan documents or 2.525%.    The term loan may be repaid or retired without penalty, but any amounts repaid or prepaid under the MU Credit Facility may not be re-borrowed.    On March 30, 2015,   the Company   and the NCUA entered into an agreement to amend to the Loan and Security Agreement (the    LSA Amendments   ) for both the MU Credit Facility and the WesCorp Credit Facility.  The LSA Amendments altered the collateral requirements on both facilities, as well as some of   the Company s   reporting requirements to the NCUA.    The balance of the MU Credit Facility was   $  6  8.  0   million and   $7  0.2   million at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.    The required minimum monthly payment on this facility is   $393   thousand. 

The MU Credit Facility includes a number of borrower covenants, including affirmative covenants to maintain the collateral free of liens, to timely pay the amounts due on the facility, to provide the Lender with interim or annual financial statements and annual and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and maintain a minimum collateralization ratio of at least   110%    (  120%   for the MU Credit Facility and Wescorp Facility combined).  If at any time   the Company   fail  s   to maintain   its   required minimum collateralization ratio, it will be required to deliver cash or qualifying mortgage loans in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet   its   obligation to maintain a minimum collateralization ratio.  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the collateral securing the MU Credit Facility had an aggregate principal balance of   $8  0.9   million and   $81.9   million, respectively.  In total, the collateral securing both facilities   at December 31, 2015   did not satisfy the 120% minimum collateralization ratio required by the amended agreement.  The Company pledged   $686   thousand in cash to satisfy the deficit in loan collateral at December 31, 2015.  The total collateral pledged, including loans receivable and cash, satisfies the requirements of the amended credit facility agreements.   

In addition to the minimum collateralization requirement, the MU Credit Facility also includes covenants which prevent the Company from renewing or extending a loan pledged as collateral under this facility unless certain conditions have been met and requires the borrower to deliver current financial statements to the Company.  Under the terms of the MU Credit Facility, the Company has established a lockbox maintained for the benefit of Lender that will receive all payments made by collateral obligors.  The Company s obligation to repay the outstanding balance on this facility may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an  Event of Default  as defined in the MU Credit Facility.  Such Events of Default include, among others, failure to make timely payments due under the MU Credit Facility and the Company's breach of any of its covenants.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with its covenants under the MU Credit Facility. 

F-    29   

WesCorp Facility 

On November 4, 2011, the Company and the National Credit Union Administration Board As Liquidating Agent of Western Corporate Federal Credit Union (previously herein defined as  Lender ) entered into a   $23.5   million credit facility refinancing transaction (the    WesCorp Credit Facility Extension   ).  The WesCorp Credit Facility Extension amends, restates and replaces the WesCorp Facility entered into by and between the Company and Western Corporate Federal Credit Union on November 30, 2009.  Unless the principal amount due on the WesCorp Credit Facility Extension is accelerated under the terms of the loan documents evidencing such credit facility, the principal balance and any interest due on the facility will be payable in full on October 31, 2018.    Accrued interest on the WesCorp Credit Facility Extension is due monthly in arrears on the first day of each month at the lesser of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law under the loan documents or 2.525%.    The term loan may be repaid or retired without penalty, but any amounts repaid or prepaid under the WesCorp Credit Facility Extension may not be re-borrowed.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,    $  19.  4   million   and   $20.  0   million, respectively, was outstanding on the WesCorp Credit Facility Extension. 

The WesCorp Credit Facility Extension includes a number of borrower covenants, including affirmative covenants to maintain the collateral free of liens, to timely pay the amounts due on the facility, to provide the Lender with interim or annual financial statements and annual and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and maintain a minimum collateralization ratio of at least   110%    (  120%   for the MU Credit Facility and Wescorp Facility combined).  If at any time the Company fails to maintain its required minimum collateralization ratio, it will be required to deliver cash or qualifying mortgage loans in an amount sufficient to enable it to meet its obligation to maintain a minimum collateralization ratio.  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the collateral securing the WesCorp Credit Facility Extension had an aggregate principal balance of   $  30.  0   million and   $25.7   million, respectively.         In total, the collateral securing both facilities at December 31, 2015 did not satisfy the 120% minimum collateralization ratio required by the amended agreement.  The Company pledged $686 thousand in cash to satisfy the deficit in loan collateral at December 31, 2015.  The total collateral pledged, including loans receivable and cash, satisfies the requirements of the amended credit facility agreements. 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company was in compliance with its covenants under the Wescorp Credit Facility Extension.  

Future estimated principal pay downs of   the Company s   borrowings from financial institutions during the twelve month periods ending   September   30 are as follows   (dollars in thousands)  :   

9.    Notes Payable 

In addition to borrowings from financial institutions,   the Company   also rely on   its   investor notes to fund investments in mortgage loan assets and fund   its   general operations. Except for   the Company s   private offering of secured notes, the notes are unsecured and are payable to investors who have purchased the securities, including individuals, churches, and Christian ministries, many of whom are members of ECCU   and ACCU  . Notes pay interest at stated spreads over an index rate that is adjusted every month. Interest can be reinvested or paid at the investor's option. The Company may repurchase all or a portion of these notes at any time at its sole discretion, and may allow investors to redeem their notes prior to maturity at its sole discretion.    The Company has   offered   its   investor notes under registered public offerings with the SEC and in private placements exempt under the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   

F-    30   

Until December 31, 2014, the Company offered its Class A Notes in   three   series, including a Fixed Series, Flex Series and Variable Series pursuant to registration statements filed with the SEC. On June 24, 2011,   the Company   filed a Registration Statement with the SEC seeking to register an additional   $75   million of   it  s Class A Notes.  All of the Class A Notes are unsecured.  The offering included three categories of notes, including a fixed interest note, a variable interest note, and a flex note, which allows borrowers to increase their interest rate once a year with certain limitations.  The interest rate the Company paid on the Fixed Series Notes and the Flex Series Notes are determined by reference to the Swap Index, an index that is based upon a weekly average Swap rate reported by the Federal Reserve Board, and is in effect on the date they are issued, or in the case of the Flex Series Notes, on the date the interest rate is reset. These notes bear interest at the   Swap Index plus a rate spread of 1.7% to 2.5%   and have maturities ranging from   12   to   84   months.  The interest rate the Company pays on a Variable Series Note is determined by reference to the   three   month LIBOR rate in effect on the date the interest rate is set   plus a rate spread of 1.50% to 1.80%  .   

The Class A Notes also contain restrictive covenants pertaining to paying dividends, making redemptions, acquiring, purchasing or making certain payments, requiring the maintenance of minimum tangible net worth, limitations on the issuance of additional notes and incurring of indebtedness.  The Class A Notes require the Company to maintain a minimum tangible adjusted net worth, as defined in the Class A Notes Trust Indenture Agreement, of not less than   $4.0   million.  The Company s other indebtedness, as defined in the Class A Notes Trust Indenture Agreement, and subject to certain exceptions enumerated therein, may not exceed   $20.0   million outstanding at any time while any Class A Notes are outstanding.  The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of   September 30, 2016  .   

The Class A Notes have been issued under a Trust Indenture entered into between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (US Bank).  The Class A Notes are part of up to   $200   million of Class A Notes the Company may issue pursuant to the US Bank Indenture.  The Class A Note Offering expired on December 31, 2015 and the Company discontinued the sale of its Class A Notes as of that date.  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, $  17.8   million and   $25.4   million of these notes were outstanding, respectively. 

In January 2015, the Company registered with the SEC   $85.0   million of new Class 1 Notes in two series, including a Fixed Series and Variable Series.  This is a "best efforts" offering and will continue through December 31, 2017.  The offering includes two categories of notes, including a fixed interest note and a variable interest note.  The interest rates the Company will pay on the Fixed Series Notes are determined by reference to the Swap Index, an index that is based upon a weekly average Swap rate reported by the Federal Reserve Board, and is in effect on the date they are issued. These notes bear interest at the   Swap Index plus a rate spread of 1.7% to 2.5%   and have maturities ranging from   12   to   60   months.  The interest rates the Company pays on the Variable Series Notes are determined by reference to the Variable Index in effect on the date the interest rate is set and bear interest at a rate of the   Swap Index plus a rate spread of 1.50% to 1.80%  .  Effective as of January 6, 2015, the Variable Index is defined under the Class 1 Notes as the   three   month LIBOR rate.  The Variable Series Notes will be repaid at the noteholder s request at any time after the note has been outstanding with an unpaid principal balance of   $10,000   or more.      The Company   had   $  8.1   million in outstanding Class 1 Variable Series Notes over $10,000 at   September 30, 2016  . 

The Class 1 Notes also contain restrictive covenants pertaining to paying dividends, making redemptions, acquiring, purchasing or making certain payments, requiring the maintenance of minimum tangible net worth, limitations on the issuance of additional notes and incurring of indebtedness.  The Class 1 Notes require the Company to maintain a minimum tangible adjusted net worth, as defined in the Class 1 Notes Trust Indenture Agreement, of not less than   $4.0   million.  The Company is not permitted to issue any Class 1 Notes if, after giving effect to such issuance, the Class 1 Notes then outstanding would have an aggregate unpaid balance exceeding   $125.0   million.  The Company s other indebtedness, as defined in the Class 1 Notes Trust Indenture Agreement, and subject to certain exceptions enumerated therein, may not exceed   $20.0   million outstanding at any time while any Class 1 Notes are outstanding. According to California state regulations,   th  e Company is also not permitted to issue any Class 1 Notes if the issuance of those Notes would cause the aggregate unpaid balance of Class 1 Notes to reach or exceed ten times the Company s equity at the time of issuance. 

The Class 1 Notes were issued under a Trust Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (   US Bank   ).  The Class 1 Notes are part of up to   $300   million of Class 1 Notes the Company may issue pursuant  

F-    31   

to the US Bank Indenture.  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, $  2  7.2   million and   $15.9   million of Class 1 Notes were outstanding, respectively. 

From time to time,   the Company has   also sold unsecured general obligation notes having various terms to ministries and ministry related organizations in private offerings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  Except for a small number of investors (in total not exceeding   35   persons), the holders of these notes are accredited investors   who meet the requirements of Regulation D   under the Securities Act. 

In January 2015, the Company began offering Secured Notes under a new private placement memorandum pursuant to the requirements of Rule 506 of Regulation D.  Under this offering, the Company may sell up to   $80.0   million in Secured Notes to qualified investors.  The certificates require as collateral either cash pledged in the amount of   100%   of the outstanding balance of the certificates or loans receivable pledged in the amount of   105%   of the outstanding balance of the     certificates.    At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015,   $3.3 million and   $2.3   million in Secured Notes were outstanding  , respectively  . 

As part of this offering, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with MPF that appointed MPF as the collateral agent of any loans pledged as collateral for the Secured Notes.  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015,   $  6.0   million and   $3.6   million in loans were pledged as collateral on the Secured Notes, respectively.    The Company   also had   less than $1 thousand   in cash pledged as collateral on the Secured Notes. These totals satisfy the minimum collateral requirement of the private placement memorandum. 

In February 2013, the Company launched the sale of its Series 1 Subordinated Capital Notes pursuant to a limited private offering to qualified investors that meet the requirements of Rule 506 of Regulation D.  The Series 1 Subordinated Capital Notes have been offered with maturity terms from   12   to   60   months at an interest rate fixed on the date of issuance, as determined by the then current   seven  -day average rate reported by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board for interest rate swaps. A total of   $  5  .  4   million and   $3.4   million in notes sold pursuant to this offering were outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

In March 2013, the Company launched the sale of a new private offering of its 2013 International Notes.  This offering was made only to qualified investors that meet the requirements of Rule 902 of Regulation S. Under the Series 1 Subordinated Notes and 2013 International Notes offerings, the Company is subject to certain covenants, including limitations on restricted payments, limitations on the amount of notes that can be sold, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions, and proper maintenance of books and records.  The Company was in compliance with these covenants at   September 30, 2016  .  A total of   $5  3   thousand   and   $52   thousand   of its 2013 International Notes were outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

The Company has   the following notes payable at   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

F-    32   

Future maturities for the Company s investor notes during the twelve month periods ending   September 30   are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Debt issuance costs related to   the Company s   notes payable were   $  95   thousand and   $122   thousand at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

10  .    Preferred and Common Units Under LLC Structure 

The Series A Preferred Units are entitled to receive a quarterly cash dividend that is   25   basis points higher than the   one  -year LIBOR rate in effect on the last day of the calendar month for which the preferred return is approved.  The Company has also agreed to set aside an annual amount equal to   10%   of   its   net profits earned for any year, after subtracting from profits the quarterly Series A Preferred Unit dividends paid, for distribution to   its   Series A Preferred Unit holders.       

The Series A Preferred Units have a liquidation preference of   $100   per unit; have   no   voting rights; and are subject to redemption in whole or in part at the Company s election on December 31 of any year, for an amount equal to the liquidation preference of each unit, plus any accrued and declared but unpaid quarterly dividends and preferred distributions on such units. The Series A Preferred Units have priority as to earnings and distributions over the Common Units. The resale of the Company s Series A Preferred Units and Common Units are subject to the Company s first right of refusal to purchase units proposed to be transferred.  Upon the Company s failure to pay a quarterly dividends for   four   consecutive quarters, the holders of the Series A Preferred Units have the right to appoint   two   managers to   it  s Board of Managers.  

The Class A Common Units have voting rights, but have no liquidation preference or rights to dividends, unless declared. 

1  1  .    Retirement Plans 

401(k) 

All of   the Company s   employees are eligible to participate in the Automated Data Processing, Inc. (   ADP   ) 401(k) plan effective as of the date their employment commences. No minimum service is required and the minimum age is   21  . Each employee may elect voluntary contributions not to exceed   60%   of salary, subject to certain limits based on U.S. tax law. The plan has a matching program, which qualifies as a Safe Harbor 401(k) plan. As a Safe Harbor Section 401(k) plan, the Company matches each eligible employee s contribution, dollar for dollar, up to   3%   of the employee s compensation, and   50%   of the employee s contribution that exceeds 3% of their compensation, up to a maximum contribution of   5%   of the employee s compensation.  Company matching contributions for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and 2015 were   $  55.3   thousand and   $  60.4   thousand, respectively. 

Profit Sharing 

The profit sharing plan is for all employees who, at the end of the calendar year, are at least   21   years old, still employed, and have at least   900   hours of service during the plan year. The amount annually contributed on behalf of each qualified employee is determined by the Company s Board of Managers and is calculated as a percentage of  

F-    33   

the eligible employee's annual earnings. Plan forfeitures are used to reduce   the Company s   annual contribution. The Company made   no   profit sharing contributions for the plan during the year ended December 31, 2015.    No   profit sharing contribution has been made or approved for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 

1  2  .    Loan Commitments    

Unfunded Commitments 

The Company is a party to credit-related financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include un  -  advanced lines of credit, and standby letters of credit. Such commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. 

The Company s exposure to credit loss is represented by the contractual amount of these commitments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the following financial instruments were outstanding whose contract amounts represent credit risk   (dollars in thousands)  : 

Undisbursed loans are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. These loans are sometimes unsecured and may not necessarily be drawn upon to the total extent to which the Company is committed.  Commitments to extend credit are generally at variable rates. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. 

13.    Fair Value Measurements 

Fair Value Measurements Using Fair Value Hierarchy 

Measurements of fair value are classified within a hierarchy based upon inputs that give the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.     

Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in inactive markets, inputs that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.), or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or by other means.     

Level 3 inputs are unobservable and reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities.     In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement     in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.     

F-    34   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of   the Company s   financial instruments at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Management uses judgment in estimating the fair value of the Company s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in a sales transaction at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015.  

F-    35   

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments: 

Cash   The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets approximate fair value for cash.  

Loans   Fair value is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current average rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. 

Investments   Fair value is estimated by analyzing the operations and marketability of the underlying investment to determine if the investment is other-than-temporarily impaired. 

Notes Payable   The fair value of fixed maturity notes is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates currently offered for notes payable of similar remaining maturities.  The discount rate is estimated by Company management by using market rates which reflect the interest rate risk inherent in the notes. 

NCUA Borrowings   The fair value of borrowings from financial institutions are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The discount rate is estimated by Company management using market rates which reflect the interest rate risk inherent in the notes.  

Off-Balance Sheet Instruments   The fair value of loan commitments is based on fees   currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining term of the agreements and the counterparties' credit standing. The fair value of loan commitments is insignificant at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015. 

Fair Value Measured on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The following table presents such assets carried on the balance sheet by caption and by level within the valuation hierarchy (dollars in thousands): 

F-    36   

Activity in Level 3 assets is as follows for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

Impaired Loans 

Collateral-dependent impaired loans are carried at the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell, incorporating assumptions that experienced parties might use in estimating the value of such collateral. The fair value of collateral is determined based on appraisals. In some cases, adjustments were made to the appraised values for various factors including age of the appraisal, age of comparables included in the appraisal, and known changes in the market and in the collateral. When significant adjustments were based on unobservable inputs, the resulting fair value measurement has been categorized as a Level 3 measurement. Otherwise, collateral-dependent impaired loans are categorized under Level 2. 

Foreclosed Assets   

Real estate acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings (foreclosed assets) is initially recorded at fair value at the date of foreclosure less estimated costs of disposal, which establishes a new cost. After foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed and foreclosed assets held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs of disposal.   The fair values of real properties initially are determined based on appraisals. In some cases, adjustments were made to the appraised values for various factors including age of the appraisal, age of comparable properties included in the appraisal, and known changes in the market or in the collateral. Subsequent valuations of the real properties are based on management estimates or on updated appraisals. Foreclosed assets are categorized under Level 3 when significant adjustments are made by management to appraised values based on unobservable inputs. Otherwise, foreclosed assets are categorized under Level 2 if their values are based solely on appraisals.  

F-    37   

The valuation methodologies used to measure the fair value adjustments for Level 3 assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 are summarized below (dollars in thousands): 

14.    Segment Information 

Reportable Segments 

The Company's reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. They are managed separately because each business requires different management, personnel proficiencies, and marketing strategies. 

There are   two   reportable segments: finance company (  the parent company  ) and broker-dealer (MP Securities).  The finance company segment uses funds from the sale of debt securities, operations, and loan participations to originate or purchase mortgage loans. The broker-dealer segment sells debt securities and other investment products, as well as providing investment advisory services, to generate fee income. 

The accounting policies applied to determine the segment information are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Intersegment revenues and expenses are accounted for at amounts that assume the transactions were made to unrelated third parties at the current market prices at the time of the transactions. 

F-    38   

Management evaluates the performance of each segment based on net income or loss before provision for income taxes and LLC fees. 

Financial information with respect to the reportable segments for the   nine month period   ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows (dollars in thousands):  

F-    39   

Financial information with respect to the reportable segments for the   nine month period   ended   September 30, 2015   is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Revenue  

Total revenue of reportable segments  

$  
				 
				 7,148 

Inter-segment revenue  

(395)

Consolidated revenue  

$  
				 
				 6,753 

Non-interest expenses  

Total non-interest expenses of reportable segments  

$  
				 
				 3,793 

Inter-segment non-interest expenses  

(69)

Consolidated non-interest expenses  

$  
				 
				 3,724 

Profit  

Total income of reportable segments  

$  
				 
				 121 

Inter-segment profits  

--  

Consolidated net income  

$  
				 
				 121 

Assets  

Total assets of reportable segments  

$  
				 
				 146,573 

Inter-segment prepaid expenses  

(329)

Segment accounts receivable from corporate office  

--  

Consolidated assets  

$  
				 
				 146,244 

F-    40   

15.    Income Taxes and State LLC Fees 

MPIC is subject to a California gross receipts LLC fee.  MP Securities is subject to a California gross receipts LLC fee of approximately   $6,000   for the year ended December 31, 2015.  MP Realty incurred a tax loss for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, and recorded a provision of   $800   per year for the state minimum franchise tax. 

MP Realty,   which is taxed as   a C   c  orporation   under U.S. tax laws,   has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately   $319,000   and   $316,000  , respectively which begin to expire in 2030. Management assessed the realizability of the deferred tax asset and determined that a   100%   valuation against the deferred tax asset was appropriate at December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Tax years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2015 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the tax years ended December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2015 remain subject to examination by the California Franchise Tax Board. 

1  6  .    Subsequent Events 

On October 5, 2016, the Company entered into a Successor Servicing Agreement with ECCU whereby it could be requested to take on the servicing of loans currently serviced by ECCU.  This would only occur at the request of ECCU or another entity that obtained legal control of the loans.  The Company is required to meet the level of performance consistent with standard practices in the portfolio servicing industry, and is also required to maintain a standard of security over the confidential information provided to the Company by ECCU pursuant to this agreement.  The Company expects to receive approximately   $9   thousand per year for providing these services while its role as successor servicer is inactive.  In the event the Company assumes these loan servicing duties, the Company will receive its standard servicing fee for providing these services. 

On October 28, 2016, the Company refinanced a loan for   $2.8   million that was secured by a first trust deed in collateral that was securing one of the Company s  impaired loans as a second trust deed.  As part of the refinancing arrangement, the Company restructured the loan already in its portfolio and combined the   two   loans into one.  Although the loan previously in the Company s portfolio had performed in accordance with its terms for several years, it was considered a troubled debt restructuring due to lowering the interest rate on the loan below a market rate and maintaining that rate for cash flow purposes.  As a result of this refinancing agreement, the   $5.9   million loan is completely secured by a first trust deed and the Company believes that the new interest rate is consistent with current market rates.  This refinancing transaction is not considered a troubled debt restructuring as it was not done in response to any financial hardship experienced by the borrower.  As of October 28, 2016, the Company no longer considers the loan impaired. 

F-    41   

Item 2.  M    anagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

SAFE HARBOR CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 

This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements regarding Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Ministry Partners Funding, LLC, MP Realty, and MP Securities, LLC, including, without limitation, statements regarding our expectations with respect to revenue, credit losses, levels of non-performing assets, expenses, earnings and other measures of financial performance.  Statements that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  The words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   plan,   intend,   should,   seek,   will,  and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them.  These forward-looking statements reflect the current views of our management. 

These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based upon various factors (many of which are beyond our control).  Such risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our financial performance to differ materially from the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the risks set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as well as the following: 

We are a highly leveraged company and our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and business;     

we depend on the sale of our debt securities to finance our business and have relied on the renewals or reinvestments made by our holders of debt securities when their debt securities mature to fund our business;     

our ability to maintain liquidity or access to other sources of funding;     

the   need   to sell   loan participations   in   loans we originate in order to   maintain   liquidity and generate servicing fees;     

changes in the cost and availability of funding facilities;     

the allowance for loan losses that we have set aside prove  s   to be insufficient to cover actual losses on our loan portfolio;     

if we take ownership of a property as part of a foreclosure action when a borrower defaults on one of our mortgage loan investments, we could be required to write-down the value of a real estate owned asset and record a charge to our earnings if the value of the property declines further after we take title to the property;     

because we rely on credit facilities to finance our investments in church mortgage loans, disruptions in the credit markets, financial markets and economic conditions that adversely impact the value of church mortgage loans can negatively affect our financial condition and performance;   and     

we are required to comply with certain covenants and restrictions in our primary credit facilities that, if not met, could trigger repayment obligations of the outstanding principal balance on short notice  .     

As used in this quarterly report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our  or the  Company  means Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Ministry Partners Funding, LLC, MP Realty, and MP Securities, LLC. 

3   

OVERVIEW 

We were incorporated in 1991 as a credit union service organization and we invest in and originate mortgage loans made to evangelical churches, ministries, schools and colleges.  Our loan investments are generally secured by a first mortgage lien on properties owned and occupied by evangelical churches, schools, colleges and ministries.  We converted to a limited liability company form of organization on December 31, 2008. 

The following discussion and analysis compares the results of operations for the   nine month periods   ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements and Notes thereto. 

Results of Operations 

Three months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   three months ended September 30, 2015    

4   

During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported   net income   of $  161   thousand  , which was an increase of $120 thousand over the third quarter of 2015.  Our net income generated for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was driven by an increase in interest income from our lending activities, an increase in other lending income, and a reduction in costs related to our foreclosed assets.   

As compared to the third quarter of 2015, interest income increased by $153 thousand primarily due to an     in  crease in mortgage loan assets held in our loan portfolio   and interest rates on our loans receivable (see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  below for additional discussion)  .    Our gross loan portfolio has increased by $14.2 million since September 2015 due to an increase in loan fundings over the last year.  Interest income earned on interest-bearing accounts with other institutions increased mainly due to placing our cash in institutions offering higher average interest rates.    

Total interest expense   in  creased by $  35   thousand   as compared to the     third quarter   of 201  5     due to an increase in our   investor   notes.  Note interest expense increased by $59 thousand as our outstanding notes payable have increased since September 30, 2015 by $9.0 million. Interest expense on our NCUA borrowings decreased by $24 thousand over the third quarter of 2015 due to regular monthly principal payments made on our borrowings. 

For the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  , net interest income   in  creased by $  118   thousand, or   12  %, from the three month period ended   September 30, 2015  .    However, n  et interest income after provision for loan losses   de  creased by $  63   thousand for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   over the   three months ended September 30, 2015.  While we did not record any provisions for loan losses during the third quarter of 2016, we recorded a credit for loan losses during the third quarter of 2015 due to a favorable settlement reached on one of our impaired loans.  As of September 30, 2015, we no longer held any interest in the loan. 

We had other income of $  244   thousand in the   third quarter   of 201  6   primarily due to   $143 thousand in advisory fees and commissions earned by MP Securities, $31 thousand in gains on loan sales, $4 thousand in lending fees, $23 thousand in management service fees, and   $  39   thousand in   servicing fee income  .    Our broker-dealer commissions and fees increased as we have expanded our customer base and assets managed by MP Securities, our broker-dealer subsidiary.  Our other income generated from lending activities increased as a result of the Master Services Agreement reached with ECCU in April 2016 and sale of $1.5 million in loan participations in the third quarter of 2016.  We did not sell any loan participations during the third quarter of 2015.   

Non  -interest operating expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     de  creased by $  95   thousand over the same period ended   September 30, 2015  , a   de  crease of   7  %.    This decrease is due primarily to $98 thousand in net expenses related to the management of our foreclosed assets that we incurred in the third quarter of 2015.  As of March 31, 2016, all of our foreclosed assets were sold   or transferred into investments  , and we have paid off any remaining expenses related to the management of those properties.  During the third quarter of 2016, we also received a refund on previously expensed charges related to the management of one of these properties.  We do not anticipate any further activity in expenses related to foreclosed assets for the remainder of 2016. Salaries and benefits expenses decreased by $39 thousand due to the resignation of our prior Chief Executive Officer in December 2015 and appointment of Mr. Turner to serve as Chief Executive Officer and President of both the Company and MP Securities.  We also had one fewer investment advisor and one fewer operations staff member than we did in the third quarter of 2015.  These savings were offset by a severance agreement reached during the third quarter of 2016 with our former Chief Financial Officer, whose position was eliminated in August 2016.  The entire amount of the agreement, $78 thousand, was accrued during the third quarter of 2016.   

Marketing and promotions expenses increased by $18 thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 mainly as a result of several marketing conventions attended by loan personnel and investment advisors.  Office operations expense increased by $21 thousand due to referral fees paid to ACCU and ECCU, as well as expenses related to our quarterly board of managers meeting.  As MP Securities has expanded its client base through these relationships, we paid $21 thousand in referral fees during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to $8 thousand paid during the third quarter of 2015.   

5   

Nine months ended September 30, 2016   vs.   nine months ended September 30, 2015    

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reported net income of $725 thousand, which was an increase of $604 thousand over the first three quarters of 2015.  Our net income in 2016 was driven by an increase in interest income from our lending activities, an increase in non-interest income related to our broker-dealer subsidiary and other lending services, and gains on sale of our foreclosed assets.  These positive factors were partially offset by increases in provisions for loan losses and salary expense, which will be explained further below. 

As compared to the first three quarters of 2015, interest income increased by $450 thousand as a result of an increase in the mortgage loan assets held in our loan portfolio (see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin  below for additional discussion).  Our gross loan portfolio has increased by $14.2 million since September 30, 2015 due to an increase in loan fundings over the last year.  We also recognized $132 thousand in additional interest income from the amortization of deferred loan fees and costs during the first three quarters of 2016 as a result of the sale of loan  

6   

participations.  Interest income earned on interest-bearing accounts with other institutions increased due to a higher balance of our funds being placed in institutions offering higher interest rates.    

Total interest expense increased by $28 thousand as compared to the first three quarters of 2015 due to an increase in our notes payable.  The balance of our notes payable has increased by $9.0 million since September 30, 2015.  The interest paid on our NCUA borrowings has decreased by $64 thousand as we made our regular monthly principal payments.   

For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, net interest income increased by $422 thousand, or 14%, from the nine month period ended September 30, 2015.  Net interest income after provision for loan losses increased by $226 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded provisions for loan losses related to additional general reserves that were required when we funded $17.7 million in new loans during the period.  During the first three quarters of 2015, we recorded a credit for loan losses due to a favorable settlement reached on one of our impaired loans.  As of September 30, 2015, we no longer held any interest in the loan. 

We had other income of $855 thousand in the first three quarters of 2016 primarily due to $558 thousand in advisory fees and commissions earned by MP Securities, which was an increase of $168 thousand over broker-dealer revenue from the first three quarters of 2015.  We also recognized $45 thousand in additional other lending income for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.  This was due to $72 thousand in additional gains on loan sales and $45 thousand in management services fees as compared to the prior year, but was offset by a $49 thousand decrease in late charge income. 

Non-interest operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $200 thousand over the same period ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of 5%.  This decrease is due primarily to the sale of three foreclosed assets in which we held an interest.  We recognized $278 thousand in gains on sale of two of these assets and recovered $6 thousand in previously recorded provisions for loan losses on the third.  As we have now sold or transferred into investments all of our foreclosed assets, we do not anticipate recognizing any gains on the sale of foreclosed assets in the near future.  

The gains on the sale of foreclosed assets were offset by an increase in salaries and benefits expenses.  These increased by $115 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as we accrued discretionary bonuses in the first three quarters of 2016 that were not accrued in the first three quarters of 2015. We also reached a settlement agreement with our former Chief Financial Officer for which we accrued $78 thousand in salary expenses as a severance payment.  Office operations expense increased by $69 due to a number of factors, the most prominent of which is an increase of $66 thousand in referral fees paid to ECCU and ACCU for commissions earned on investment sales made through the networking agreements signed with both credit unions. Marketing and promotion expenses increased by $29 thousand due to conferences attended by lending and sales personnel and marketing travel expenses incurred during the first three quarters of 2016. Legal and accounting fees for the first nine months of 2016 increased by $16 thousand over the prior year due to legal fees incurred in connection with our loan investments and general corporate matters. 

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 

Historically, o  ur earnings   have primarily   depend  ed   upon the difference between the income we receive from interest-earning assets, which consist principally of mortgage loan investments and interest-earning accounts with other financial institutions, and the interest paid on our debt securities and credit facility borrowings. This difference is net interest income. Net interest margin is net interest income expressed as a percentage of average total assets.  

The following table provides information, for the periods indicated, on the average amounts outstanding for the major categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the amount of interest earned or paid, the yields and rates on major categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the net interest margin: 

7   

[1] Loans are net of deferred fees and before the allowance for loan losses 

[2] Net interest margin is equal to net interest income as a percentage of average   interest-earning   assets. 

Average interest-earning assets   in  creased to $  142.4   million during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from $  135.7   million during the same period in 201  5  , a  n     in  crease of $  5.8 million  . The average yield o  n these assets was 6.02  % for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 5.87  % for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .    The average yield increase is due to increases in yields on both interest-earning assets at other institutions and on interest-earning loans.  We have invested a greater portion of our cash at institutions with slightly higher yields.  Loan yield has increased due to participation sales that allowed us to recognize deferred fees on a similar average balance of loans.  

Average non-interest earning assets decreased to $9.6   million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015  .    This decrease is related mainly to the sale of our foreclosed assets.  Foreclosed assets had a balance of $3.9 million at September 30, 2015.  We had sold or transferred all of our foreclosed assets as of September 30, 2016, although $900 thousand in foreclosed assets were transferred to investments and remains a non-interest earning asset. 

Average interest-bearing liabilities, consisting of notes payable and borrowings from financial institutions,   in  creased to $  142.6   million during the   three months ended September 30, 2016, from $137.7   million during the same period in  

8   

201  5 as we have increased our note sales over the last year  . The average rate paid on the  se liabilities remained at 2.92  % for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to t  he same period in   2015  .    While the rates on our Class 1 Notes have decreased slightly, the rates on our remaining special offering notes have increased substantially.   

Net interest income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was $  1.1 million  , which was a  n in  crease of $  118 thousand, or 12  %, for the same period in 201  5  .  Net in  terest margin increased 20 basis points to 3.10  % for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016, compared to 2.90  % for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .   

[1] Loans are net of deferred fees and before the allowance for loan losses 

[2] Net interest margin is equal to net interest inc  ome as a percentage of average interest-earning   assets. 

Average interest-earning assets   in  creased to $  141.6   million during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , from $  138.6   million during the same period in 201  5  , a  n     in  crease of $  3.0 million  . The average yield o  n these assets was 6.19  % for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 5.90  % for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .    The average yield increase is due to increases in yields on both interest-earning assets at other institutions  

9   

and on interest-earning loans.  We have invested a greater portion of our cash at institutions with higher yields.  Loan yield has increased due to participation sales that allowed us to recognize deferred fees on a similar average balance of loans.   

Average non-interest earning assets decreased from $10.9   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $10.3   million   for the first three quarters of 2016  .    This decrease is due to the sale of our foreclosed assets in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016, which drove down the average balance of non-interest-earning assets.  As our impaired loans continue to pay and we do not currently have any foreclosed assets, we expect this balance to continue to decrease. 

Average interest-bearing liabilities, consisting of notes payable and borrowings from financial institutions,   in  creased to $  142.6   million during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $140.7   million during the same period in 201  5 as we have increased our note sales over the last year  . The average rate paid on the  se liabilities decreased to 2.92  % for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016, from 2.94  % for the same period in   2015  . This decrease is due primarily to a   shift in the balances of our notes.  As our Class A Notes mature, they are being replaced by our new offering of Class 1 Notes, which pay lower interest rates. 

Net interest income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was $  3.4 million  , which was a  n in  crease of $  422 thousand, or 14  %, for the same period in 201  5  .  Net in  terest margin increased 34 basis points to 3.25  % for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016, compared to 2.91  % for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 

10   

11   

Financial Condition 

Comparison of Financial Condition at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015 

General  .    Total assets increased by $3.5 million, or 2  %, between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  .  This   in  crease was   primarily   due to   an increase in loans receivable  .   

During the   nine month period   ended   September 30, 2016  , gross loans receivable   in  creased by $  6.6 million.  We funded $27.7 million in loans during the first nine months of the year, while we experienced $7.0 million in loan payoffs related to borrowers we were unable to refinance.  We also experienced $3.6 million in normal principal runoff and principal paydowns during the first nine months of 2016.   Furthermore, we sold $10.9 million in loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   We plan to use the funds received from paydowns and loan sales to originate new loans over the remainder of the year. 

12   

Our portfolio consists entirely of loans made to evangelical churches and ministries.  Approximately 99.9% of these loans are s  ecured by real estate, while three   loan  s   that represent le  ss than 0.1% of our loans are   unsecured.    The loans in our portfolio carried   a weight  ed average interest rate of 6.28  % at   September 30, 2016 and 6.33% at December 31, 2015  . 

Non-performing Assets  .    Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans, loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing, restructured loans, and other impaired loans where the net present value of estimated future cash flows is lower than the outstanding principal balance.  Non-accrual loans represent loans on which interest accruals have been discontinued.  Restructured loans are loans in which the borrower has been granted a concession on the interest rate or the original repayment terms due to financial distress. Non-performing loans are closely monitored on an ongoing basis as part of   our   loan review and work-out process.  The potential risk of loss on these loans is evaluated by comparing the loan balance to the fair value of any underlying collateral or the present value of projected future cash flows.  The following is a summary of the recorded balance of   our   nonperforming loans (dollars in thousands) as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015:    

Some non-accrual loans are considered collateral dependent.  These are defined as loans where   the   repayment of principal will involve the sale or operation of collateral securing the loan.  For collateral dependent loans, any payment of interest we receive is recorded against principal.  As a result, interest income is not recognized until the loan is no longer considered impaired. For non-accrual loans that are not considered collateral dependent, we do not accrue interest income, but we recognize inc  ome on a cash basis.  We had eight   nonaccrual loans as of   September 30, 2016 and     December 31, 2015  .   

We restructured one loan in February 2016 as we reduced the interest rate of a loan and added accrued interest on the loan to the principal balance.  We recorded a discount for the amount of the interest added to the loan; our net investment in the loan did not change as a result of this transaction.  This loan was already considered an impaired, collateral dependent loan.  The borrower continues to experience financial difficulties.  We recorded $99 thousand in additional specific reserves during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to one collateral-dependent loan for which management determined that the collateral value had declined. These reserves were offset by reductions in general reserves due to loan payoffs. 

Of the 11 properties we have foreclosed on, we have sold ten.  Our interest in one of these foreclosed properties was transferred to the Valencia Hills joint venture in which we contributed the entire $900 thousand value to the joint venture.  This transaction was completed in January 2016 and the value is recorded a an investment asset.  The purpose of the joint venture is to develop the property so as to realize a gain on its eventual sale.  Our portion of the joint venture s losses were $6 thousand as of September 30, 2016.  The value of our investment is $894 thousand at September 30, 2016.  As of September 30, 2016, the balance of our foreclosed assets is zero. We have experienced $3.2 million in total charge-offs since June 2011. 

13   

The following table presents our non-performing assets: 

1   These loans are presented at the balance   of unpaid principal less interest payments recorded against principal  

2   Includes $1.1 million of restructured loans that were over 90 days delinquent as of December 31, 2015.  

3   Foreclosed assets are presented net of any valuation allowances taken against the assets.  

At   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , we had   eight   restructured loans that were on non-accrual status.    None   of these loans w  ere   over 90 days deli  nquent at September 30, 2016.  In addition, we had one   restructured loan   that has performed according to terms for over a year and is on accrual status  .  As of   December 31, 2015, we had four foreclosed properties valued at $3.5 million, net of a $1.1 million total valuation allowance against the properties.  As of September 30, 2016, we do not hold interests in any foreclosed assets. No new foreclosure proceedings have been initiated on any properties we own during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Allowance for Loan Losses.    We maintain an allowance for loan losses that we consider adequate to cover both the inherent risk of loss associated with the loan portfolio as well as the risk associated with specific loans that we have identified as having a significant chance of resulting in loss.   

Allowances taken to address the inherent risk of loss in the loan portfolio are considered general reserves.  We include various factors in our analysis. These are weighted based on the level of risk represented and for the potential impact on our portfolio.  These factors include: 

Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection;     

Changes in national, regional and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio;     

Changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of nonaccrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified loans;     

Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans;      

The effect of credit concentrations; and     

The rate of defaults on loans modified as troubled debt restructurings within the previous twelve months.     

14   

In addition, we include additional general reserves for our loans that are collateralized by a junior lien or that are unsecured.  In order to more accurately determine the potential impact these factors have on our portfolio, we segregate our loans into pools based on risk rating when we perform our analysis.  Risk factors are weighted differently depending upon the quality of the loans in the pool.  In general, risk factors are given a higher weighting for lower quality loans, which results in greater general reserves related to these loans.  We evaluate these factors on a quarterly basis to ensure that we have adequately addressed the risk inherent in our loan portfolio. 

We also examine our entire loan portfolio regularly to identify individual loans which we believe have a greater risk of loss than is addressed by the general reserves.   These are identified by examining delinquency reports, both current and historic, monitoring collateral value, and performing a periodic review of borrower financial statements.  For loans that are collateral dependent, management first determines the value at risk on the investment, defined as the unpaid principal balance, net of discounts, less the collateral value net of estimated costs associated with selling a foreclosed property.  This entire value at risk is reserved.  For impaired loans that are not collateral dependent, management will record an impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows.  Loans that carry a specific reserve are formally reviewed quarterly, although reserves will be adjusted more frequently if additional information regarding the loan s status or its underlying collateral is received. 

Finally, our allowance for loan losses includes reserves related to troubled debt restructurings.  These reserves are calculated as the difference in the net present value of payment streams between a troubled debt restructuring at its modified terms as compared to its original terms, discounted at the original interest rate on the loan.  These reserves are recorded at the time of the restructuring. The change in the present value of cash flows attributable to the passage of time is reported as interest income. 

The process of providing adequate allowance for loan losses involves discretion on the part of management, and as such, losses may differ from current estimates.  We have attempted to maintain the allowance at a level which compensates for losses that may arise from unknown conditions.  At   both September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the allowance for loan losses was $  1.8   million  .  This represented 1.3  % of our gross loans receivable at   both September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .    

15   

1     Provisions for loan losses were negative during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015 and the year ended     December 31, 2015 due to a credit for loan losses taken when an impaired loan was removed from collateral dependent status. 

16   

Investments.    At September 30, 2016, we had one investment valued at $900 thousand, which consisted of an ownership interest in a joint venture formed in January 2016. The purpose of the joint venture is to develop and sell property acquired by us as part of a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure agreement reached with one of our borrowers in 2014.  We did not have any investments at December 31, 2015.  Our portion of the losses incurred by the joint venture totaled $6 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, leaving us with a net investment of $894 thousand. 

NCUA Borrowings  .    At   September 30, 2016  , we had $  87.4   million in borrowings from financial institutions.  This   represents   a decrease of $  2.8 million   from   December 31, 2015  .  This decrease is the result of regular monthly payments made on both the MU Credit Facility and the Wescorp Credit F  acility Extension  .   

Notes Payable.    Our investor notes payable consist of debt securities sold under   a registered national offering   as well as notes sold in private placements.  These investor notes had a balance of $  55.5   million at   September 30, 2016, which was an increase of $5.7 million   from   December 31, 2015  .    In January, 2015, we began offering Class 1 Notes, which replace our Class A Notes offering.  We also began offering a new series of Secured Notes at that time.  These offerings, as well as our pre-existing offerings, are being marketed and sold by MP Securities, our wholly-owned broker-dealer.  In addition to increasing our client base over the last year through the marketing efforts of our broker-dealer sales staff and our networking agreements with two credit unions, we have adjusted our marketing efforts to compensate for the investor concentration limitations imposed on our note sales by FINRA and, as a result, have been able to replace more of the maturing notes wth new investment notes.  Our notes payable are presented net of of debt issuance costs, which have decreased from $122 thousand at December 31, 2015 to $95 thousand at September 30, 2016. 

Other liabilities  .    Our   other liabilities include accounts payable to third parties and salaries, bonuses, and commissions payable to our employees.  Our other liabilities increased by $87 thousand, mainly as a result of an increase in funds held temporarily on behalf of borrowers.  These fund are used in the loan origination process, but due to the timing of loan funding may remain with us for a short period of time before being remitted. 

Members  Equity.    Total members  equity was $8.7   million at   September 30, 2016  , whi  ch represents an increase of $523 thousand from December 31, 2015.  This increase comprises $725   thousand in net   income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $145   thousand   in     dividends   related to our Series A Preferred Units, which require quarterly dividend payments  , and $57 thousand in accrued payments to our equity holders.      We are required to make a   payment of 10% of our annual net income after dividends   to our Series A Preferred Unit holders. This payment is made in the first quarter of the following year when annual net income has been finalized; we accrue the payment throughout the year based on our year-to-date net income.    We did not repurchase or sell any ownership units during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

September 30, 2016   vs.   September 30, 2015 

Maintenance of adequate liquidity requires that sufficient resources be available at all times to meet   our   cash flow requirements. Desired liquidity may be achieved from both assets and liabilities. Cash, investments in interest-bearing time deposits in other financial institutions, maturing loans, payments of principal and interest on loans and potential loan sales are sources of asset liquidity. Sales of investor notes and access to credit lines also serve as sources of additional liquidity.   We follow a liquidity policy that has been approved by our Board of Managers.  The policy sets a minimum liquidity ratio and contains contingency protocol if our liquidity falls below the minimum.  Our liquidity ratio was 18% at September 30, 2016, which is above the minimum set by our policy. Also as part of the policy, we review our   liquidity position on a regular basis based upon   our   current position and expected trends of loans and investor notes. Management believes that   we maintain   adequate sources of liquidity to meet   our   liquidity needs.    Nevertheless, if we are unable to continue our offering of Class 1 Notes for any reason, we incur sudden withdrawals by multiple investors in our investor notes, a substantial portion of our notes that mature during the next twelve months are not renewed, and we are unable to obtain capital from sales of our mortgage loan assets or other sources, we expect that our business would be materially and adversely affected. 

T  he sale of our debt securities   is a significant component in financing   our mortgage loan investments.  We have increased our marketing efforts related to the sale of privately placed special offering   and Secured   Notes and we believe that the sale of these notes will enable   us   to meet its liquidity needs for the near future.    We     continue to sell  

17   

debt securities   filed   under a   Registration Statement with the SEC to register $  85   million of Class   1   Notes that was deemed effective as of   January 6  th  , 2015  .    This Registration Statement expires on December 31, 2017.  

We   have also entered into   a Loan and Standby Agent Agreement pursuant to a Rule 506 offering to sell $40.0 million of   Series 1   Subordinated Capital Notes   and we are offering $80 million in our Secured Notes under a private placement memorandum  .  By offering the Class   1   Notes and privately placed   investor notes  ,    we expect   to   fund new loans which can either be held for interest income or sold as participations to generate servicing income and gains on loan sales  .  The cash from sales will be used to originate additional loan investments or to fund operating activities.    

Historically, w  e have been successful in generating reinvestments by our debt security holders when the notes that the  y hold mature.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our investors renewed their deb  t securities investments at a 57  %    r  ate  , which represented a slight increase from the 56  % re  newal rate over the nine months ended September 30, 2015  .    We have stabilized our note renewal rate as MP Securities has adjusted its marketing efforts to the over-  concentration of investment limitation   restrictions placed on the sale of our notes.  New salespeople MP Securities hired over the last several years have increased our client base, which has in turn increased our note sales. 

The net   decrease in cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $605 thousand  , as co  mpared to a net decrease of $537 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Net cash   provided by     operating activities totaled $52 thousand   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to net cash   used by   operating activities of $  264 thousand   for the same period in 201  5  . This   increase in cash provided by   operating activities   is attributable primarily to an increase in net income from interest received. 

Net cash   used by   investing activities totaled $  3.3 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $6.0 million provided during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an inc  rease in cash   used o  f $  9.3 million. The increase in cash used   is related to   an increase in loan originations, which totaled $27.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  We anticipate funding and purchasing additional loans during the fourth quarter of 2016.       

Net cash   provided   by financing activities totaled $  2.7 million for the nine month period   ended   September 30, 2016  ,   an increase in cash provided of $9.0 million   from $  6.3 million   used in finan  cing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This difference is primarily attributable to a  n     in  crease in   sales of our notes payable. We sold a net of $5.7 million in notes during the first three quarter of 2016 compared to net redemptions of $3.4 million in notes during the same period in 2015.  

At   September 30, 2016  , our cash, which includes cash reserves and cash available for invest  ment in mortgage loans, was $11.0   million, a    dec  rease of $  605 thousand   from $  11.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including our   Vice President of Finance  , supervised and participated in an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  .  After evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our   Vice President of Finance   ha  s   concluded that as of the evaluation date, our disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company would be made known to them by others within the Company, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report was being prepared.  

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures  

18   

include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the President and Principal Accounting Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

We made a change in controls over our loan servicing and management processes during the first   nine months   of 2016.  Management believes that this change is sufficient to ensure that all information regarding our loans is properly reviewed and entered into our systems.  No other changes in internal controls were made during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 

Given the nature of our investments made in mortgage loans, we may from time to time have an interest in, or be involved in, litigation arising out of our loan portfolio.  We consider litigation related to our loan portfolio to be routine to the conduct of our business.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we are not involved in any litigation matters that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows   other than those discussed in Part I. Item 2.  Potential Recoveries of Reserves Established for Loan Losses.  

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 

As of the date of this filing, there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosure 

None  

Item 5.  Other Information 

None. 

19   

Item 6.  E    xhibits 

SIG    NATUR  E 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:   November 14  , 2016 

MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT  

COMPANY, LLC  

(Registrant)  

By:   /s/   Joseph W. Turner, Jr.  

Joseph W. Turner  ,   Jr.,  

Chief Executive Officer   

20   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 c130-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 

ACT OF 2002 

I,   J  oseph   W. Turner  , certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC; 

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)  )   for the registrant and we have: 

(a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

(b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has material affected, or is reasonably likely to materially effect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 1  4  ,    201  6                   By:   /s/   J  oseph W. Turner  , Jr. 

Joseph W. Turner  , Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 c130-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF ACTING PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL 

AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,   Daniel A. Flude  , certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC; 

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)  )   for the registrant and we have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's forth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has material affected, or is reasonably likely to materially effect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 1  4  , 201  6                        By:   /s/   Daniel A. Flude 

Daniel A. Flude 

Principal Accounting   Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 c130-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, in his capacity as   interim     Chief Executive Officer   of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, (the    Company   ) that, to his knowledge, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September   30  , 2016   (the "  Report  ") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of such period and the results of operations of the Company for such period. 

Date:   November 1  4  , 201  6                    By:     /s/   J  oseph W. Turner, Jr. 

J  oseph W. Turner, Jr., 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 c130-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, in her capacity as   Principal Accounting   Officer of Ministry Partners Investment Company, LLC, (the "  Company  ") that, to h  is   knowledge, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September   30  , 2016   (the "  Report  ") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of such period and the results of operations of the Company for such period. 

Date:   November 1  4  , 201  6                   By:   /s/   Daniel A. Flude 

Daniel A. Flude  , 

Principal Accounting   Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 c130-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 c130-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 c130-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 c130-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 c130-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 c130-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

