<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_1344596_0001344596-16-000124_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5663188</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130745</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>315176</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1874310</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2369751</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>863373</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001344596-16-000124.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028172739
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001344596-16-000124
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Railcar Industries, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001344596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROAD EQUIPMENT [3743]
		IRS NUMBER:				431481791
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			ND
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51728
		FILM NUMBER:		161959575

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			ST. CHARLES
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		636-940-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			ST. CHARLES
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Railcar Industries, Inc./DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001344596-16-000124.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 arii10-q9302016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  Or 

for the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File No. 000-51728 

AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(636) 940-6000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):    
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding on   October 26, 2016   was   19,361,832   shares. 

Table of Contents  

AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
    
                 Item Number 
    Page 
  Number 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

1. Financial Statements:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    7 

2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    22 

3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    34 

4. Controls and Procedures  
    34 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

1. Legal Proceedings  
    35 

1A. Risk Factors  
    35 

2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    36 

6. Exhibits  
    36 

SIGNATURES  
    36 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts, unaudited) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (In thousands, unaudited) 

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands, unaudited)    

See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 
   
  Note 1   Description of the Business 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared by American Railcar Industries, Inc. (a North Dakota corporation) and subsidiaries (collectively the Company or ARI), without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   has been derived from the audited consolidated balance sheet as of that date. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . In the opinion of management, the information contained herein reflects all adjustments necessary to present fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods reported. The results of operations of any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for a fiscal year.  Certain prior-period amounts in the notes to the consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of ARI and its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries: Castings, LLC (Castings), ARI Component Venture, LLC (ARI Component), ARI Fleet Services of Canada, Inc., Longtrain Leasing I, LLC (LLI), Longtrain Leasing II, LLC (LLII), Longtrain Leasing III, LLC (LLIII), ARI Railcar Services LLC and Southwest Steel Casting Company, LLC. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.  
   
  Note 2   Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which amends Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  . This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including (i) income tax consequences, (ii) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, (iii) whether or not to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they occur and (iv) classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 31, 2016.  Early adoption will be permitted with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which amends ASC Topic 840,   Leases  , and is intended to increase the transparency and comparability of accounting for lease transactions. This ASU requires most leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. Lessees will need to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases. The liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Lessor accounting remains similar to the current model.  Targeted improvements were made to lessor accounting to align, where necessary, with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. The ASU will require both quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding key information about leasing arrangements. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition, and provides for certain practical expedients. Transition will require application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which amends FASB ASU Subtopic 835-30,   Interest - Imputation of Interest  . The new standard requires that all costs incurred to issue debt be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the debt. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 31, 2015 and is required to be applied on a retrospective basis. The retrospective adoption of this guidance during the first quarter of 2016 resulted in a reclassification of debt issuance costs related to the Company's long-term debt on the Company's September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 balance sheets and did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  . ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in   Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)  , and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The new revenue recognition standard also requires disclosures that sufficiently describe the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. This ASU was amended by ASU No. 2015-14, issued in August 2015, which deferred the original effective date by one year; the effective date of this ASU is for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, using one of two retrospective application methods. Early adoption is permitted only as of the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company currently intends to adopt this new guidance on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective application method and continues to evaluate the new standard, but does not, at this time, anticipate a material impact to the financial statements once implemented.  
   
  Note 3   Accounts Receivable, net 
  Accounts receivable, net, consists of the following:    

Note 4   Inventories 
  Inventories consist of the following:    

Note 5   Property, Plant, Equipment and Railcars on Leases, net 
  The following table summarizes the components of property, plant, equipment and railcars on leases, net:    

8 

     Table of Contents  

Railcars on lease agreements 
  The Company leases railcars to third parties under multi-year agreements. Railcars subject to lease agreements are classified as operating leases and are depreciated in accordance with the Company s depreciation policy.  
  Capital expenditures for leased railcars represent cash outflows for the Company s cost to produce railcars shipped or to be shipped for lease. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , future contractual minimum rental revenues required under non-cancellable operating leases for railcars with terms longer than one year are as follows (in thousands):    

Depreciation expense 
  The following table summarizes depreciation expense:   

Note 6   Investments in and Loans to Joint Ventures 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was party to two joint ventures: Ohio Castings Company LLC (Ohio Castings) and Axis LLC (Axis). Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Castings, the Company has a   33.3%   ownership interest in Ohio Castings, a limited liability company formed to produce various steel railcar parts for use or sale by the ownership group. Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, ARI Component, the Company has a   41.9%   ownership interest in Axis, a limited liability company formed to produce railcar axles for use or sale by the ownership group.  
  The Company accounts for these joint ventures using the equity method. Under this method, the Company recognizes its share of the earnings and losses of the joint ventures as they accrue. Advances and distributions are charged and credited directly to the investment accounts. From time to time, the Company also makes loans to its joint ventures that are included in the investment account. The investment balance for these joint ventures is recorded within the Company s manufacturing segment. The carrying amount of investments in and loans to joint ventures, which also represents ARI s maximum exposure to loss with respect to the joint ventures, are as follows:    

See Note 15, Related Party Transactions, for information regarding financial transactions with ARI's joint ventures. 
  Ohio Castings 
  Ohio Castings produces railcar parts that are sold to one of the joint venture partners. This joint venture partner then sells these railcar parts to outside third parties at current market prices and sells them to the Company and the other joint venture partner at Ohio Castings' cost plus a licensing fee. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The Company has determined that, although the joint venture is a variable interest entity (VIE), accounting for its activity under the equity method is appropriate given that the Company is not the primary beneficiary, does not have a controlling financial interest and does not have the ability to individually direct the activities of Ohio Castings that most significantly impact its economic performance. The significant factors in this determination were that neither Castings nor the Company has rights to the majority of returns, losses or votes, all major and strategic decisions are decided between the partners, and the risk of loss to the Company and Castings is limited to its investment in Ohio Castings. 
  Summary financial results for Ohio Castings, the investee company, in total, are as follows:    

Axis 
  ARI, through ARI Component, a wholly-owned subsidiary, owns a portion of a joint venture, Axis, to manufacture and sell railcar axles. ARI currently owns   41.9%   of Axis, while a minority partner owns   9.7%   and the other significant partner owns   48.4%  . 
  Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, ARI and the other significant partner are required, and the minority partner is entitled, to contribute additional capital to the joint venture, on a pro rata basis, of any amounts approved by the joint venture s executive committee, as and when called by the executive committee.  
  Under the amended Axis credit agreement (Axis Credit Agreement), whereby ARI and the other significant partner are equal lenders, principal payments are due each fiscal quarter, with the last payment due on December 31, 2019. During the first   nine   months of   2016   and the full year of   2015  , the applicable interest rate for the loans under the Axis Credit Agreement was   7.75%  . Interest payments are due and payable monthly.  
  The balance outstanding on these loans, due to ARI Component, was   $19.2 million   and   $23.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  The Company has determined that, although the joint venture is a VIE, accounting for its activity under the equity method is appropriate given that the Company is not the primary beneficiary, does not have a controlling financial interest and does not have the ability to individually direct the activities of Axis that most significantly impact its economic performance. The significant factors in this determination were that neither ARI Component nor the Company has rights to the majority of returns, losses or votes, the executive committee and board of directors of the joint venture are comprised of one representative from each significant partner with equal voting rights and the risk of loss to the Company and ARI Component is limited to its investment in Axis and the loans due to the Company under the Axis Credit Agreement.  
  Summary financial results for Axis, the investee company, in total, are as follows:    

As of   September 30, 2016  , the investment in Axis was comprised entirely of ARI s term loan. The Company has evaluated this loan to be fully recoverable. 
  
   10 

Table of Contents  

Note 7   Warranties 
  The overall change in the Company s warranty reserve is reflected on the condensed consolidated balance sheets in accrued expenses and taxes and is detailed as follows:    

Note 8   Debt 
  Subsidiary Lease Fleet Financings 
  From time to time, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries LLI, LLII and LLIII, has entered into lease fleet financings in order to, among other things, support and grow its railcar leasing business. The lease fleet financings are obligations of the respective wholly-owned subsidiary, are generally non-recourse to ARI, and are secured by a first lien on the subject assets of the respective subsidiary, consisting of railcars, railcar leases, receivables and related assets, subject to limited exceptions. ARI has, however, entered into agreements containing certain representations, undertakings, and indemnities customary for asset sellers and parent companies in transactions of this type, and ARI has been and is obligated to make any selections of transfers of railcars, railcar leases, receivables and related assets to be transferred to LLI, LLII and LLIII without any adverse selection, to cause American Railcar Leasing LLC (ARL), as the manager, to maintain, lease, and re-lease LLI's, LLII's and LLIII's equipment no less favorably than similar portfolios serviced by ARL, and to repurchase or replace certain railcars under certain conditions set forth in the respective loan documents. See Note 15, Related Party Transactions, for further discussion regarding these agreements with ARL. 
  January 2015 private placement notes  
  In January 2015, LLIII issued   $625.5 million   in aggregate principal amount of notes pursuant to an indenture (the Indenture).  The notes are fixed rate secured railcar equipment notes bearing interest at a rate of   2.98%   per annum for the Class A-1 Notes and   4.06%   per annum for the Class A-2 Notes (collectively, the Notes), each payable monthly.  Of the aggregate principal amount,   $408.5 million   was used to refinance the LLI and LLII lease fleet financing facilities, resulting in net proceeds of   $211.6 million  .  In conjunction with the refinancing, the Company incurred a   $2.1 million   loss, which is shown as 'Loss on debt extinguishment' on the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  This non-cash charge is related to the accelerated write-off of deferred debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the LLI and LLII lease fleet financings.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $207.0 million   and   $375.5 million   of Class A-1 and Class A-2 notes outstanding, respectively. The Notes have a legal final maturity date of January 17, 2045 and an expected principal repayment date of January 15, 2025.  
  While the legal final maturity date of the Notes is January 17, 2045, cash flows from LLIII's assets will be applied, pursuant to the flow of funds provisions of the Indenture, so as to achieve monthly targeted principal balances.  Also, under the flow of funds provisions of the Indenture, early amortization of the Notes may be required in certain circumstances.  Pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Company is required to maintain deposits in a liquidity reserve bank account equal to nine months of interest payments.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the liquidity reserve amount was   $16.1 million   and   $16.9 million  , respectively, and included within 'Restricted cash' on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  LLIII can prepay or redeem the Class A-1 Notes, in whole or in part, on any payment date, subject to the payment of a make-whole amount with respect to certain prepayments or redemptions made on or prior to the payment date occurring in January 2018.  LLIII can prepay or redeem the Class A-2 Notes, in whole or in part, on any payment date occurring on or after January 16, 2018, subject to the payment of a make-whole amount with respect to certain prepayments or redemptions made on or prior to the payment date occurring in January 2022. The Company was in compliance with all of its covenants under the Indenture as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The fair value of the Notes was   $588.9 million   and   $608.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively, and is calculated by taking the net present value of future principal and interest payments using a discount rate that  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

is based on the Company's most recent fixed debt transaction. The inputs used in the calculation are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  ARI Lease Fleet Financings  
  December 2015 revolving credit facility  
  In December 2015, the Company completed a financing of its railcar lease fleet with availability of up to   $200.0 million   under a credit agreement (2015 Credit Agreement). See 'Liquidity and Capital Resources' section for further discussion regarding the incremental borrowing provision under the 2015 Credit Agreement. The initial amount obtained at closing was approximately   $99.5 million  , net of fees and expenses (the amounts extended under the 2015 Credit Agreement, inclusive of any amounts extended under the incremental facility, the Revolving Loan). In February 2016, the Company repaid amounts outstanding under the Revolving Loan in full and as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had borrowing availability of   $200.0 million   under this facility.  
  The Revolving Loan accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted LIBOR (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) for the applicable interest period, plus   1.45%  , for a rate of   1.9%   as of December 31, 2015. Interest is payable on the last day of each 1, 2, or 3-month interest period, the day of any mandatory prepayment, and the maturity date.  
  The Revolving Loan and the other obligations under the 2015 Credit Agreement are fully recourse to the Company and are secured by a first lien and security interest on certain specified railcars (together with specified replacement railcars), related leases, related receivables and related assets, subject to limited exceptions, a controlled bank account, and following an election by the Company (the Election), the applicable railcar management agreement with ARL. See Note 15, Related Party Transactions, for further discussion regarding this agreement with ARL.  
  Subject to the provisions of the 2015 Credit Agreement, the Revolving Loan may be borrowed and reborrowed until the maturity date. The Revolving Loan may be prepaid at the Company s option at any time without premium or penalty (other than customary LIBOR breakage fees and customary reimbursement of increased costs). The final scheduled maturity of the Revolving Loan is December 10, 2018, or such earlier date as provided in the 2015 Credit Agreement. The Company was in compliance with all of its covenants under the 2015 Credit Agreement as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the net book value of the railcars that were pledged as part of the Company's and its subsidiaries' Lease Fleet Financings was   $549.0 million   and   $563.7 million  , respectively.  
  The future contractual minimum rental revenues related to the railcars pledged as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands):    

The remaining principal payments under the Notes as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands):    

Note 9   Income Taxes 
  The Company s federal income tax returns for tax years 2013 and beyond remain subject to examination, with the latest statute of limitations expiring in September 2019. Certain of the Company's 2008 through 2012 state income tax returns and all of the  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Company's state income tax returns for 2013 and beyond remain open and subject to examination, with the latest statute of limitations expiring in December 2020. The Company s foreign income tax returns for 2012 and beyond remain open to examination by foreign tax authorities.  
  The Company began its implementation of the recent regulations concerning amounts paid to acquire, produce, or improve tangible property and recovery of basis upon disposition with the filing of its 2014 tax return.  The Company then completed its implementation efforts with the filing of its 2015 tax return, without any material impact. 
   
  Note 10   Pension Plans 
  The Company is the sponsor of   three   defined benefit plans that are frozen and no additional benefits are accruing thereunder.   Two   of the Company's defined benefit pension plans cover certain employees at designated repair facilities. The assets of these defined benefit pension plans are held by independent trustees and consist primarily of equity and fixed income securities. The Company also sponsors an unfunded, non-qualified supplemental executive retirement plan that covers several of the Company's current and former employees.  
  The components of net periodic benefit cost for the pension plans are as follows:    

Note 11   Commitments and Contingencies 
  The Company is subject to comprehensive federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations relating to the release or discharge of materials into the environment, the management, use, processing, handling, storage, transport or disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, and other laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment. These laws and regulations not only expose ARI to liability for the environmental condition of its current or formerly owned or operated facilities, and its own negligent acts, but also may expose ARI to liability for the conduct of others or for ARI s actions that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time such actions were taken. In addition, these laws may require significant expenditures to achieve compliance and are frequently modified or revised to impose new obligations. Civil and criminal fines and penalties and other sanctions may be imposed for non-compliance with these environmental laws and regulations. ARI s operations that involve hazardous materials also raise potential risks of liability under common law.  
  Certain real property ARI acquired from ACF Industries LLC (ACF) in 1994 had been involved in investigation and remediation activities to address contamination both before and after their transfer to ARI.  ACF is an affiliate of Mr. Carl Icahn, the Company s principal beneficial stockholder through Icahn Enterprises L.P. (IELP). Substantially all of the issues identified with respect to these properties relate to the use of these properties prior to their transfer to ARI by ACF and for which ACF has retained liability for environmental contamination that may have existed at the time of transfer to ARI. ACF has also agreed to indemnify ARI for any cost that might be incurred with those existing issues. As of the date of this report, ARI does not believe it will incur material costs in connection with activities relating to these properties, but it cannot assure that this will be the case. If ACF fails to honor its obligations to ARI, ARI could be responsible for the cost of any additional investigation or remediation that may be required. The Company believes that its operations and facilities are in substantial compliance with applicable laws and regulations and that any noncompliance is not likely to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.  
  ARI is party to a collective bargaining agreement with a labor union at a parts manufacturing facility that will expire in April 2017, unless extended or modified.  ARI is also party to collective bargaining agreements with labor unions at   two   repair facilities that will expire in January and September 2021, respectively, unless extended or modified.   
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

The Company has various agreements with and commitments to related parties. See Note 15, Related Party Transactions, for further detail. 
  Certain claims, suits and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business, as well as the Gyansys, Inc. (Gyansys) litigation discussed below, have been filed or are pending against ARI. In the opinion of management, based on information currently available, all such claims, suits, and complaints are without merit or would not have a significant effect on the future liquidity, results of operations or financial position of ARI if disposed of unfavorably. However, resolution of certain claims or suits by settlement or otherwise, could impact the operating results of the reporting period in which such resolution occurs  .  
  Gyansys 
  On October 24, 2014, the Company filed a complaint in United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Gyansys. The complaint asserts a claim against Gyansys for breaching its contract with ARI to implement an enterprise resource planning system. The Company seeks to recover monetary damages in an amount still to be determined, but which ARI alleged exceeds   $25 million  . Gyansys filed a response to the suit denying its responsibility. It also counterclaimed against ARI for a breach of contract and wrongful termination, seeking damages in excess of   $10 million   and equitable relief. At this time, the Company does not have sufficient information to reasonably form an estimate of the potential outcome (gain or loss) of this litigation. On September 9, 2015, the court denied ARI's motion to dismiss the wrongful termination counterclaim.  A trial date has been tentatively scheduled for January 17, 2017. The Company continues to believe that Gyansys' counterclaims lack merit and will continue to vigorously defend against these counterclaims.  
  FRA Directive 
  On September 30, 2016, the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) released Railworthiness Directive Number 2016-01 (the FRA Directive).  The FRA Directive addressed certain welding practices in one weld area in specified DOT 111 tank railcars manufactured between 2009 and 2015 by ARI and ACF Industries LLC (ACF).  ACF is an affiliate of Mr. Carl Icahn, the Company's principal beneficial stockholder through IELP.  The FRA became involved as a result of one tank railcar manufactured by ARI having a leak identified in 2014. The FRA Directive indicated that approximately 14,800 general purpose tank railcars could be subject to the FRA Directive.  
  The FRA Directive requires owners of all subject railcars to identify tank railcars in their respective fleets covered by the FRA Directive by October 30, 2016 and to ensure appropriate inspection, testing and repairs, if needed, during a period that ranges from 12 to 24 months from September 30, 2016, depending on the commodity service of the railcar. Owners, including the Company as a railcar lessor, and lessees of the subject railcars will likely incur future costs associated with compliance with this requirement, including but not limited to, freight costs for transporting these railcars to and from repair facilities, inspection, cleaning and repair, if necessary. Lessors of subject railcars, including the Company in its capacity as a lessor, may also experience loss of revenue during periods of rent abatement, if applicable, as a result of railcars being out of service due to compliance with the FRA Directive.  The incurrence of such costs and/or any such loss of revenue may be subject to the terms of any applicable warranty coverage and the terms of any applicable lease. The Company's contractual obligations under its operating leases for railcars in its lease fleet may vary from lease to lease.  
  The Company has evaluated its potential exposure related to the FRA Directive and has established a loss contingency of   $17.0 million   to cover its probable and estimable liabilities, as of September 30, 2016, with respect to the Company's remedial response to the FRA Directive, taking into account currently available information and the Company's contractual obligations in its capacity as both a manufacturer and lessor of railcars subject to the FRA Directive. This amount is included in accrued expenses and taxes on the condensed consolidated balance sheet and will continue to be evaluated as ARI's and its customers' compliance with the FRA Directive progresses and the Company's understanding of the impact the FRA Directive may have on its business, including results of operations and cash flows, evolves. Actual results could differ from this estimate. Legal fees incurred with respect to this matter will be expensed in the period in which they occur, in accordance with the Company's accounting policy. 
   
  Note 12   Share-based Compensation 
  The following table presents the amounts incurred by ARI for share-based compensation, or stock appreciation rights (SARs) and the corresponding line items on the condensed consolidated statements of operations that they are classified within:    
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , unrecognized compensation costs related to the unvested portion of SARs were estimated to be   $1.0 million   and were expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   27 months  . 
   
  Note 13   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  The following table presents the balances of related after-tax components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).    

(1)  
    These accumulated other comprehensive income components relate to amortization of actuarial loss/(gain) and prior period service costs/(benefits) and are included in the computation of net periodic costs for our pension and postretirement plans. See Note 10 for further details and pre-tax amounts. 
      (2)  
    The unrealized gain on available for sale securities, net of tax represents the change in fair value estimates that are based on quoted prices with an active trading market (Level 1).  

Note 14   Stock Repurchase Program 
  On July 28, 2015, the Company's board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the Stock Repurchase Program) pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, repurchase up to   $250.0 million   of its common stock.  The Stock Repurchase Program will end upon the earlier of the date on which it is terminated by the board of directors or when all authorized repurchases are completed. Under the Stock Repurchase program,   12,784   and   457,560   shares were repurchased, during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, at a cost of   $0.5 million   and   $17.4 million  , respectively.  
  See Note 17, Subsequent Events, for discussion of the Company's stock repurchase activity subsequent to   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Note 15   Related Party Transactions 
  Agreements with ACF 
  The Company has the following agreements with ACF, a company controlled by Mr. Carl Icahn, the Company s principal beneficial stockholder through IELP.  Each agreement described below has been unanimously approved by the independent directors of the Company's audit committee. 
  Component purchases 
  The Company has from time to time purchased components from ACF under a long-term agreement, as well as on a purchase order basis.  Under the manufacturing services agreement entered into in 1994 and amended in 2005, ACF agreed to manufacture and distribute, at the Company s instruction, various railcar components. In consideration for these services, the  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Company agreed to pay ACF based on agreed upon rates. The agreement automatically renews unless written notice is provided by the Company.   
  Also in April 2015, ARI entered into a parts purchasing and sale agreement with ACF.  Under this agreement, ARI and ACF may, from time to time, purchase and sell to each other certain parts for railcars (Parts).  ARI also provides a non-exclusive and non-assignable license of certain intellectual property to ACF related to the manufacture and sale of Parts to ARI.  The buyer under the agreement must pay the market price of the parts as determined in the agreement or as stated on a public website for all ARI buyers.  ARI may provide designs, engineering and purchasing support, including all materials and components to ACF.  Subject to certain early termination events, the agreement terminates on December 31, 2020. 
  ARI purchased   $1.5 million   and   $4.4 million   of components from ACF during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $3.7 million   and   $13.0 million   during the comparable periods in   2015  .  
  Purchasing and engineering services agreement 
  In January 2013, ARI entered into a purchasing and engineering services agreement and license with ACF. Under this agreement, ARI provides purchasing support and engineering services to ACF in connection with ACF s manufacture and sale of tank railcars at its facility in Milton, Pennsylvania. Additionally, ARI has granted ACF a non-exclusive, non-assignable license to certain of ARI s intellectual property, including certain designs, specifications, processes and manufacturing know-how required to manufacture and sell tank railcars during the term of the agreement. In November 2015, ARI and ACF amended this agreement to, among other provisions, extend the termination date to December 31, 2016 from December 31, 2015, subject to certain early termination events. 
  In consideration of the services and license provided by ARI to ACF in conjunction with the agreement, ACF pays ARI a royalty and, if any, a share of the net profits (Profits) earned on each railcar manufactured and sold by ACF under the agreement, in an aggregate amount equal to   30%   of such Profits, as calculated under the agreement. Profits are net of certain of ACF s start-up and shutdown expenses and certain maintenance capital expenditures. If no Profits are realized on a railcar manufactured and sold by ACF pursuant to the agreement, ARI will still be entitled to the royalty for such railcar and will not share in any losses incurred by ACF in connection therewith. In addition, any railcar components supplied by ARI to ACF for the manufacture of these railcars are provided at fair market value. 
  Under the agreement, ACF had the exclusive right to manufacture and sell subject tank railcars for any new orders scheduled for delivery to customers on or before January 31, 2014. ARI has the exclusive right to any sales opportunities for tank railcars for any new orders scheduled for delivery after that date and through termination of the agreement. ARI also has the right to assign any sales opportunity to ACF, and ACF has the right, but not the obligation, to accept such sales opportunity. Any sales opportunity accepted by ACF will not be reflected in ARI s orders or backlog. 
  Revenues of zero and   $0.7 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $2.7 million   and   $8.6 million   for the same periods in   2015   were recorded under this agreement for sales of railcar components to ACF and for royalties and profits on railcars sold by ACF and are included under manufacturing revenues from affiliates on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  Repair services and support agreement 
  In April 2015, ARI entered into a repair services and support agreement with ACF. Under this agreement, ARI provides certain sales and administrative and technical services, materials and purchasing support and engineering services to ACF to provide repair and retrofit services (Repair Services). Additionally, ARI provides a non-exclusive and non-assignable license of certain intellectual property related to the Repair Services for railcars. ARI receives   30%   of the net profits (as defined in the agreement) for Repair Services related to all railcars not owned by ARL or its subsidiaries and   20%   of the net profits for Repair Services related to all railcars owned by ARL or its subsidiaries, if any, but does not absorb any losses incurred by ACF.  
  Under the agreement, ARI has the exclusive right to sales opportunities related to Repair Services, except for any sales opportunity related to Repair Services presented to ACF by ARL with respect to ARL-owned railcars. ARI also has the right to assign any sales opportunities related to Repair Services to ACF, and ACF has the right, but not the obligation, to accept such sales opportunity. Subject to certain early termination events, the agreement terminates on December 31, 2020. 
  For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   revenues of less than   $0.1 million   were recorded under this agreement.  No revenues were recorded under this agreement for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Agreements with IELP Entities  
  The Company has or had the following agreements with companies controlled by Mr. Carl Icahn, the Company s principal beneficial stockholder through IELP, including, but not limited to, ARL and/or ARL's wholly-owned subsidiary, AEP Leasing LLC (collectively, the IELP Entities).  Each agreement described below has been unanimously approved by the independent directors of the Company's audit committee. 
  Railcar services agreement 
  In April 2011, the Company entered into a railcar services agreement with ARL (the Railcar Services Agreement). Under the Railcar Services Agreement, ARI provides ARL railcar repair, engineering, administrative and other services, on an as needed basis, for ARL s lease fleet at mutually agreed upon prices. The Railcar Services Agreement had an initial term of   three   years and automatically renews for additional   one   year periods unless either party provides at least sixty days prior written notice of termination.  
  Revenues of   $5.9 million   and   $21.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $5.4 million   and   $18.2 million   for the same periods in   2015  , respectively, were recorded under the Railcar Services Agreement. These revenues are included under railcar services revenues from affiliates on the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
  Railcar management agreements 
  From time to time, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries have entered into railcar management agreements with ARL, pursuant to which the Company and its respective wholly-owned subsidiaries engaged ARL to manage, sell, operate, market, store, lease, re-lease, sublease and service ARI's railcars, subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement.  These agreements provide that ARL will manage the leased railcars (as identified in the respective agreement) including arranging for services, such as repairs or maintenance, as deemed necessary. Subject to the terms and conditions of each agreement, ARL receives, in respect of leased railcars, a management fee based on the lease revenues.  
  On February 29, 2012, the Company entered into a railcar management agreement with ARL (the ARI railcar management agreement). The agreement was effective as of January 1, 2011, will continue through December 31, 2018 and thereafter it automatically renews for additional one-year periods unless written notice is received from either party at least six months prior to the expected renewal or either party chooses to terminate the agreement after a change in control (as defined therein) of the other party. In December 2012, LLI entered into a railcar management agreement with ARL (as amended in January 2014, the LLI railcar management agreement). On October 16, 2014, LLII entered into a railcar management agreement with ARL (the LLII railcar management agreement). Under the ARI and LLI railcar management agreements, in addition to the management fee, ARL receives a fee consisting of a lease origination fee, and, in respect of railcars sold by ARL, sales commissions.  
  In January 2015, in connection with the Company's refinancing of its lease fleet financings, the LLI and LLII railcar management agreements were terminated and LLIII entered into a railcar management agreement with ARL.  This agreement extends through the Notes' final maturity date of January 17, 2045, unless terminated earlier pursuant to its terms (together with the railcar management agreements discussed above, collectively the Railcar Management Agreements). 
  Total lease origination and management fees incurred under the Railcar Management Agreements were   $1.7 million   and   $5.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $2.0 million   and   $5.5 million   for the same periods in   2015  . These fees are included in cost of revenues for railcar leasing on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Sales commissions of   $0.1 million   and   $0.7 million   were incurred for each of the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million   for the same periods in   2015  . These costs are included in selling, general and administrative costs on the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
  Railcar orders 
  The Company has from time to time manufactured and sold railcars to the IELP Entities under long-term agreements as well as on a purchase order basis. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   there were no revenues from railcars sold to the IELP Entities compared to   $31.8 million   and   $208.9 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  These revenues are included in manufacturing revenues from affiliates on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Any related party sales of railcars under an agreement or purchase order have been and will be subject to the approval or review by the independent directors of the Company s audit committee. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Agreements with other related parties 
  The Company s Axis joint venture entered into a credit agreement in 2007. During 2009, the Company and the other significant partner acquired the loans from the lenders party thereto, with each party acquiring a   50.0%   interest in the loans. The balance outstanding on these loans, due to ARI Component, was   $19.2 million   and   $23.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. See Note 6, Investments in and Loans to Joint Ventures, for further information regarding this transaction and the terms of the underlying loans. 
  ARI is party to a scrap agreement with M. W. Recycling (MWR), a company controlled by Mr. Carl Icahn, the Company s principal beneficial stockholder through IELP. Under the agreement, ARI sells and MWR purchases scrap metal from several ARI plant locations. This agreement had an initial term through November 2015 and was renewed in September 2016, with an effective date in December 2015, to among other things, extend through May 2019, after which the agreement continues until terminated by either party, in accordance with the provisions of the agreement.  MWR collected scrap material totaling   $0.8 million   and   $1.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $1.1 million   and   $3.8 million   for the same periods in   2015  . This agreement was unanimously approved by the independent directors of the Company s audit committee.  
  Insight Portfolio Group LLC (Insight Portfolio Group) is an entity formed and controlled by Mr. Carl Icahn in order to maximize the potential buying power of a group of entities with which Mr. Carl Icahn has a relationship in negotiating with a wide range of suppliers of goods, services and tangible and intangible property at negotiated rates. ARI, and a number of other entities with which Mr. Carl Icahn has a relationship, have minority ownership interests in, and pay fees as part of being a member of Insight Portfolio Group.  Fees incurred as a member of the Insight Portfolio Group were less than   $0.1 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and were   $0.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  These charges are included in selling, general and administrative costs on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
  Financial information for transactions with related parties 
  Cost of revenues for manufacturing included   $19.2 million   and   $54.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $34.4 million   and   $113.8 million   for the same periods in   2015   for railcar components purchased from joint ventures. 
  Inventory as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , included   $5.9 million   and   $7.9 million  , respectively, of railcar components purchased from joint ventures and all profit for this inventory still on hand was eliminated. 
   
  Note 16   Operating Segments and Sales and Credit Concentrations 
  ARI operates in   three   reportable segments: manufacturing, railcar leasing and railcar services. These reportable segments are organized based upon a combination of the products and services offered and performance is evaluated based on revenues and segment earnings (loss) from operations. Intersegment revenues are accounted for as if sales were to third parties.  
  Manufacturing 
  Manufacturing consists of railcar manufacturing, and railcar and industrial component manufacturing. Intersegment revenues are determined based on an estimated fair market value of the railcars manufactured for the Company s railcar leasing segment, as if such railcars had been sold to a third party. Revenues for railcars manufactured for the Company s railcar leasing segment are not recognized in consolidated revenues as railcar sales, but rather lease revenues are recognized over the term of the lease. Earnings from operations for manufacturing include an allocation of selling, general and administrative costs, as well as profit for railcars manufactured for the Company s railcar leasing segment based on revenue determined as described above.  
  Railcar leasing 
  Railcar leasing consists of railcars manufactured by the Company and leased to third parties under operating leases. Earnings from operations for railcar leasing include an allocation of selling, general and administrative costs and also reflect origination fees paid to ARL associated with originating the lease to the Company s leasing customers. The origination fees represent a percentage of the revenues from the lease over its initial term and are paid up front.   
  Railcar services 
  Railcar services consists of railcar repair services provided through the Company's various repair facilities, including mini repair shops and mobile repair units, offering a range of services from full to light repair. Earnings from operations for railcar services include an allocation of selling, general and administrative costs. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Segment financial results 
  The information in the following table is derived from the segments  internal financial reports used by the Company s management for purposes of assessing segment performance and for making decisions about allocation of resources.    

19 

     Table of Contents  

20 

     Table of Contents  

Sales to Related Parties 
  As discussed in Note 15, Related Party Transactions, ARI has numerous arrangements with related parties. As a result, from time to time, ARI offers its products and services to affiliates at terms and pricing no less favorable to ARI than the terms and pricing provided to unaffiliated third parties. Below is a summary of revenue from affiliates for each operating segment reflected as a percentage of total consolidated revenues.  

Sales and Credit Concentration 
  Manufacturing revenues from customers that accounted for more than   10%   of total consolidated revenues are outlined in the table below. The railcar leasing and railcar services segments had no customers that accounted for more than 10% of the total consolidated revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

Manufacturing accounts receivable from customers that accounted for more than   10%   of consolidated receivables (including accounts receivable, net and accounts receivable, due from related parties) are outlined in the table below. The railcar leasing and railcar services segments had no customers that accounted for more than 10% of the consolidated receivables balance as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Note 17   Subsequent Events 
  On   October 26, 2016  , the board of directors of the Company declared a cash dividend of   $0.40   per share of common stock of the Company to shareholders of record as of   December 9, 2016   that will be paid on   December 22, 2016  . 
  The Company repurchased   25,139   shares under the Stock Repurchase Program subsequent to   September 30, 2016   and through   October 26, 2016  , at a cost of   $0.9 million  , resulting in   19,361,832   shares outstanding as of such date. 

21 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Some of the statements contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), including statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Such statements include, without limitation, statements regarding various estimates we have made in preparing our financial statements, statements regarding our plans, and the industry's ability, to address the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) directive (FRA Directive) released September 30, 2016, expected future trends relating to our industry, products and markets, the potential impact of regulatory developments, including developments related to, and any clarification regarding, the FRA Directive, anticipated customer demand for our products, trends relating to our shipments, leasing business, railcar services and revenues, our strategic objectives and long-term strategies, trends related to shipments for direct sale versus lease, our results of operations, financial condition and the sufficiency of our capital resources, statements regarding our projects to expand our manufacturing flexibility and repair capacity, statements regarding our capital expenditure plans, short- and long-term liquidity needs and financing plans, our Stock Repurchase Program, anticipated benefits regarding the growth of our leasing business, statements regarding the mix of railcars in our lease fleet and our lease fleet financings, anticipated production schedules for our products and the anticipated production schedules of our joint ventures, our backlog, our plans regarding future dividends and the anticipated performance and capital requirements of our joint ventures. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. 
  Risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business and prospects include without limitation: 
             
    our prospects in light of the cyclical nature of our business; 
                
    the health of and prospects for the overall railcar industry; 
                
    the risk of being unable to market or remarket railcars for sale or lease at favorable prices or on favorable terms or at all; 
                
    fluctuations in commodity prices, including oil and gas; 
                
    risks relating to our compliance with the FRA directive and any costs or loss of revenue related thereto, including risks that the FRA may not provide any further clarification regarding the FRA Directive or, if it does, what those clarifications may entail;  
                
    the impact, costs and expenses of any claims and/or litigation we may be subject to now or in the future; 
                
    risks relating to our compliance with, and the overall railcar industry's implementation of, United States and Canadian regulations related to the transportation of flammable liquids by rail released on May 1, 2015; 
                
    the highly competitive nature of the manufacturing, railcar leasing and railcar services industries; 
                
    the variable purchase patterns of our railcar customers and the timing of completion, customer acceptance and shipment of orders, as well as the mix of railcars for lease versus direct sale;  
                
    our ability to manage overhead and variations in production rates; 
                
    our ability to recruit, retain and train adequate numbers of qualified personnel; 
                
    the impact of an economic downturn, adverse market conditions and restricted credit markets; 
                
    our reliance upon a small number of customers that represent a large percentage of our revenues and backlog; 
                
    fluctuations in the costs of raw materials, including steel and railcar components, and delays in the delivery of such raw materials and components; 
                
    fluctuations in the supply of components and raw materials we use in railcar manufacturing; 
                
    the ongoing risks related to our relationship with Mr. Carl Icahn, our principal beneficial stockholder through Icahn Enterprises L.P. (IELP), and certain of his affiliates;  
                
    the sufficiency of our liquidity and capital resources, including long-term capital needs to further support the growth of our lease fleet; 
                
    the impact of repurchases pursuant to our Stock Repurchase Program on our current liquidity and the ownership percentage of our principal beneficial stockholder through IELP, Mr. Carl Icahn; 
                
    the risks associated with our current joint ventures and anticipated capital needs of, and production at our joint ventures; 
                
    the conversion of our railcar backlog into revenues equal to our reported estimated backlog value; 
                
    the risks associated with ongoing compliance with environmental, health, safety, and regulatory laws and regulations, which may be subject to change; 
     
   22 

     Table of Contents  

the risks and impact associated with potential joint ventures, acquisitions, strategic opportunities or new business endeavors; 
                
    the implementation, integration with other systems and ongoing management of our new enterprise resource planning system; and 
                
    the risks related to our and our subsidiaries' indebtedness and compliance with covenants contained in our and our subsidiaries' financing arrangements. 
     In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   projects,   predicts,   potential  and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results could be different from the results described in or anticipated by our forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty of estimates, forecasts and projections and may be materially better or worse than anticipated. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. We expressly disclaim any duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, after the date of this report, in order to reflect changes in circumstances or expectations or the occurrence of unanticipated events except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. All of the forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed above and under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (Annual Report), as well as the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this report and the Annual Report. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. We caution you that these risks are not exhaustive. We operate in a continually changing business environment and new risks emerge from time to time. 
   
  EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
  We are one of the leading North American designers and manufacturers of hopper and tank railcars, which are currently the two largest markets within the railcar industry. We provide our railcar customers with integrated solutions through a comprehensive set of high quality products and related services offered by our three reportable segments: manufacturing, railcar leasing and railcar services. Manufacturing consists of railcar manufacturing and railcar and industrial component manufacturing. We use certain of these components in our own railcar manufacturing and/or sell certain of these products to third parties. Railcar leasing consists of railcars manufactured by us and leased to third parties under operating leases. Railcar services consist of railcar repair, engineering and field services. Our business model combines manufacturing, railcar leasing and railcar services and is designed to support the industry with complete railcar solutions over the railcar life cycle. 
  The tank railcar market continues to soften at a faster pace than most other railcar markets as demand has shifted to more specialized railcars for non-energy related service as a result of the over saturation of that market in recent years.  As the industry is facing lower railcar loadings and increased rail speeds along with volatility in oil prices, more railcars are being placed into storage, resulting in lower fleet utilization for much of the industry.  As a result of these macro-economic factors, we are also seeing reduced inquiry activity for hopper railcars, indicating the softening of that market as well.  We expect our backlog of   5,085   railcars,   1,904   of which will go to our lease fleet, will help us maintain a steady level of production through the early part of 2017.   
  Our earnings contributed to cash flow from operations in the first   nine   months of   2016   of   $148.7 million  .  Our current liquidity of   $398.0 million  , including $200.0 million available under our revolving credit facility provides us with the ability to further grow our lease fleet, as demand may dictate. Our consolidated operating margin was   11.1%   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and was largely supported by the growth of our railcar leasing segment with a lease fleet of   10,961   railcars at September 30, 2016, partially offset by the loss contingency of   $17.0 million   recorded during the third quarter of 2016 as a result of the FRA Directive discussed below. Railcars built for our lease fleet represented   27.4%   of our total railcar shipments during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   48.1%   for the same period in   2015  . Because revenues and earnings related to leased railcars are recognized over the life of the lease, our quarterly results may vary depending on the mix of lease versus direct sale railcars that we ship during a given period. Since 2011, we have strategically grown our lease fleet to include a mix of tank and hopper railcars for varying types of service.  Although the industry is experiencing declining lease rates as a result of the softness in the overall market, the expiration dates of our operating leases for railcars in our lease fleet are spread over the next several years, which helps mitigate the risks of renewing leases at lower rates or any inability we may experience in renewing or re-leasing these railcars.  Adding railcars to our lease fleet remains a priority to us, as we strategically target key customers and key railcar types to meet the needs of our customers. 
  Our railcar services business continues to support the industry, offering repair services over the railcar life cycle.  We have expanded this business to add flexibility and capacity and we expect another expansion project in our repair network to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2016.  Our existing repair network stands ready to respond to additional demand opportunities that may arise, including our tank railcar manufacturing facility that provides us the flexibility to not only produce railcars but also to perform traditional repair and retrofit services in a production line set-up.  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

The flexibility of our workforce and the direction of our knowledgeable management team provides us with the ability to effectively adjust our production rates in an effort to align them with industry trends. Even at lower production levels, we continue to efficiently produce high quality hopper and tank railcars. During the   third   quarter of   2016  , we shipped   1,177   railcars, which is   38.3%   lower than that of the same period in   2015  .  We cannot assure you that hopper or tank railcar demand will maintain its current pace, that demand for any railcar types or railcar services will improve, or that our railcar backlog, orders or shipments will track industry-wide trends. 
  FRA Directive 
  On September 30, 2016, the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) released Railworthiness Directive Number 2016-01 (FRA Directive or Directive), as discussed in Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements located in Part I, Item 1 of this report. The FRA Directive addressed certain welding practices in one weld area in specified DOT 111 tank railcars manufactured between 2009 and 2015 by ARI and ACF Industries LLC (ACF).  ACF is an affiliate of Mr. Carl Icahn, the Company's principal beneficial stockholder through IELP.  The FRA Directive requires owners of subject railcars to identify tank railcars in their respective fleets covered by the FRA Directive by October 30, 2016 and to ensure appropriate inspection, testing and repairs, if needed, during a period that ranges from 12 to 24 months from September 30, 2016, depending on the commodity service of the railcar.  The FRA became involved as a result of one tank railcar manufactured by ARI having a leak identified in 2014. The Directive indicated that approximately 14,800 general purpose tank railcars could be subject to its requirements. The Directive reported that approximately 15% of railcar inspections reviewed by the FRA had weld conditions and the FRA has suggested that, over time, those conditions could develop cracks and lead to leaks. In collaboration with the FRA, ARI and other parties selected for inspection a representative sample of the total population of subject railcars, which was approved by the FRA.  
  We met with the FRA in October 2016, to express our concerns with the Directive and its impact on ARI, as well as the industry as a whole. We understand the FRA is reviewing our concerns. We are working with the FRA, our customers and industry groups to determine next steps to comply with the Directive.  We cannot assure that the FRA will formally provide any clarifications of the Directive in a timely manner, if at all, or that any such clarifications would reduce our or other owners' obligations under the FRA Directive.  
  We have evaluated our potential exposure related to the FRA Directive and have established a loss contingency of   $17.0 million   to cover our probable and estimable liabilities, as of September 30, 2016, with respect to our remedial response to the FRA Directive, taking into account currently available information and our contractual obligations in our capacity as both a manufacturer and lessor of railcars subject to the FRA Directive.  This amount is included in accrued expenses and taxes on the condensed consolidated balance sheet and will continue to be evaluated as our and our customers' compliance with the FRA Directive progresses and our understanding of the impact the FRA Directive may have on our business, including results of operations and cash flows, evolves.  We cannot assure you that the amount we have established as a loss contingency is adequate to cover actual costs or losses we may experience. 
  
   24 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Consolidated Results 

* - Not Meaningful 
  Revenues 
  Our total consolidated revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased by   16.0%   and   25.0%  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015  . These decreases were due to decreased revenues in our manufacturing segment, partially offset by increased revenues in our railcar leasing and railcar services segments.   
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we shipped   855   direct sale railcars, which excludes   322   railcars (  27.4%   of total shipments) built for our lease fleet, compared to   990   direct sale railcars for the same period of   2015  , which excludes   918   railcars (  48.1%   of total shipments) built for our lease fleet.  
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we shipped   2,917   direct sale railcars, which excludes   607   railcars (  17.2%   of total shipments) built for our lease fleet, compared to   4,385   direct sale railcars for the same period of   2015  , which excludes   2,588   railcars (  37.1%   of total shipments) built for our lease fleet.  
  Manufacturing revenues decreased by   24.1%   during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  Given the decrease in tank railcar demand and a shift in production to a larger mix of specialty railcars, tank railcar shipments have decreased. Hopper railcar production has also shifted to a larger mix of specialty railcars and demand for that market is beginning to soften, resulting in fewer overall shipments, although hopper railcar shipments for direct sale have increased with a lower percentage going to our lease fleet compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease in manufacturing revenues was due to a decrease of   20.2%   driven by   135   fewer overall railcar shipments for direct sale, a higher mix of hopper railcars sold, which generally have lower average selling prices than tank railcars due to less material and labor content, and more competitive pricing on both hopper and tank railcars. The remaining decrease of   3.9%   was due to lower revenues from material cost changes that we generally pass through to customers, as discussed below.   
  Manufacturing revenues decreased by   35.7%   during the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of   2015  .  This change was due to a decrease of   34.1%   driven by a decrease in both hopper and tank railcar shipments for direct sale, a higher mix of hopper railcars sold, and more competitive pricing on both hopper and tank railcars.  In total, we  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

shipped   1,468   fewer direct sale railcars during the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . The remaining decrease of   1.6%   was due to lower revenues from material cost changes that we generally pass through to customers, as discussed below.   
  Railcar leasing revenues increased by   5.2%   and   17.6%   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same   periods   in   2015   due primarily to an increase in the number of railcars in our lease fleet, partially offset by a slight decline in weighted average lease rates. The lease fleet grew to   10,961   railcars at   September 30, 2016   from   10,317   railcars at   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Railcar services revenues increased by   2.4%   and   5.7%   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same   periods   in   2015   due to the additional capacity resulting from our expansion projects that continue to ramp up in 2016. 
  Cost of revenues 
  Our total consolidated cost of revenues increased by   6.3%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   due to increased cost of revenues across all three of our segments, with the manufacturing segment being negatively impacted by the loss contingency recognized during the third quarter of 2016 related to the FRA Directive, as discussed further below. 
  Our total consolidated cost of revenues decreased by   19.3%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   due to decreased cost of revenues in our manufacturing segment that were partially offset by the loss contingency recognized during the third quarter of 2016 related to the FRA Directive.  The overall decrease from the manufacturing segment was partially offset by an increase in our railcar leasing and railcar services segments. 
  Cost of revenues (excluding the other operating loss attributable to the manufacturing segment, as discussed below) decreased for our manufacturing segment by   12.6%   and   29.5%   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015   due to a decrease of   7.3%   and   27.4%  , respectively, driven by lower overall railcar shipments for direct sale partially offset by increased costs associated with the production of more specialized hopper railcars, as discussed above, and a decrease of   5.3%   and   2.1%  , respectively, driven by lower material costs for key components and steel, which is also reflected as a decrease in selling prices as our practice is to generally pass changes in these costs through to the customer.  
  Also included as a component of manufacturing cost of revenues was the other operating loss of   $17.0 million  , which represents a loss contingency recognized during the third quarter of 2016 to cover our probable and estimable liabilities, as of September 30, 2016, with respect to our remedial response to the FRA Directive, taking into account currently available information and our contractual obligations in our capacity as both a manufacturer and lessor of railcars subject to the FRA Directive. For further discussion, refer to the Executive Summary above and Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements located in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
  Cost of revenues for our railcar leasing segment increased by   8.9%   and   17.8%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same   periods   in   2015   primarily as a result of an increase in the number of railcars in our lease fleet, as discussed above.  
  Cost of revenues for our railcar services segment increased by   6.0%   and   6.9%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same   periods   in   2015  , primarily due to an increase in volume of work and costs associated with the ramp up of operations at our recently completed expansion projects, as discussed above, as well as higher depreciation expenses.  
  Selling, general and administrative expenses 
  Our total consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses were   $6.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $7.8 million   for the same period in   2015  .  This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in compensation expense and lower consulting expenses, partially offset by an increase in share-based compensation expense and other corporate expenses.  The increase in share based compensation expense was driven by the increase in our stock price of $2 per share during the third quarter of 2016 compared to a decrease of $12 per share during the same period in 2015.  
  Our total consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses were   $21.8 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $20.8 million   for the same period in   2015  .  This increase was primarily due to lower consulting expenses and lower share-based compensation expense in the first nine months of 2015 as well as higher  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

depreciation related to our new enterprise resource planning system in 2016, partially offset by a decrease in compensation expense.  
  Interest expense 
  Our total consolidated interest expense remained flat when comparing the third quarter of 2016 to the same period in 2015.  Our total consolidated interest expense increased by   $1.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . This increase was primarily driven by a higher average debt balance during the first   nine   months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Loss on debt extinguishment 
  In January 2015, we refinanced our lease fleet financing facilities, resulting in net proceeds of   $211.6 million   under a private placement of secured railcar equipment notes.  This refinancing resulted in a $2.1 million non-cash charge related to the accelerated write-off of the remainder of deferred debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the 2014 lease fleet financing facilities.  
  Earnings (Loss) from Joint Ventures 
  The breakdown of our earnings (loss) from joint ventures during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

Our joint venture earnings were   $1.6 million   and   $4.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to earnings of   $1.4 million   and   $5.3 million   for the same   periods   in   2015  . Our Ohio Castings joint venture has experienced decreased sales in 2016 due to a ramp down of production from the high levels experienced in 2015 to more historical levels that align with the joint venture's expected production level, which is in line with expected industry demand. Our Axis joint venture has also ramped down production in 2016 in line with expected industry demand, but even with lower production levels earnings remain strong for Axis, reflecting improved efficiencies and better profitability.  
  Income Tax Expense 
  Our income tax expense was   $4.9 million  , or   38.7%   of our earnings before income taxes, and   $31.1 million  , or   38.2%   of our earnings before income taxes for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $16.7 million  , or   36.3%   of our earnings before income taxes, and   $56.6 million  , or   36.8%   for the same   periods   in   2015  . The increase in our effective tax rate is primarily due to a decrease in our domestic production activities deduction. 
  Segment Results 
  The table below summarizes our historical revenues, earnings from operations and operating margin for the periods shown. Intersegment revenues are accounted for as if sales were to third parties. Operating margin is defined as total segment earnings from operations as a percentage of total segment revenues. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of operating results that may be expected in the future.    
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Manufacturing 
  Our manufacturing segment revenues, including an estimate of revenues for railcars built for our lease fleet, decreased by   $105.0 million   and   $424.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  .  These decreases resulted from a lower volume of shipments, as discussed below, an overall decrease in average selling prices with a higher mix of hopper railcars, which generally sell at lower prices than tank railcars due to less material and labor  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

content, more competitive pricing on both hopper and tank railcars, and a decrease in revenue from material cost changes that we generally pass through to customers, as discussed in 'Consolidated Results' above. 
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , we shipped   1,177   railcars, including   322   railcars built for our lease fleet, compared to   1,908   railcars for the same period of   2015  , including   918   railcars built for our lease fleet. During the first   nine   months of   2016  , we shipped   3,524   railcars, including   607   railcars built for our lease fleet, compared to   6,973   railcars for the same period of   2015  , including   2,588   railcars built for our lease fleet.  
  Manufacturing segment revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included estimated revenues of   $31.3 million   and   $64.2 million   relating to railcars built for our lease fleet compared to   $106.5 million   and   $314.0 million   for the same periods in   2015  . These decreases in estimated revenues related to railcars built for our lease fleet were due to lower quantities of both tank and hopper railcars shipped for lease. Such revenues are based on an estimated fair market value of the leased railcars as if they had been sold to a third party, and are eliminated in consolidation. Revenues from railcars manufactured for our railcar leasing segment are not recognized in consolidated revenues as railcar sales, but rather lease revenues are recognized over the term of the lease in accordance with the monthly lease revenues. Railcars built for the lease fleet represented   27.4%   and   17.2%   of our railcar shipments during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   48.1%   and   37.1%   of our railcar shipments during the same   periods   in 2015. 
  From time to time, we manufacture and sell railcars to companies controlled by Mr. Carl Icahn, our principal beneficial stockholder through IELP, including, but not limited to, American Railcar Leasing LLC (ARL) and ARL's wholly-owned subsidiary, AEP Leasing LLC (AEP) (collectively, the IELP Entities). Our manufacturing segment had no direct sales of railcars to the IELP Entities during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to our focus on growing our own lease fleet.  During the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015, we had   $31.8 million   and   $208.9 million   of direct sales of railcars to the IELP Entities. In addition, we recorded zero and   $0.7 million   of revenue from ACF Industries LLC (ACF) for royalties and profits on railcars sold by ACF and for sales of railcar components to ACF during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $2.7 million   and   $8.6 million   for the same periods in   2015  . ACF is also affiliated with Mr. Carl Icahn. Total manufacturing segment revenues from our affiliates represent less than 0.1% and   0.2%   of our total consolidated revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   20.0%   and   34.6%   for the same   periods   in   2015  .  
  Earnings from operations for our manufacturing segment, which include an allocation of selling, general and administrative costs, as well as estimated profit for railcars manufactured for our railcar leasing segment, decreased by   $57.8 million   and   $159.9 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  . Estimated profit on railcars built for our lease fleet, which is eliminated in consolidation, was   $3.2 million   and   $7.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $24.7 million   and   $85.5 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The estimated profit on railcars built for our lease fleet is based on an estimated fair market value of revenues as if the railcars had been sold to a third party, less the cost to manufacture.  
  Operating margin from our manufacturing segment decreased to   (2.2)%   and   9.4%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   23.9%   and   24.3%   for the same periods in   2015  . These decreases for both earnings from operations and operating margin were due to the impact of the loss contingency related to the FRA Directive recognized by the manufacturing segment of   $17.0 million   during the third quarter of 2016, as discussed above. Furthermore, during 2016, we have had a higher mix of hopper railcar shipments, which generally sell at lower prices than tank railcars due to less material and labor content, in addition to more competitive pricing on both hopper and tank railcars and higher costs associated with the lower production rates at our tank railcar manufacturing facility.  
  Railcar Leasing 
  Our railcar leasing segment revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by   $1.6 million   and   $14.8 million  , respectively, compared to the same   periods   in   2015  . The increase in revenues was driven by an increase in railcars on lease with third parties. 
  Earnings from operations for our railcar leasing segment, which include an allocation of selling, general and administrative costs, increased by   $0.7 million   and   $8.9 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . This increase is primarily due to the growth in the number of railcars in our lease fleet.  Operating margin from our railcar leasing segment decreased to   58.9%   from   59.7%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . This decrease was due to slightly lower lease rates on certain renewals. Operating margin from our railcar leasing segment remained relatively flat at   60.0%   and   59.9%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Railcar Services 
  Our railcar services segment revenues remained flat at   $18.8 million   for both the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and the same period in 2015, while increasing by   $4.0 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . This increase was primarily due to the additional capacity resulting from our expansion projects that continue to ramp up in 2016, as discussed above. 
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our railcar services segment revenues included transactions with ARL totaling   $5.9 million  , or   4.1%   of our total consolidated revenues, and   $21.2 million  , or   4.5%   of our total consolidated revenues, respectively, compared to   $5.4 million  , or   3.1%   and   $18.2 million  , or   2.9%   of our total consolidated revenues for the same   periods   in   2015  .  
  Earnings from operations for our railcar services segment, which include an allocation of selling, general and administrative costs, decreased by   $0.7 million   and   $0.8 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015  . Operating margins for this segment decreased to   14.9%   and   15.7%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   18.4%   and   18.3%   for the same   periods   in   2015  .  These decreases are due to costs associated with the ramp up of operations at our recently completed expansion projects as well as higher depreciation expenses, as discussed above and additional administrative support expenses to foster anticipated growth of this segment during the first half of 2016. 
   
  BACKLOG 
  We define backlog as the number and estimated market value of railcars that our customers have committed in writing to purchase or lease from us that have not been shipped. As of   September 30, 2016  , our total backlog was   5,085   railcars, of which   3,181   railcars with an estimated market value of   $311.2 million   were orders for direct sale and   1,904   railcars with an estimated market value of   $179.1 million   were orders for railcars that will be subject to lease.  As of   December 31, 2015  , our total backlog was   7,081   railcars, of which   5,629   railcars with an estimated market value of   $550.1 million   were orders for direct sale and   1,452   railcars with an estimated market value of   $144.7 million   were orders for railcars that will be subject to lease. Our entire backlog as of   December 31, 2015   related to railcars for non-affiliated customers. 
  Railcars for Sale.   As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   62.5%   of the total number of railcars in our backlog were railcars for direct sale. Estimated backlog value of railcars for direct sale reflects the total revenues expected as if such backlog were converted to actual revenues at the end of the particular period.  
  Railcars for Lease  . As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   37.5%   of the total number of railcars in our backlog were for lease orders. Estimated backlog value of railcars for lease reflects the estimated market value of each railcar.  Actual revenues for railcars subject to lease are recognized per the terms of the lease and are not based on the estimated backlog value.  
  Customer orders may be subject to requests for delays in deliveries, inspection rights and other customary industry terms and conditions, which could prevent or delay railcars in our backlog from being shipped and converted into revenue. In addition, from time to time, certain orders may be subject to changes from lease to direct sale, or vice versa, which could impact the timing of conversion of orders into revenue because lease revenues are recognized over the term of the lease. Historically, we have experienced little variation between the number of railcars ordered and the number of railcars actually delivered. For all of the reasons discussed above, we cannot guarantee that our reported railcar backlog will convert to revenue in any particular period, if at all, nor can we guarantee that the actual revenue from these orders will equal our reported estimated market value or that our future revenue efforts will be successful. 
  The reported backlog includes railcars relating to purchase or lease obligations based upon an assumed product mix consistent with past orders. Changes in product mix from what is assumed would affect the estimated market value of our backlog. Estimated market value reflects known price adjustments for material cost changes but does not reflect a projection of any future material price adjustments that are generally provided for in our customer contracts. 
   
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had net working capital of   $241.1 million  , including   $198.0 million   of cash and cash equivalents. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $582.5 million   of debt outstanding under an indenture entered into by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Longtrain Leasing III, LLC (LLIII), and we also had up to $200.0 million available to us under a revolving loan, as discussed further below. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Outstanding and Available Debt 
  Subsidiary lease fleet financings 
  In January 2015, we refinanced the Longtrain Leasing I, LLC (LLI) and Longtrain Leasing II, LLC (LLII) lease fleet financing facilities to, among other things, increase our borrowings.  LLIII issued $625.5 million in aggregate principal amount of notes, pursuant to an indenture (the Indenture).  The notes are fixed rate secured railcar equipment notes bearing interest at a rate of 2.98% per annum for the Class A-1 Notes and 4.06% per annum for the Class A-2 Notes (collectively with the Class A-1 Notes, the Notes).  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $207.0 million   and   $375.5 million   of Class A-1 and Class A-2 notes outstanding, respectively. The Notes have a legal final maturity date of January 17, 2045 and an expected principal repayment date of January 15, 2025.  
  Pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, LLIII is required to maintain deposits in a liquidity reserve bank account equal to nine months of interest payments.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the liquidity reserve amount was   $16.1 million   and   $16.9 million  , respectively, and included within 'Restricted cash' on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  While the legal final maturity date of the Notes is January 17, 2045, cash flows from LLIII's assets will be applied, pursuant to the flow of funds provisions of the Indenture, so as to achieve monthly targeted principal balances.  Also, under the flow of funds provisions of the Indenture, early amortization of the Notes may be required in certain circumstances.  If the Notes are not repaid by the expected principal repayment date on January 15, 2025, additional interest will accrue at a rate of 5.0% per annum and be payable monthly according to the flow of funds. LLIII can prepay or redeem the Class A-1 Notes, in whole or in part, on any payment date, subject to the payment of a make-whole amount with respect to certain prepayments or redemptions made on or prior to the scheduled payment date occurring in January 2018.  LLIII can prepay or redeem the Class A-2 Notes, in whole or in part, on any payment date occurring on or after January 16, 2018, subject to the payment of a make-whole amount with respect to certain prepayments or redemptions made on or prior to the scheduled payment date occurring in January 2022.  
  The Indenture also contains certain customary events of default, including among others, failure to pay amounts when due after applicable grace periods, failure to comply with certain covenants and agreements, and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. Certain events of default under the Indenture will make the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest on the Notes, together with all amounts then due and owing to the noteholders, immediately due and payable without further action. For other events of default, the Indenture Trustee, acting at the direction of a majority of the noteholders, may declare the principal of and accrued interest on all Notes then outstanding to be due and payable immediately. 
  The Notes are obligations of LLIII, are generally non-recourse to ARI, and are secured by a first lien on the subject assets of LLIII consisting of railcars, railcar leases, receivables and related assets, subject to limited exceptions. ARI has, however, entered into agreements containing certain representations, undertakings, and indemnities customary for asset sellers and parent companies in transactions of this type, and ARI is obligated to make any selections of transfers of railcars, railcar leases, receivables and related assets to be transferred to LLIII without any adverse selection, to cause ARL, as the manager, to maintain, lease, and re-lease LLIII's equipment no less favorably than similar portfolios serviced by ARL, and to repurchase or replace certain railcars under certain conditions set forth in the respective financing documents. 
  ARI lease fleet financings 
  In December 2015, we completed a financing of our railcar lease fleet with availability of up to $200.0 million under a credit agreement (2015 Credit Agreement). The 2015 Credit Agreement contains an incremental borrowing provision under which ARI, as debtor and subject to the conditions set forth in the 2015 Credit Agreement, has the right but not the obligation to increase the amount of the facility in an aggregate amount of up to $100.0 million (the amounts extended under the 2015 Credit Agreement, inclusive of any amounts extended under the incremental facility, the Revolving Loans), to a maximum principal amount of $300.0 million. We may use the proceeds of the Revolving Loans to finance the manufacturing of railcars on an ongoing basis, to pay related transaction costs, fees and expenses in connection with the 2015 Credit Agreement, to finance ongoing working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. The initial Revolving Loan obtained at closing amounted to approximately $99.5 million, net of fees and expenses. In February 2016, we repaid amounts outstanding under the Revolving Loan in full and as of the date of this report we have borrowing availability of $200.0 million under this facility. 
  The Revolving Loans accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted LIBOR (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) for the applicable interest period, plus 1.45%, subject to an alternative rate as set forth in the 2015 Credit Agreement. The interest rate increases by 2.0% following certain defaults or maturity. 
  The Revolving Loans and the other obligations under the 2015 Credit Agreement are fully recourse to the Company and are secured by a first lien and security interest on certain specified railcars (together with specified replacement railcars), related leases, related receivables and related assets, subject to limited exceptions, a controlled bank account, and following an election  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

by the Company (the Election), the applicable railcar management agreement with ARL. See Note 15, Related Party Transactions, for further discussion regarding this agreement with ARL. 
  Subject to the provisions of the 2015 Credit Agreement, the Revolving Loans may be borrowed and reborrowed until the maturity date. The Revolving Loans may be prepaid at the Company s option at any time without premium or penalty (other than customary LIBOR breakage fees and customary reimbursement of increased costs). 
  The Revolving Loans are also subject to acceleration upon and following specified events of default. The 2015 Credit Agreement contains certain representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants applicable to us and, following the Election, ARL, which are customarily applicable to senior secured facilities. Key defaults and events of default include failure to repay principal, interest, fees and other amounts owed under the 2015 Credit Agreement; making misrepresentations; cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness of the Company; the rendering of certain judgments against the Company; impermissible transfers of equipment; occurrence of a Material Adverse Change (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement); and the Company s bankruptcy or insolvency. Many defaults are subject to cure periods prior to such default giving rise to the right of the lenders and administrative agent to accelerate the Revolving Loans and to exercise remedies. 
  If a default occurs and is not cured within any applicable grace period or is not waived, the lenders and the administrative agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the 2015 Credit Agreement. If the indebtedness under the 2015 Credit Agreement were accelerated, the Company may not have sufficient funds to pay such indebtedness. In that event, the lenders and the administrative agent would be entitled to enforce their security interests in the collateral securing such indebtedness. 
  Cash Flows 
  The following table summarizes our change in cash and cash equivalents: 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 
  Cash flows from operating activities are affected by several factors, including fluctuations in business volume, contract terms for billings and collections, the timing of collections on our accounts receivables, processing of payroll and associated taxes and payments to our suppliers. 
  Our net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $148.7 million   compared to net cash provided by operating activities of   $167.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . This decrease was primarily due to decreased earnings, as described above, and changes in various operating assets and liabilities, including income taxes receivable and accrued expenses and taxes, as well as accounts receivable, inventories, and accounts payable, due to the timing of shipments and customer payments. 
  Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
  Our net cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $88.8 million   compared to   $235.6 million   in the same period in   2015  . The decrease was a result of reduced spending on leased railcars and capital expenditures during the first   nine   months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, partially offset by the purchase of short-term investments during the third quarter of 2016.  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Financing Activities 
  Our net cash used in financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $159.9 million   compared to net cash provided by financing activities of   $109.3 million   for the same period in   2015  . The cash used in financing activities during the first   nine   months of 2016 was a result of the $100.0 million repayment of our Revolving Loan and repurchases of   $17.4 million   of shares of our common stock under a stock repurchase program (the Stock Repurchase Program), as described further below. The cash provided by financing activities during the first nine months of 2015 was a result of the   $211.6 million   in net proceeds that we received from the January 2015 lease fleet refinancing, as discussed above, partially offset by the related debt issuance costs of   $5.3 million  . 
  Capital Expenditures 
  We continuously evaluate facility requirements based on our strategic plans, production requirements and market demand and may elect to change our level of capital investments in the future. These investments are all based on an analysis of the estimated rates of return and impact on our profitability. We continue to pursue opportunities to reduce our costs through continued vertical integration of component parts. From time to time, we may expand our business by acquiring other businesses or pursuing other strategic growth opportunities including, without limitation, joint ventures. 
  Capital expenditures for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $69.4 million   for manufacturing railcars for lease to others and   $16.0 million   for capitalized projects that we expect will continue to expand our business, maintain equipment, improve efficiencies and reduce costs. Our current capital expenditure plans for the remainder of 2016 include projects that we expect will maintain equipment, improve efficiencies, reduce costs, expand our business, and add to our railcar lease fleet. We cannot assure you that we will be able to complete any of our projects on a timely basis or within budget, if at all, or that our capital expenditures will align with industry demand for our products and services.  
  Future Liquidity 
  Our current liquidity consists of our existing cash balance, anticipated cash flows from operations, and borrowing availability of $200.0 million under the 2015 Credit Agreement.  We expect to require additional financing over and above our current liquidity position to continue to grow our leasing business, as demand may dictate.  
  Additionally, we expect our future cash flows from operations could be impacted by the state of the credit markets and the overall economy, the number of railcar orders we receive, our shipments and our production rates, as well as costs and expenses related to our compliance with governmental and industry regulations and requirements, including but not limited to the FRA Directive. Our future liquidity may also be impacted by the number of railcar orders we receive for lease versus direct sale. However, we believe we have a strong balance sheet with good borrowing capacity based on, among other things, our ability to use any unencumbered railcars in our lease fleet as collateral in any future financing transaction.  
  Our long-term liquidity is contingent upon future operating performance, our wholly-owned leasing subsidiary's ability to continue to meet its financial covenants under the Indenture, our ability to satisfy covenants under any other future indebtedness we may enter into, and the ability to repay or refinance any such indebtedness as it becomes due. We may also require additional capital in the future to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions or other investments, including additions to our lease fleet, and to comply with governmental and industry regulations and requirements. These capital requirements could be substantial.  
  Other potential projects, including possible strategic transactions that could complement and expand our business units, will be evaluated to determine if the project or opportunity is right for us. We anticipate that any future expansion of our business will be financed through existing resources, cash flow from operations, term debt associated directly with that project or other new financing. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to meet existing financial covenants or obtain term debt or other new financing on favorable terms, if at all.  Our liquidity will be impacted to the extent additional stock repurchases are made under the Stock Repurchase Program noted below. 
  Stock Repurchase Program 
  On July 28, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250.0 million of our outstanding common stock.  The Stock Repurchase Program will end upon the earlier of the date on which it is terminated by the Board or when all authorized repurchases are completed.  The timing and amount of stock repurchases, if any, will be determined based upon our evaluation of market conditions and other factors.  The Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time and we have no obligation to repurchase any amount of our common stock under the Stock Repurchase Program.  Under the Stock Repurchase program,   12,784   and   457,560   shares were repurchased, during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, at a cost of   $0.5 million   and   $17.4 million  , respectively. We have  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

repurchased   25,139   shares under our Stock Repurchase Program subsequent to   September 30, 2016   and through   October 26, 2016  , at a cost of   $0.9 million  , resulting in   19,361,832   shares outstanding as of such date. As of   September 30, 2016  , board authorization for approximately   $175.2 million   remains available for further stock repurchases. 
  Contractual Obligations and Contingencies 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our gross outstanding debt decreased to   $582.5 million   from   $701.8 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , primarily in connection with the repayment of the Revolving Loan, as discussed above. Refer to the status of other contingencies and contractual obligations in Notes 8 - 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. Other than the decrease in our borrowings and the impact of our establishment of an   $17.0 million   loss contingency described in Note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements, our contractual obligations and contingencies did not materially change from the information disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  Other than operating leases, we have no other off-balance sheet arrangements. 
   
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  The critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements that we believe affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements presented in this report are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies or estimates that were included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Recent accounting pronouncements 
  See Note 2, Recent Accounting Pronouncements, to the condensed consolidated financial statements located in Part I, Item I of this report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to us. 
   
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  There have been no material changes in our market risks as previously disclosed in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Disclosure controls and procedures 
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), our management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the Evaluation Date). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
  There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   34 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  See Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements located in Part I, Item I of this report, which is incorporated by reference into this Part II, Item 1, for a description of the litigation, legal and administrative proceedings. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  The following risk factor should be considered carefully in addition to the other information contained in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (our  Annual Report ), including the risk factors identified in Part I-Item 1A (Risk Factors) of our Annual Report. This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,  above. Our actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or that are currently deemed immaterial may also adversely affect our business operations. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We undertake no obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
  We may incur significant costs, loss to reputation and further regulatory action as a result of the issuance of the FRA Directive, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to access capital.  
  On September 30, 2016, the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) released Railworthiness Directive Number 2016-01 (the FRA Directive).  The FRA Directive addressed certain welding practices in one weld area in specified DOT 111 tank railcars manufactured between 2009 and 2015 by ARI and ACF Industries LLC (ACF).  ACF is an affiliate of Mr. Carl Icahn, our principal beneficial stockholder through IELP.  The FRA became involved as a result of one tank railcar manufactured by ARI having a leak identified in 2014.  The FRA Directive indicated that approximately 14,800 general purpose tank railcars could be subject to the FRA Directive.  The Directive reported that approximately 15% of railcar inspections reviewed by the FRA had weld conditions and the FRA has suggested that, over time, those conditions could develop cracks and lead to leaks. The FRA Directive requires owners of subject railcars to identify tank railcars in their respective fleets covered by the FRA Directive by October 30, 2016 and to ensure appropriate inspection, testing and repairs, if needed, during a period that ranges from 12 to 24 months from September 30, 2016, depending on the commodity service of the railcar.  
  Owners, including the Company as a railcar lessor, and lessees of the subject railcars will likely incur costs associated with compliance with the FRA Directive, including but not limited to, freight costs for transporting covered railcars to and from repair facilities, and costs of inspection, cleaning and repair, if necessary. We, and other lessors of subject railcars, may also experience loss of revenue during periods of rent abatement, if applicable, as a result of railcars being out of service due to compliance with the FRA Directive.   
  In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, as of September 30, 2016, we have established a loss contingency of   $17.0 million   to cover our probable and estimable liabilities with respect to our remedial response to the FRA Directive, taking into account currently available information and our contractual obligations in our capacity as both a manufacturer and lessor of railcars subject to the FRA Directive. Subsequent developments with respect to the FRA Directive may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
  Our overall costs of compliance with the FRA Directive beyond the probable and estimable liabilities discussed above cannot currently be reasonably estimated and we cannot assure you that the amount of our loss contingency accrual is adequate to cover our actual costs and losses.  Such costs may be substantial and may not be adequately covered by insurance, if at all, and could include costs relating to, among others: 
             
    applicable warranties and leasing arrangements; 
                
    implementing changes to our manufacturing personnel or processes; and 
                
    claims, litigation, settlements and/or regulatory proceedings. 
     
   35 

     Table of Contents  

Complying with the FRA Directive could require additional capital investments, restrict our ability to expand our operations or lease fleet, or disrupt our operations.  Failure to successfully manage our compliance with the FRA Directive could cause lost revenue, harm to our reputation, deterioration of business and customer relationships, including with our affiliates, and result in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Any material loss of revenue due to rent abatement, or otherwise, could adversely affect our ability to comply with covenants in our debt facilities.  We cannot assure that costs incurred to comply with any regulations, including the FRA Directive, will not be material to our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
  Under the Directive, the FRA also reserved the right to seek civil penalties or to take any other appropriate enforcement action for violation of the Federal Hazardous Materials Regulations that have occurred.  To the extent we become subject to any such civil penalties and/or enforcement actions, it could result in substantial costs and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  The risks noted above may also exacerbate risk factors affecting our business that we have previously identified in Part I-Item 1A (Risk Factors) of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  This table provides information with respect to purchases by the Company of shares of its Common Stock on the open market as part of the Stock Repurchase Program during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    On July 28, 2015, the Company's board of directors authorized the Stock Repurchase Program pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, repurchase up to $250.0 million of its common stock. The Stock Repurchase Program will end upon the earlier of the date on which it is terminated by the Board or when all authorized repurchases are completed. 
       
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

_______________________ 
                 * 
    Filed herewith 
      ** 
    Furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERICAN RAILCAR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

Date:  
    October 28, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Jeffrey S. Hollister 

Jeffrey S. Hollister, President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
      
    /s/ Luke M. Williams 

Luke M. Williams, Interim Senior Vice President, Interim 
  Chief Financial Officer and Interim Treasurer 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

_____________________ 
                 * 
    Filed herewith 
      ** 
    Furnished herewith 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311q3x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
    
  I, Jeffrey S. Hollister, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American Railcar Industries, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
                        Date:  
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jeffrey S. Hollister 

Jeffrey S. Hollister, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312q3x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
    
  I, Luke M. Williams, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American Railcar Industries, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
                        Date:  
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Luke M. Williams 

Luke M. Williams, Interim Senior Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Interim Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321q3x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
    
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and  
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (a) and (b))  
    
  I, Jeffrey S. Hollister, President and Chief Executive Officer of American Railcar Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge:  
           1. 
    the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Quarterly Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                        Date:  
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jeffrey S. Hollister 

Jeffrey S. Hollister, President and Chief Executive Officer 

I, Luke M. Williams, Interim Senior Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Interim Treasurer of American Railcar Industries, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge:  
           1. 
    the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Quarterly Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                        Date:  
    October 28, 2016 
      
    /s/ Luke M. Williams 

Luke M. Williams, Interim Senior Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Interim Treasurer 

A signed original of these written statements required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 arii-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 arii-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 arii-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 arii-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 arii-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 arii-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

