<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1173204_0001628280-16-021320_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8626019</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141204</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>478511</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2803588</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3720862</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1335164</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-021320.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-021320
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cinedigm Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001173204
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-VIDEO TAPE RENTAL [7841]
		IRS NUMBER:				223720962
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31810
		FILM NUMBER:		161996295

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		902 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-206-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		902 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Access Integrated Technologies, Inc. d/b/a Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACCESS INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020509

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-021320.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 cidm-09x30x16x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 
  x       QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the fiscal period ended:   September 30, 2016    
    
  o        TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from --- to --- 
    
  Commission File Number: 000-31810 
  ___________________________________ 
  Cinedigm Corp. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ___________________________________ 

(212) 206-8600 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
                   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
      
    Name of each exchange on which registered 
      CLASS A COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.001 PER SHARE 
      
    NASDAQ GLOBAL MARKET 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
      
    NONE 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes   x   No   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes   x   No   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    o 
    Accelerated filer    o 
    Non-accelerated filer    o 
    Smaller reporting company   x 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
    Yes   o   No   x 

As of   November 9, 2016  ,   8,956,576   shares of Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value were outstanding, which number includes 1,179,138 shares subject to our forward purchase transaction and excludes 277,244 shares held in treasury. 

CINEDIGM CORP. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                     
    Page 
      PART I -- 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
      Item 1. 
    Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
    3 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and March 31, 2016 
    3 
        
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    4 
        
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Six Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    5 
        
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    6 
        
    Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    7 
      Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    28 
      Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
    40 
      PART II -- 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
    41 
      Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
    41 
      Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    41 
      Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    41 
      Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
    41 
      Item 5. 
    Other Information 
    41 
      Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
    41 
      Signatures 
      
    43 
      Exhibit Index 
      
    44 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
   
   CINEDIGM CORP. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except for share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   3 

CINEDIGM CORP. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except for share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   4 

CINEDIGM CORP. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

CINEDIGM CORP. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   6 

CINEDIGM CORP. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
    NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND LIQUIDITY 
       
  Cinedigm Corp. ("Cinedigm," the "Company," "we," "us," or similar pronouns) was incorporated in Delaware on March 31, 2000. We are (i) a leading distributor and aggregator of independent movie, television and other short form content managing a library of distribution rights to thousands of titles and episodes released across digital, physical, theatrical, home and mobile entertainment platforms and (ii) a leading servicer of digital cinema assets in over   12,000   movie screens in both North America and several international countries.  
    
  We report our financial results in four primary segments as follows: (1) the first digital cinema deployment ( Phase I Deployment ), (2) the second digital cinema deployment ( Phase II Deployment ), (3) digital cinema services ( Services ) and (4) media content and entertainment group ( Content   Entertainment  or "CEG"). The Phase I Deployment and Phase II Deployment segments are the non-recourse, financing vehicles and administrators for our digital cinema equipment (the  Systems ) installed in movie theatres throughout the United States, and in Australia and New Zealand. Our Services segment provides fee based support to over   12,000   movie screens in our Phase I Deployment and Phase II Deployment segments, as well as directly to exhibitors and other third party customers, in the form of monitoring, billing, collection and verification services. Our Content   Entertainment segment is focused on: (1) ancillary market aggregation and distribution of entertainment content and; (2) a branded and curated over-the-top ("OTT") digital network business, providing entertainment channels and applications. 
    
  We are structured so that our digital cinema business (collectively, the Phase I Deployment, Phase II Deployment and Services segments) operates independently from our Content   Entertainment segment. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $92.1 million   of outstanding debt principal that relates to, and is serviced by, our digital cinema business and is non-recourse to us. We also had approximately   $90.4 million   of outstanding debt principal that is a part of our Content   Entertainment and Corporate segments.  
    
  In May 2016, we   effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of our Class A common stock, whereby each 10 shares of our Class A common stock and common stock equivalents were converted into 1 share of Class A common stock.    All share and per share amounts in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to the reverse stock split. 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  We have incurred net losses historically and have an accumulated deficit of   $347.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . We may continue to generate net losses for the foreseeable future.  We also have significant contractual obligations related to our recourse and non-recourse debt for the fiscal year ending   March 31, 2017   and beyond. In addition, as discussed in more detail in Note 6 -   Notes Payable  , our debt obligations have instituted certain financial and liquidity covenants and capital requirements, and from time to time, we may need to use available capital resources and raise additional capital to satisfy these covenants and requirements.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and restricted cash balances of   $21.2 million  .  During the six months ended   September 30, 2016  , through an amendment to the Cinedigm Credit Agreement to release restricted cash, we used   $2.2 million   of restricted cash for payments on our long-term debt obligations.  In addition, in the second quarter of our fiscal year ending March 31, 2017, we issued notes payable with an aggregate principal amount of   $4.5 million   and in October of 2016, we issued notes payable with aggregate principal amounts of   $1.0 million  .  See the section   Second Secured Lien Notes   in Note 6 -   Notes Payable   and Note 11 -   Subsequent Events   for a full discussion of the issuance of the notes. 
    
  We have plans in place which, when implemented, will effectively mitigate the liquidity conditions described above and ensure the Company will have adequate resources to implement its business strategy and continue as a going-concern for at least a year after these condensed consolidated financial statements are available to be issued.  
    
  We have implemented cost reduction plans during fiscal 2017 and expect to continue to do so through the end of the fiscal year. These plans have been approved by our board of directors and are expected to achieve savings through personnel reductions, changes to occupancy costs and other related expenses.  
    
  We continue to expect cash flows from our Phase I and II deployment operations will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity and contractual requirements that are linked to these operations.  

7 

There can be no assurance that the transactions under discussion will be consummated. Failure to generate adequate revenues, raise additional capital and debt or manage discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

2.         SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND CONSOLIDATION 
    
  The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are unaudited and include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, and reflect all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. All material inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
    
  Investments in which we do not have a controlling interest or are not the primary beneficiary but have the ability to exert significant influence, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Noncontrolling interests for which we have been determined to be the primary beneficiary are consolidated and recorded as net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest. See Note 4   - Other Interests   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our noncontrolling and majority interests. 
    
  RECLASSIFICATIONS 
    
  We have reclassified certain amounts previously reported in our  condensed consolidated financial statements to conform to the current presentation, including reclassifying a contribution from non-controlling interest in the amount of   $0.6 million   in 2015 from investing activities to financing activities in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows.  
    
  USE OF ESTIMATES 
    
  The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. As permitted under GAAP, interim accounting for certain expenses, such as the adequacy of accounts receivable reserves, return reserves, inventory reserves, recovery of advances, minimum guarantees, assessment of goodwill and intangible asset impairment and valuation reserve for income taxes, are based on full year assumptions when appropriate. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
    
  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), although we believe that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The results of operations for the respective interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full year.  These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with our annual consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  . 
    
  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
  We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be "cash equivalents."  We maintain bank accounts with major banks, which from time to time may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s insured limits. We periodically assess the financial condition of the institutions and believe that the risk of any loss is minimal. 
    
  ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
    
  We maintain reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. We review the composition of accounts receivable and analyze historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis.  
    
  Our Content   Entertainment segment recognizes accounts receivable, net of an estimated allowance for product returns and customer chargebacks, at the time that it recognizes revenue from a sale. We base the amount of the returns allowance and customer chargebacks upon historical experience and future expectations. 
    
  We record accounts receivable, long-term in connection with activation fees that we earn from Systems deployments that have extended payment terms. Such accounts receivable are discounted to their present value at prevailing market rates. 
  
   8 

UNBILLED AND DEFERRED REVENUE 
    
  Unbilled revenue represent amounts recognized as revenue for which invoices have not yet been sent to clients.  Deferred revenue represents amounts billed or payments received for which revenue has not yet been earned. 
    
  ADVANCES   
  Advances, which are recorded within prepaid and other current assets within the consolidated balance sheets, represent amounts prepaid to studios or content producers for which we provide content distribution services. We evaluate advances regularly for recoverability and record charges for amounts that we expect may not be recoverable as of the consolidated balance sheet date. 
    
  INVENTORY 
    
  Inventory consists of finished goods inventory of Company owned DVD and Blu-ray Disc titles and is stated at the lower of cost (determined based on weighted average cost) or market. We identify inventory items to be written down for obsolescence based on their sales status and condition. We write down discontinued or slow moving inventories based on an estimate of the markdown to retail price needed to sell through our current stock level of the inventories.  
    
  RESTRICTED CASH 
    
  Our 2013 Term Loans and Prospect Loan require that we maintain specified cash balances that are restricted to repayment of interest thereunder.  See Note 6 -   Notes Payable   for information about our restricted cash balances. 
    
  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
    
  Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation expense is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows: 
                 Computer equipment and software 
    3 - 5 years 
      Digital cinema projection systems 
    10 years 
      Machinery and equipment 
    3 - 10 years 
      Furniture and fixtures 
    3 - 6 years 

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the leasehold improvements. Repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. Major renewals, improvements and additions are capitalized. Upon the sale or other disposition of any property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and the gain or loss on disposal is included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE ACTIVITIES 
    
  Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are either recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (a component of stockholders' deficit) or in the consolidated statements of operations depending on whether the derivative qualifies for hedge accounting. We entered into an interest rate cap transaction during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 to limit our exposure to interest rates related to our 2013 Term Loans and Prospect Loan. The interest rate cap on the 2013 Term Loans matured in March 2016 and the interest rate cap on the Prospect Loan matures March of 2018. We have not sought hedge accounting treatment for these instruments and therefore, changes in the value of our Interest Rate Swaps and caps were recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
    
  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  The fair value measurement disclosures are grouped into three levels based on valuation factors: 

Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical investments 
                
    Level 2   other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices for similar investments and market corroborated inputs) 
                
    Level 3   significant unobservable inputs (including our own assumptions in determining the fair value of investments) 
     
   9 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis use the market approach, where prices and other relevant information are generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. 
    
  The following tables summarize the levels of fair value measurements of our financial assets and liabilities: 

Our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, unbilled revenue and accounts payable and accrued expenses are financial instruments and are recorded at cost in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The estimated fair values of these financial instruments approximate their carrying amounts because of their short-term nature.  The carrying amount of notes receivable approximates fair value based on the discounted cash flows of such instruments using current assumptions at the balance sheet date. At   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , the estimated fair value of our fixed rate debt approximated its carrying amounts. We estimated the fair value of debt based upon current interest rates available to us at the respective balance sheet dates for arrangements with similar terms and conditions. Based on borrowing rates currently available to us for loans with similar terms, the carrying value of notes payable and capital lease obligations approximates fair value. 
    
  IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED AND FINITE-LIVED ASSETS 
    
  We review the recoverability of our long-lived assets and finite-lived intangible assets, when events or conditions occur that indicate a possible impairment exists. The assessment for recoverability is based primarily on our ability to recover the carrying value of our long-lived and finite-lived assets from expected future undiscounted net cash flows. If the total of expected future undiscounted net cash flows is less than the total carrying value of the asset, the asset is deemed not to be recoverable and possibly impaired. We then estimate the fair value of the asset to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized. An impairment loss will be recognized if the asset's fair value is determined to be less than its carrying value. Fair value is determined by computing the expected future discounted cash flows. During the   three months   and   six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , no impairment charge was recorded from operations for long-lived assets or finite-lived assets. 
    
  GOODWILL 
    
  Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of an acquired business. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis at the end of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if warranted by events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of a reporting unit may exceed fair value, also known as impairment indicators. Our process of evaluating goodwill for impairment involves the determination of fair value of goodwill compared to its carrying value. Our only reporting unit with goodwill is our Content   Entertainment reporting unit. 
    
  Inherent in the fair value determination for each reporting unit are certain judgments and estimates relating to future cash flows, including management s interpretation of current economic indicators and market conditions, and assumptions about our strategic plans with regard to its operations. To the extent additional information arises, market conditions change or our strategies change, it is possible that the conclusion regarding whether our remaining goodwill is impaired could change and result in future goodwill impairment charges that will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
    
  No   goodwill impairment charge was recorded in the three or six months ended   September 30, 2016  .  For the   three months   and   six months   ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of   $18.0 million  . 
    
  PARTICIPATIONS AND ROYALTIES PAYABLE 
    
  When we use third parties to distribute company owned content, we record participations payable, which represent amounts owed to the distributor under revenue-sharing arrangements. When we provide content distribution services, we record accounts payable  
  
   10 

and accrued expenses to studios or content producers for royalties owed under licensing arrangements. We identify and record as a reduction to the liability any expenses that are to be reimbursed to us by such studios or content producers. 
    
  DEBT ISSUANCE COSTS 
    
  We incur debt issuance costs in connection with long-term debt financings. Such costs are recorded as a direct deduction to notes payable and amortized over the terms of the respective debt obligations using the effective interest rate method. Debt issuance costs recorded in connection with revolving debt arrangements are presented in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized over the term of the revolving debt agreements using the effective interest rate method. 
    
  REVENUE RECOGNITION 
    
  Phase I Deployment and Phase II Deployment 
    
  Virtual print fees ( VPFs ) are earned, net of administrative fees, pursuant to contracts with movie studios and distributors, whereby amounts are payable by a studio to Phase 1 DC, CDF I and to Phase 2 DC when movies distributed by the studio are displayed on screens utilizing our Systems installed in movie theatres. VPFs are earned and payable to Phase 1 DC and CDF I based on a defined fee schedule with a reduced VPF rate year over year until the   sixth   year (calendar year 2011) at which point the VPF rate remains unchanged through the   tenth   year until the VPFs phase out.    One   VPF is payable for every digital title displayed per System. The amount of VPF revenue is dependent on the number of movie titles released and displayed using the Systems in any given accounting period. VPF revenue is recognized in the period in which the digital title first plays on a System for general audience viewing in a digitally equipped movie theatre, as Phase 1 DC s, CDF I's and Phase 2 DC s performance obligations have been substantially met at that time.  
    
  Beginning in December 2015, certain Phase 1 DC Systems began to reach the conclusion of their deployment payment period with certain distributors and, therefore, VPF revenues ceased to be recognized on such Systems. Furthermore, because the Phase I deployment installation period ended in November 2007, a majority of the VPF revenue associated with the Phase I systems will end by November 2017. While the absence of such revenue was not material to our consolidated financial statements during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , it is expected to have a material impact in subsequent periods.  As of    September 30, 2016  ,   655   of the systems in our Phase I deployment had ceased to earn a significant portion VPF revenue from certain major studios.  By December 2016, we expect that more than   50%   of our Phase I deployment systems will cease to earn VPF revenue from certain major studios and by December 2017, we expect that nearly all of our Phase I deployment systems will no longer earn VPF revenue from certain major studios.  We expect to continue to earn ancillary revenue streams from the Phase I deployment Systems through December of 2020; however, such amounts are expected to be significantly less material to our consolidated financial statements.  The expected reduction in VPF revenue on our Phase I systems is scheduled to approximately coincide with the conclusion of certain of our non-recourse debt obligations and, therefore, we expect that reduced cash outflows related to such non-recourse debt obligations will partially offset reduced VPF revenue after November 2017. 
    
  Phase 2 DC s agreements with distributors require the payment of VPFs, according to a defined fee schedule, for   ten   years from the date each system is installed; however, Phase 2 DC may no longer collect VPFs once  cost recoupment,  as defined in the contracts with movie studios and distributors, is achieved. Cost recoupment will occur once the cumulative VPFs and other cash receipts collected by Phase 2 DC have equaled the total of all cash outflows, including the purchase price of all Systems, all financing costs, all  overhead and ongoing costs , as defined, and including service fees, subject to maximum agreed upon amounts during the three-year rollout period and thereafter. Further, if cost recoupment occurs before the end of the   eighth   contract year, the studios will pay us a one-time  cost recoupment bonus.   Any other cash flows, net of expenses, received by Phase 2 DC following the achievement of cost recoupment are required to be returned to the distributors on a pro-rata basis. At this time, we cannot estimate the timing or probability of the achievement of cost recoupment. Beginning in December 2018, certain Phase 2 DC Systems will have reached the conclusion of their deployment payment period, subject to earlier achievement of cost recoupment. In accordance with existing agreements with distributors, VPF revenues will cease to be recognized on such Systems. Because the Phase II deployment installation period ended in December 2012, a majority of the VPF revenue associated with the Phase II systems will end by December 2022 or earlier if cost recoupment is achieved. 
    
  Alternative content fees ( ACFs ) are earned pursuant to contracts with movie exhibitors, whereby amounts are payable to Phase 1 DC, CDF I and to Phase 2 DC, generally either a fixed amount or as a percentage of the applicable box office revenue derived from the exhibitor s showing of content other than feature movies, such as concerts and sporting events (typically referred to as  alternative content ). ACF revenue is recognized in the period in which the alternative content first opens for audience viewing. 
    
  Revenues earned in connection with up front exhibitor contributions are deferred and recognized over the expected cost recoupment period. 
  
   11 

Services 
    
  Exhibitors who purchased and own Systems using their own financing in the Phase II Deployment paid us an upfront activation fee of approximately   $2.0 thousand   per screen (the  Exhibitor-Buyer Structure ). Upfront activation fees were recognized in the period in which these Systems were delivered and ready for content, as we had no further obligations to the customer after that time and collection was reasonably assured. In addition, we recognize activation fee revenue of between   $1.0 thousand   and   $2.0 thousand   on Phase 2 DC Systems and for Systems installed by CDF2 Holdings, a related party, (See Note 3 -   Other Interests  ) upon installation and such fees are generally collected upfront upon installation. Our services segment manages and collects VPFs on behalf of exhibitors, for which it earns an administrative fee equal to   10%   of the VPFs collected. 
    
  Our Services segment earns an administrative fee of approximately   5%   of VPFs collected and, in addition, earns an incentive service fee equal to   2.5%   of the VPFs earned by Phase 1 DC. This administrative fee is recognized in the period in which the billing of VPFs occurs, as performance obligations have been substantially met at that time. 
    
  Content   Entertainment 
    
  CEG earns fees for the distribution of content in the home entertainment markets via several distribution channels, including digital, VOD, and physical goods (e.g. DVD and Blu-ray Discs). Fees earned are typically based on the gross amounts billed to our customers less the amounts owed to the media studios or content producers under distribution agreements, and gross media sales of owned or licensed content. Depending upon the nature of the agreements with the platform and content providers, the fee rate that we earn varies. Generally, revenues are recognized when content is available for subscription on the digital platform, at the time of shipment for physical goods, or point-of-sale for transactional and VOD services. Reserves for sales returns and other allowances are recorded based upon historical experience. If actual future returns and allowances differ from past experience, adjustments to our allowances may be required. Sales returns and allowances are reported as a reduction of revenues.   
    
  CEG also has contracts for the theatrical distribution of third party feature movies and alternative content. CEG s distribution fee revenue and CEG's participation in box office receipts is recognized at the time a feature movie and alternative content are viewed. CEG has the right to receive or bill a portion of the theatrical distribution fee in advance of the exhibition date, and therefore such amount is recorded as a receivable at the time of execution, and all related distribution revenue is deferred until the third party feature movies  or alternative content s theatrical release date.  
    
  Revenue is deferred in cases where a portion or the entire contract amount cannot be recognized as revenue due to non-delivery of services. Such amounts are classified as deferred revenue and are recognized as earned revenue in accordance with our revenue recognition policies described above. 
    
  DIRECT OPERATING COSTS 
    
  Direct operating costs primarily consist of operating costs such as cost of goods sold, fulfillment expenses, property taxes and insurance on systems, shipping costs, royalty expenses, participation expenses, marketing and direct personnel costs. 
    
  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  Employee and director stock-based compensation expense from continuing operations related to our stock-based awards was as follows: 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the three and six months     ended   September 30, 2015   was   $3.50   and   $5.20  , respectively.    No   stock options were granted or exercised in the three and six months ended   September 30, 2016  .   
  
   12 

During the three and six months ended   September 30, 2015  , we granted   5,000   and   130,000   stock options, respectively. During the three and  six months ended   September 30, 2015  , there were   25,000   options exercised.  
    
  We estimated the fair value of stock options at the date of each grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions: 

The risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model for options granted under our stock option plan awards is the historical yield on U.S. Treasury securities with equivalent remaining lives. We do not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends on common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, an expected dividend yield of zero is used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.  We estimate the expected life of options granted under our stock option plans using both exercise behavior and post-vesting termination behavior, as well as consideration of outstanding options. We estimate expected volatility for options granted under our stock option plans based on a measure of our Class A common stock's historical volatility in the trading market. 
    
  INCOME TAXES 
    
  Income taxes are provided for based on the asset and liability method of accounting. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
    
  NET LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 
    
  Basic and diluted net loss per common share has been calculated as follows: 
                 Basic and diluted net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders = 
    Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
      Weighted average number of common stock  
   outstanding during the period 

Stock issued and treasury stock repurchased during the period are weighted for the portion of the period that they are outstanding. The shares to be repurchased in connection with the forward stock purchase transaction discussed in Note 7 -   Stockholders' Deficit   are considered repurchased for the purposes of calculating earnings per share and therefore the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding for the   three months   and   six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , excludes   1.2 million   shares that will be repurchased as a result of the forward stock purchase transaction. 
    
  We incurred net losses for the   three months   and   six months     ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and therefore the impact of potentially dilutive common shares from outstanding stock options and warrants, totaling   2,899,259   shares and   2,913,518   shares as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, were excluded from the computation of loss per share as their impact would have been anti-dilutive. 
    
  RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
    
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ( ASU 2016-15 ). The FASB issued ASU 2016-15 to decrease the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update provide guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. This guidance is effective for the Company as of the first quarter of its fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 and should be applied using the retrospective transition method to each period presented. Early adoption is permitted but all amendments must be adopted in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this updated standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  
   13 

3. 
    OTHER INTERESTS 
       
  Investment in CDF2 Holdings  
     
  We indirectly own   100%   of the common equity of CDF2 Holdings, LLC ("CDF2 Holdings"), which was created for the purpose of capitalizing on the conversion of the exhibition industry from film to digital technology. CDF2 Holdings assists its customers in procuring the equipment necessary to convert their Systems to digital technology by providing financing, equipment, installation and related ongoing services.  
    
  CDF2 Holdings is a Variable Interest Entity ( VIE ), as defined in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810 ("ASC 810"),  Consolidation." ASC 810 requires the consolidation of VIEs by an entity that has a controlling financial interest in the VIE which entity is thereby defined as the primary beneficiary of the VIE. To be a primary beneficiary, an entity must have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance, among other factors. Although we indirectly, wholly own CDF2 Holdings, we, a third party that also has a variable interest in CDF2 Holdings, and an independent third party manager must mutually approve all business activities and transactions that significantly impact CDF2 Holdings' economic performance. We have therefore assessed our variable interests in CDF2 Holdings and determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of CDF2 Holdings. As a result, CDF2 Holdings' financial position and results of operations are not consolidated in our financial position and results of operations. In completing our assessment, we identified the activities that we consider most significant to the economic performance of CDF2 Holdings and determined that we do not have the power to direct those activities, and therefore we account for our investment in CDF2 Holdings under the equity method of accounting.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , our maximum exposure to loss, as it relates to the non-consolidated CDF2 Holdings entity, represents accounts receivable for service fees under a master service agreement with CDF2 Holdings. Such accounts receivable were   $0.4 million   and   $0.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , which are included in accounts receivable, net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  For the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations includes   $0.3 million   of digital cinema servicing revenue from CDF2 Holdings. For each of the   six months   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded   $0.6 million   of such revenue.  
    
  Total Stockholder's Deficit of CDF2 Holdings at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   was   $15.4 million   and   $11.9 million  , respectively. We have no obligation to fund the operating loss or the stockholder's deficit beyond our initial investment of   $2.0 million   and, accordingly, our investment in CDF2 Holdings as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   is carried at   $0  . 
    
  Majority Interest in CONtv 
    
  In June 2014, we and Wizard World, Inc. ("Wizard World") formed CON TV, LLC ( CONtv ) to fund, design, create, launch, and operate a worldwide digital network that creates original content, and sells and distributes on-demand digital content via the Internet and other consumer digital distribution platforms, such as gaming consoles, set-top boxes, handsets, and tablets. 
    
  In November 2015, we entered into an Amended and Restated Operating Agreement with Wizard World (the noncontrolling interest partner) and other non-voting equity holders. The agreement restructured our business relationship with Wizard World with respect to the ownership and operation of CONtv, and was retroactively effective to July 1, 2015.  Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, we attained a majority interest in CONtv by increasing our ownership percentage to   85%   from   47.5%  .  In connection with increasing our ownership percentage, we reclassified certain capital contributions made by Wizard World to additional paid-in capital, to the extent that such capital contributions were in excess of its amended ownership percentage.  In addition, we retroactively reduced the loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest partner to July 1, 2015 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement.  
    
  During the   three months   and   six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we made   zero   and   $38 thousand   total contributions in CONtv, respectively. Wizard World Inc.'s share of stockholders' deficit in CONtv is reflected as noncontrolling interest in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and was   $1.2 million   and   $1.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively.  

4. 
    RESTRUCTURING, TRANSITION AND ACQUISITIONS EXPENSES  
     
   14 

2016 Workforce Reduction 
    
  During the year ended   March 31, 2016  , we completed a strategic assessment of resource requirements within our Content   Entertainment and Corporate reporting segments to better align our cost structure with anticipated revenues.  
  The following table presents a roll forward of restructuring, transition and acquisition expenses and related liability balances: 

5.  INCOME TAXES 
  We calculate income tax expense based upon an annual effective tax rate forecast, including estimates and assumptions that could change during the year. Income tax expense recorded for the   three months   and   six months   ended   September 30, 2016   represents state income taxes and U.S. Federal alternative minimum income taxes, primarily related to taxable income in our Phase I deployment business.   No   income tax expense was recorded for the three or   six months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Although we have recorded deferred tax assets, primarily related to net operating loss carry forwards, we have provided a full valuation allowance against such assets and, as a result, we have not recorded an income tax benefit on the our pre-tax losses in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for  any of the periods presented. 

6. 
    NOTES PAYABLE 
       
  Notes payable consisted of the following: 

Non-recourse debt is generally defined as debt whereby the lenders  sole recourse with respect to defaults, is limited to the value of the asset, which is collateral for the debt. Certain of our subsidiaries are liable with respect to, and their assets serve as collateral for, certain indebtedness for which our assets and the assets of our other subsidiaries that are not parties to the transaction are generally not liable. We have referred to this indebtedness as "non-recourse debt" because the recourse of the lenders is limited to the assets of specific subsidiaries. Such indebtedness includes the Prospect Loan, the KBC Facilities, the 2013 Term Loans, the P2 Vendor Note and the P2 Exhibitor Notes. 
  
   15 

2013 Term Loans 
    
  In February 2013, CDF I, our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the  2013 Credit Agreement ) with Soci t  G n rale and other lenders. Under the terms of the 2013 Credit Agreement, CDF I may borrow an aggregate principal amount of   $130.0 million  ,   $5.0 million   of which was allowed to be assigned to an affiliate of  CDF I. 
    
  Under the 2013 Credit Agreement, each of the 2013 Term loans bear interest, at the option of CDF I, based on a base rate (generally, the bank prime rate) or the one-month LIBOR rate set at a minimum of   1.00%  , plus a margin of   1.75%   (in the case of base rate loans) or   2.75%   (in the case of LIBOR rate loans). The 2013 Term Loans mature and must be paid in full by February 28, 2018. In addition, CDF I may prepay the 2013 Term Loans, in whole or in part, subject to paying certain breakage costs, if applicable. The one-month LIBOR rate at   September 30, 2016   was   0.53%  . 
    
  The 2013 Credit Agreement also requires each of CDF I s existing and future direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries (the "Guarantors") to guarantee the obligations under the 2013 Credit Agreement with a first priority perfected security interest in all of the collective assets of CDF I and the Guarantors, including real estate owned or leased, and all capital stock or other equity interests in C/AIX, our wholly owned subsidiary and the direct holder of CDF I s equity. The 2013 Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default. 
    
  Collections of CDF I accounts receivable are deposited into accounts designated to pay certain operating expenses, principal, interest, fees, costs and expenses relating to the 2013 Credit Agreement. Amounts designated for these purposes totaled   $5.6 million   and   $6.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively, and are included in cash and cash equivalents on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We also maintain a debt service fund under the 2013 Credit Agreement for future principal and interest payments. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the debt service fund had a balance of   $5.8 million  , which is classified as part of restricted cash on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  The balance of the 2013 Term Loans, net of the original issue discount, was as follows: 

Prospect Loan   
    
  In February 2013, our DC Holdings, AccessDM and Phase 2 DC subsidiaries entered into a term loan agreement (the  Prospect Loan ) with Prospect Capital Corporation ( Prospect ), pursuant to which DC Holdings borrowed   $70.0 million  . The Prospect Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus   9.0%   (with a   2.0%   LIBOR floor), which is payable in cash, and at an additional   2.50%   to be accrued as an increase to the aggregate principal amount of the Prospect Loan until the 2013 Credit Agreement is paid off, at which time all accrued interest will be payable in cash.  
    
  Collections of DC Holdings accounts receivable are deposited into accounts designated to pay certain operating expenses, principal, interest, fees, costs and expenses relating to the Prospect Loan. On a quarterly basis, if funds remain after the payment of all such amounts, they are applied to prepay the Prospect Loan. Amounts designated for these purposes, included in cash and cash equivalents on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, totaled   $7.6 million   and   $8.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. We also maintain a debt service fund under the Prospect Loan for future principal and interest payments. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the debt service fund had a balance of   $1.0 million  , which is classified as part of restricted cash on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  The Prospect Loan matures on March 31, 2021 and may be accelerated upon a change in control (as defined in the agreement) or other events of default as set forth therein and would be subject to mandatory acceleration upon insolvency of DC Holdings. We are permitted to pay the full outstanding balance of the Prospect Loan at any time after the second anniversary of the initial borrowing, subject to the following prepayment penalties: 

5.0%   of the principal amount prepaid between the   second   and   third   anniversaries of issuance; 
     
   16 

4.0%   of the principal amount prepaid between the   third   and   fourth   anniversaries of issuance; 
                
    3.0%   of the principal amount prepaid between the   fourth   and   fifth   anniversaries of issuance; 
                
    2.0%   of the principal amount prepaid between the   fifth   and   sixth   anniversary of issuance;  
                
    1.0%   of the principal amount prepaid between the   sixth   and   seventh   anniversaries of issuance; and 
                
    No penalty if the balance of the Prospect Loan, including accrued interest, is prepaid thereafter.  
       
  The Prospect Loan is primarily secured by a first priority pledge of the stock of CDF2 Holdings, our wholly owned unconsolidated subsidiary, the stock of AccessDM, which is owned by DC Holdings, and the stock of our Phase 2 DC subsidiary.  The Prospect Loan is also guaranteed by our AccessDM and Phase 2 DC subsidiaries. We provide limited financial support to the Prospect Loan not to exceed   $1.5 million   per year in the event financial performance does not meet certain defined benchmarks. 
    
  The Prospect Loan contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default. The following table summarizes the activity related to the Prospect Loan: 

KBC Facilities  
    
  In December 2008 we began entering into multiple credit facilities to fund the purchase of Systems to be installed in movie theatres as part of our Phase II Deployment. There were no borrowings under the KBC Facilities during the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  . The following table presents a summary of the KBC Facilities (dollar amounts in thousands): 

1.   
    For each facility, principal is to be repaid in   twenty-eight   quarterly installments.  
               2.   
    Each of the facilities bears interest at the three-month LIBOR rate, which was   0.65%   at   September 30, 2016  , plus the interest rate noted above. 
       
  5.5% Convertible Notes Due April 2035 
    
  On April 29, 2015, we issued   $64.0 million   aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior convertible notes payable (the "Convertible Notes") that bear interest at a rate of   5.5%   per year, payable semiannually. The Convertible Notes will mature on April 15, 2035, unless repurchased earlier, redeemed or converted and will be convertible at the option of the holders at any time until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, we will deliver to holders in respect of each   $1,000   principal amount of Convertible Notes being converted a number of shares of our Class A common stock equal to the conversion rate, together with a cash payment in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Class A common stock. The conversion rate applicable to the Convertible Notes on the offering date was   82.4572   shares of Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately   $12.10   per share of Class A common stock), which is subject to adjustment if certain events occur. Holders of the Convertible Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of the Convertible Notes on April 20, 2020, April 20, 2025 and April 20, 2030 and upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price in cash equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The Convertible Notes will be redeemable by us at our option on or after April 20, 2018 upon the satisfaction of a sale price condition with respect to our Class A common stock and on or after April 20, 2020 without  
  
   17 

regard to the sale price condition, in each case, at a redemption price in cash equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
    
  The net proceeds from the Convertible Note offering were   $60.9 million  , after deducting offering expenses. We used   $18.6 million   of the net proceeds from the offering to repay borrowings under and terminate one of our term loans under our 2013 Credit Agreement, of which   $18.2 million   was used to pay the remaining principal balance. Concurrently with the closing of the Convertible Notes transaction, we repurchased   272,100   shares of our Class A common stock from certain purchasers of Convertible Notes in privately negotiated transactions for   $2.7 million  . In addition,   $11.4 million   of the net proceeds was used to fund the cost of repurchasing   1.2 million   shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the forward stock purchase agreement described in Note Interest expense recorded in connection with the Convertible Notes was   $1.8 million   and   $1.5 million   for the   six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $0.9 million   for each of the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Second Secured Lien Notes 
    
  On July 14, 2016, we entered into a Second Lien Loan Agreement (the  Loan Agreement ), under which we may borrow up to   $15.0 million  , subject to certain limitations imposed on us regarding the number of shares that we may issue in connection with the loans.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of   $4.5 million   under the Loan Agreement (the "Second Secured Lien Notes"), including   $4.0 million   borrowed from Ronald L. Chez, the lead lender in the transaction and a member of our Board of Directors, and   $0.5 million   borrowed from our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer.  The Second Secured Lien Notes mature on June 30, 2019 and bear interest at   12.75%  , payable   7.5%   in cash and   5.25%   in cash or in kind at our option. In addition, under the terms of the Loan Agreement, we are required to issue   98,000   shares of our Class A common stock for every   $1 million   borrowed, subject to pro rata adjustments.  The Loans may be prepaid without premium or penalty and contain customary covenants, representations and warranties.  The obligations under the Loans are guaranteed by certain of our existing and future subsidiaries. We have pledged substantially all of our assets, except those assets related to our digital cinema deployment business, to secure payment on the Second Secured Lien Notes. The Loan Agreement was amended on August 4, 2016 and on October 7, 2016 to facilitate subsequent borrowing transactions and clarify certain terms of the shares issuable in connection with the loans. 
  In connection with the Second Secured Lien Notes, we issued   406,000   shares of our Class A common stock and warrants to purchase   200,000   shares of our Class A common stock to Mr. Chez and   49,000   shares of Class A common stock to Mr. McGurk during the   three months   ended September 30, 2016.  In addition, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, we were obligated to issue   196,000   shares of Class A common stock to Mr. Chez as of September 15, 2016.  Such shares were issued in October 2016 and therefore we recorded an obligation on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   to issue such shares.  The warrants were issued in   two   equal tranches of   100,000   underlying shares, which have underlying exercise prices of   $1.34   and   $1.68  , respectively.  The warrants contain a cashless exercise provision, are immediately exercisable and have a term of   seven   years. The warrants also contain customary anti-dilution rights.  
  The values of the shares and warrants issued were   $0.8 million   and   $0.1 million  , respectively.  The Class A common stock and warrants were negotiated with the lender as part of a bundled financing arrangement and, as a result, we have recorded their respective relative fair values as a debt discount. The proceeds of the transactions with Mr. Chez were allocated to the debt and warrants based on their respective relative fair values, with the relative fair value of the warrants recorded as a discount to the proceeds from the loans.  The discount attributed to the Second Secured Lien Notes is being amortized over the life of the notes using the effective interest method. 
  The warrants issued in the transaction were valued using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model assuming a   7  -year life, a risk free rate interest of   1.2%   and an expected volatility of   73.3%  . 
  Cinedigm Credit Agreement  
    
  On October 17, 2013, we entered into a credit agreement (the  Cinedigm Credit Agreement ) with Soci t  G n rale. Under the Cinedigm Credit Agreement, as amended in February 2015 and April 2015, we were permitted to borrow an aggregate principal amount of up to   $55.0 million  , including term loans of   $25.0 million   (the  Cinedigm Term Loans ) and revolving loans of up to   $30.0 million   (the  Cinedigm Revolving Loans ). Interest under the Cinedigm Term Loans was charged at a base rate plus   5.0%  , or the Eurodollar rate plus   6.0%   until the Cinedigm Term Loan was repaid on April 29, 2015 in connection with the Convertible Notes offering. The Cinedigm Revolving Loans bear interest at a base rate of   6.25%   or the Eurodollar rate of   1.0%   plus   4.0%  . The Base rate, per annum, is equal to the highest of (a) the rate quoted by the Wall Street Journal as the  base rate on corporate loans by at least   75%   of the nation s largest banks,  (b)   0.50%   plus the federal funds rate, and (c) the Eurodollar rate plus   4.0%  .  

18 

We repaid the entire outstanding balance of the Cinedigm Term Loans and amended the terms of the Cinedigm Revolving Loans in connection with our issuance of the Convertible Notes. In connection with the repayment of the Cinedigm Term Loans, we wrote-off certain unamortized debt issuance costs and the discount that remained on the balance of the note payable.  As a result, we recorded   $0.9 million   as a loss on extinguishment of debt for the   six months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  The April 2015 amendment to the Cinedigm Revolving Loans extended the term of the agreement to March 31, 2018, provided for the release of the equity interests in the subsidiaries that we had previously pledged as collateral, changed the interest rate and replaced all financial covenants with a single debt service coverage ratio test commencing at June 30, 2016 and a   $5.0 million   minimum liquidity covenant. The Cinedigm Revolving Loans, as amended, bear interest at Base Rate (as defined in the amendment) plus   3%   or LIBOR plus   4%  , at our election, but in no event may the elected Base Rate or LIBOR rate be less than   1%  . We are permitted to repay the Cinedigm Revolving Loans, at our option, in whole or in part.  
    
  In May 2016, we entered into an agreement with Soci t  G n rale (as Administrative Agent), which amended certain terms of the Cinedigm Credit Agreement (the  May 2016 Amendment ) primarily to increase the Company s cash available for operations through September 30, 2016 by approximately   $6.2 million  , and by approximately   $2.0 million   thereafter. The May 2016 Amendment also reduced the maximum principal amount available under the Cinedigm Credit Agreement from   $30.0 million   to   $22.0 million  .  
  In July 2016, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement, which, among other things, lowered the minimum liquidity requirement to   $0.8 million  .  In addition, certain of our subsidiaries that are guarantors to the Credit Agreement entered into a Guaranty Supplement, pursuant to which certain of the subsidiaries guaranteed the Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement and the subsidiaries pledged substantially all of their assets to secure such obligations. In addition the July 2016 amendment changed, (i) Eurodollar rate loans to Base plus   4.5%   and base plus   3.5%   for Base rate loans and (ii) the requirement for the debt service reserve account was eliminated and the maximum principal amount available to borrow was reduced from   $22.0 million   to   $19.8 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $2.9 million   in additional borrowings were available under the Cinedigm Revolving Loans. 
  In connection with the Cinedigm Revolving Loans, we maintained a debt service reserve account for certain scheduled interest and principal payments due on the Cinedigm Revolving Loans and Convertible notes as of   March 31, 2016   of   $2.2 million  .  As a result of the July 2016 amendment to the Credit Agreement, no such reserve amount was required to be maintained as of    September 30, 2016  . 
    
  2013 Notes  
    
  In October 2013, we entered into securities purchase agreements with certain investors, pursuant to which we sold notes in the aggregate principal amount of   $5.0 million   (the  2013 Notes ) and warrants to purchase an aggregate of   150,000   shares of Class A Common Stock (the  2013 Warrants ) to such investors. We allocated a fair value of   $1.6 million   to the 2013 Warrants, which was recorded as a discount to the 2013 Notes and is being amortized through the maturity of the 2013 Notes as interest expense.  
    
  The principal amount outstanding under the 2013 Notes is due on October 21, 2018. The 2013 Notes bear interest at   9.0%   per annum, payable in quarterly installments over the term of the 2013 Notes. The 2013 Notes may be redeemed at any time, subject to certain premiums.  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. 
    
  We paid debt issuance costs of   $1.5 million   during the   six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily related to the issuance of the Second Secured Lien Notes. 

7. 
    STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT 
       
  COMMON STOCK 
    
  On September 27, 2016, at its Annual Meeting, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company's Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which increased the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock to   25,000,000   shares.  

19 

During the   six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we issued   840,897   shares of Class A common stock in connection with debt issuances, as payment for a CEO retention bonus, third-party advisory services and payment of preferred stock dividends. 
    
  On July 14, 2016, the Company entered into an amendment (the  Settlement Agreement Amendment ) to the Settlement Agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) dated as of July 30, 2015 among the Company and Ronald L. Chez, the Chez Family Foundation, Sabra Investments, LP, Sabra Capital Partners, LLC, and Zvi Rhine (the  Group ) pursuant to which (i) the Company issued   155,000   shares of Common Stock to Mr. Chez as a fee for his service as Strategic Advisor in excess of what was contemplated by the Settlement Agreement, (ii) Mr. Chez s role as Strategic Advisor to the Company was terminated, (iii) Mr. Chez was appointed to the Board of Directors and will be nominated and recommended for election to the Board of Directors for the period of time until Mr. Chez s beneficial ownership of Cinedigm securities drops below   5%  , and (iv) the rights of the Group to nominate designees for election to the Board of Directors were terminated.  The value of these shares was   $0.1 million  , which has been recorded as stock-based compensation expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the   three months   and   six months   ended   September 30, 2016  .  As discussed in Note 6, we issued   406,000   shares of Class A common stock to Mr. Chez in connection with the Second Secured Lien Notes during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and   196,000   shares of Class A common stock in October 2016 in accordance with the Loan Agreement.  See Note 6 -   Notes Payable. 
  PREFERRED STOCK 
    
  Cumulative dividends in arrears on preferred stock at   September 30, 2016   were   $0.1 million  . In July 2016, we paid the preferred stock dividends in arrears in the form of   39,325   shares of Class A Common Stock. 
    
  TREASURY STOCK 
    
  In connection with the offering of Convertible Notes, on April 29, 2015, we repurchased   272,100   shares of our Class A common stock from certain purchasers of Convertible Notes in privately negotiated transactions for   $2.7 million  , which is reflected as treasury stock in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016   and March 31, 2016. In addition, we entered into a privately negotiated forward stock purchase transaction with a financial institution, which is one of the lenders under our credit agreement (the "Forward Counterparty"), pursuant to which we paid   $11.4 million   to purchase   1.2 million   shares of our Class A common stock for settlement that may be settled at any time prior to the fifth year anniversary of the issuance date of the notes.  The payment for the forward contract has been reflected as a reduction of Additional Paid-in Capital on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet until such time that the forward contract is settled and the shares are legally delivered to and owned by us. Upon settlement of the forward contract and delivery of the stock, we will reclassify such amount to treasury stock. 
    
  CINEDIGM S EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  Awards issued under our equity incentive plan (the "Plan") may be in any of the following forms (or a combination thereof) (i) stock option awards; (ii) stock appreciation rights; (iii) stock or restricted stock or restricted stock units; or (iv) performance awards. The Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options ( ISOs ) with exercise prices not less than the fair market value of our Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. ISOs granted to shareholders having more than   10%   of the total combined voting power of the Company must have exercise prices of at least   110%   of the fair market value of our Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. ISOs and non-statutory stock options granted under the Plan are subject to vesting provisions, and exercise is subject to the continuous service of the participant. The exercise prices and vesting periods (if any) for non-statutory options are set at the discretion of our compensation committee. Upon a change of control of the Company, all stock options (incentive and non-statutory) that have not previously vested will vest immediately and become fully exercisable. In connection with the grants of stock options under the Plan, we and the participants have executed stock option agreements setting forth the terms of the grants. The Plan, which was amended at the Company's Annual Meeting on September 27, 2016, provides for the issuance of up to   2,380,000   shares of Class A Common Stock to employees, outside directors and consultants.  Prior to the amendment at the Company's Annual Meeting, the plan allowed for the issuance of   1,430,000   shares. 
    
  The following table summarizes the activity of the Plan related to shares issuable pursuant to outstanding options: 
  
   20 

The weighted average remaining contractual life for stock options outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   was   6.46   years. 
    
  OPTIONS GRANTED OUTSIDE CINEDIGM S EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN  
    
  In October 2013, we issued options outside of the Plan to   10   individuals that became employees as a result of a business combination. The employees received options to purchase an aggregate of   62,000   shares of our Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of   $17.5   per share. The options vest and become exercisable in   25%   increments over   four years   from their grant dates and expire   10   years from the date of grant, if unexercised. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   23,250   unvested options outstanding. 
    
  In December 2010, we issued options to purchase   450,000   shares of Class A Common Stock outside of the Plan as part of our Chief Executive Officer's initial employment agreement with the Company. Such options have exercise prices per share between   $15.00   and   $50.00  , all of which were vested as of December 2013 and will expire in December 2020.  As of   September 30, 2016  , all such options remained outstanding. 
    
  WARRANTS 
    
  The following table presents information about outstanding warrants to purchase shares of our Class A common stock as of   September 30, 2016  .  All of the outstanding warrants are fully vested and exercisable. 

Outstanding warrants held by Sageview Capital, L.P. ("Sageview") contain customary provisions for cashless exercises and anti-dilution adjustments. In addition, the warrants' expiration date may be extended in limited circumstances.  On April 29, 2015, the number of shares underlying the warrants issued to Sageview and their related exercise price were adjusted from   1,600,000   and   $13.70   to   1,673,282   and   $13.10  , respectively, to give effect to an anti-dilution adjustment that resulted from the issuance of the Convertible Notes. In our second fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, the number of shares underlying the warrants issued to Sageview and their related exercise price were further adjusted to   1,762,058   and   $12.44  , respectively, to give effect to the anti dilution provision that resulted from our issuance of the Second Secured Lien Notes.   
    
  In July 2016, we granted a   three  -year extension of the expiration date of the Sageview warrants to August 2019, with all other terms of the warrant agreement unaffected.  As a result of modifying the original terms of the warrants, we assigned a value to their extended termination date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and as a result, recorded selling, general and administrative expenses of   $0.3 million   in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
    
  Outstanding warrants held by the strategic management service provider were issued in connection with a consulting management services agreement ("MSA"). The warrants may be terminated with   90   days' notice in the event of termination of the MSA.  
    
  The 2013 Warrants and related 2013 Notes are subject to certain transfer restrictions.  

21 

The warrants issued in connection with the Second Secured Lien Notes (See Note 6) to Ronald L. Chez, a member of our Board of Directors, contain a cashless exercise provision and customary anti-dilution rights. The warrants were issued in   two   equal tranches of   100,000   underlying shares of Class A common stock, which have underlying exercise prices of   $1.34   and   $1.68  , respectively. 

8. 
    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
       
  LEASES 
    
  We have capital lease obligations covering a facility and computer equipment. In May 2011, we completed the sale of certain assets and liabilities of the Pavilion Theatre and ceased to operate it at that time. We have remained the primary obligor on the Pavilion capital lease and therefore, the capital lease obligation and the related assets under the capital lease continue to be reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  . We have entered into a sub-lease agreement with an unrelated third party purchaser who makes all payments related to the lease and therefore, we have no continuing involvement in the operation of the Pavilion Theatre. 
  We also operate from leased properties under non-cancelable operating lease agreements, certain of which contain escalating lease clauses.  

9. 
    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

10. 
    SEGMENT INFORMATION 
       
  We operate in   four   reportable segments: Phase I Deployment, Phase II Deployment, Services and Content   Entertainment or CEG. Our segments were determined based on the economic characteristics of our products and services, our   internal organizational structure, the manner in which our operations are managed and the criteria used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker to evaluate performance, which is generally   the segment s income (loss) from continuing operations before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Certain C  orporate assets, liabilities and operating expenses are not allocated to our reportable segments. 

22 

Operations of: 
    Products and services provided: 
      Phase I Deployment 
    Financing vehicles and administrators for 3,724 Systems installed nationwide in Phase 1 DC's deployment to theatrical exhibitors. We retain ownership of the Systems and the residual cash flows related to the Systems after the repayment of all non-recourse debt at the expiration of exhibitor, master license agreements. As of September 30, 2016, we are no longer earning a significant portion of VPF revenues from certain major studios on 655 of such systems. 
      Phase II Deployment 
    Financing vehicles and administrators for our 8,904 Systems installed domestically and internationally, for which we retain no ownership of the residual cash flows and digital cinema equipment after the completion of cost recoupment and at the expiration of the exhibitor master license agreements. 
      Services 
    Provides monitoring, collection, verification and other management services to our Phase I Deployment, Phase II Deployment, CDF2 Holdings, as well as to exhibitors who purchase their own equipment. Services also collects and disburses VPFs from motion picture studios, distributors and ACFs from alternative content providers, movie exhibitors and theatrical exhibitors.  
      Content   Entertainment 
    Leading distributor of independent content, and collaborates with producers and other content owners to market, source, curate and distribute independent content to targeted and profitable audiences in theatres and homes, and via mobile and emerging platforms. 

The following tables present certain financial information related to our reportable segments and Corporate: 

23 

The following employee and director stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s stock-based awards is included in the above amounts as follows: 

24 

The following employee and director stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s stock-based awards is included in the above amounts as follows: 

25 

The following employee and director stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s stock-based awards is included in the above amounts as follows: 

26 

The following employee and director stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s stock-based awards is included in the above amounts as follows: 

27 

11.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  On October 11, 2016, the Company issued an additional   $1.0 million   of Second Secured Lien Notes and   100,450   shares of common stock to private investors.  The terms of the additional Second Secured Lien Notes are identical to the Company's prior borrowings under the Loan Agreement, as disclosed in   Note 6 - Notes Payable  . The Second Secured Lien Notes mature on June 30, 2019 and bear interest at   12.75%  , payable   7.5%   in cash and   5.25%   in cash or in kind at our option.  
    
  As disclosed in Note 6 -   Stockholders' Equity  , on October 25, 2016 we issued   196,000   shares of Class A common stock, in accordance with the Second Lien Loan Agreement, to Ronald L. Chez, in connection with his loan of   $2.0 million   on September 15, 2016. Mr. Chez is a member of our Board of Directors, . 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this document. 
    
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which are indicated by words or phrases such as  believes,   anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   will,   estimates,  and similar words. Forward-looking statements represent, as of the date of this report, our judgment relating to, among other things, future results of operations, growth plans, sales, capital requirements and general industry and business conditions applicable to us.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.   
    
  OVERVIEW 
    
  Since our inception, we have played a significant role in the digital distribution revolution that continues to transform the media landscape. In addition to our pioneering role in transitioning over 12,000 movie screens from traditional analog film prints to digital distribution, we have become a leading distributor of independent content, both through organic growth and acquisitions. We distribute products for major brands such as the Discovery Networks, National Geographic and Scholastic, as well as leading international and domestic content creators, movie producers, television producers and other short form digital content producers. We collaborate with producers, major brands and other content owners to market, source, curate and distribute quality content to targeted audiences through (i) existing and emerging digital home entertainment platforms, including but not limited to, iTunes, Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, Xbox, PlayStation, and cable video-on-demand ("VOD"), and (ii) physical goods, including DVD and Blu-ray Discs.  
    
  We report our financial results in four primary segments as follows: (1) the first digital cinema deployment ( Phase I Deployment ), (2) the second digital cinema deployment ( Phase II Deployment ), (3) digital cinema services ( Services ) and (4) media content and entertainment group ( Content   Entertainment  or "CEG"). The Phase I Deployment and Phase II Deployment segments are the non-recourse, financing vehicles and administrators for our digital cinema equipment (the  Systems ) installed in movie theatres throughout the United States, and in Australia and New Zealand. Our Services segment provides fee based support to over 12,000 movie screens in our Phase I Deployment, Phase II Deployment segments as well as directly to exhibitors and other third party customers in the form of monitoring, billing, collection and verification services. Our Content   Entertainment segment is a market leader in: (1) ancillary market aggregation and distribution of entertainment content and; (2) branded and curated over-the-top ("OTT") digital network business providing entertainment channels and applications. 
    
  We are structured so that our digital cinema business (collectively, our Phase I Deployment, Phase II Deployment and Services segments) operates independently from our Content   Entertainment business. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $92.1 million   of non-recourse outstanding debt principal that relates to, and is serviced by, our digital cinema business. We also have approximately   $90.4 million   of outstanding debt principal, as of   September 30, 2016   that is attributable to our Content   Entertainment and Corporate segments.  
    
  On June 23, 2016, we received the Notice from the Listing Qualifications staff of Nasdaq indicating that the Company no longer meets the requirement to maintain a minimum market value of publicly held shares of $15.0 million, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(3)(C). The Notice does not result in the immediate delisting of the Company s common stock from the Nasdaq Global Market. 

28 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until December 20, 2016, in which to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the MVPHS requirement, our MVPHS must be at least $15.0 million for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during this 180-day period. If we do not regain compliance with the bid price requirement by December 20, 2016, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. If we do not regain compliance by December 20, 2016, or the termination of any subsequent compliance period, if applicable, the Staff will provide written notification to us that its common stock may be delisted. At such time, we would be afforded the opportunity for a hearing before a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel (the  Panel ). A request for a hearing would stay any suspension or delisting action pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel following the hearing and the expiration of any extension period granted by the Panel. In that regard, the Panel would have the authority to grant us up to an additional 180-day period in which to regain compliance. 
    
  We intend to monitor the MVPHS for our common stock between now and December 20, 2016  and will consider the various available options if its common stock does not trade at a level that is likely to regain compliance. 
    
  We incurred consolidated net loss of   $0.5 million   and   $5.1 million   for the three and   six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   $23.1 million   and   $34.4 million  , for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  We have an accumulated deficit of   $347.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . In addition we have significant contractual obligations related to our non-recourse and recourse debt for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 and beyond. 
    
  We believe the combination of: (i) our cash and restricted cash balances at   September 30, 2016  , (ii) planned cost reduction initiatives, and (iii) the additional financing received in July, September and October of 2016 ; and (iv) expected cash flows from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity and capital requirements for the next twelve months. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, and we may need to use available capital resources and raise additional capital. Failure to generate additional revenues, raise additional capital or manage discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    

Revenues 

Decreased revenues in our Phase I and Phase II Deployment businesses reflect the decrease of theatres as a result of theatres reaching the end of their deployment agreement which affected 25 titles.  This decrease was partially offset by wide release of 37 titles in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to 33 titles in the   September 30, 2015   period. In addition, one blockbuster title released in the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  ,  compared to two blockbuster titles in the three months ended September 30, 2015, also accounted for the decrease in revenue. 
    
  Revenue generated by our Services segment increased as a result of the higher VPFs earned by our Phase I and II deployment businesses.  Our Services segment earns commissions on VPF revenue generated by the Phase I and Phase II deployment segments. Certain Phase I and Phase II Systems reached the conclusion of their deployment payment period starting in December of  2015 and continuing through September of 2016, and as a result, we expect VPF and Services revenue on those systems to decrease in the future 
    
  Revenues at our Content   Entertainment segment decreased, due to weaker than expected digital performance due to industry leaders focusing more of their capital on original content, rather than third-party content. In addition, we continued to experience a decline in sales and shelf space allotted to our traditional DVD and Blu-ray business, which is negatively impacted by changes in technology and consumer behavior. We continue to shift our strategy toward developing a portfolio of narrowcast OTT channels.  At the end of fiscal year 2015, we launched CONtv in cooperation with Wizard World, Inc., and in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 we launched the Dove Channel, which targets families and kids seeking high quality and family friendly content approved by the Dove Foundation. 

29 

Direct Operating Expenses 

Direct operating expenses decreased in the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the prior period, reflecting lower revenue in our CEG business in 2017 fiscal year, higher third party distribution costs, and higher OTT platform and content distribution costs in fiscal year 2016. In addition, there were reduced costs related to theatrical releasing, marketing and content acquisitions costs as we made the strategic decision to focus significantly less on theatrical film releases and we focused more on OTT channel entertainment in the 2017 fiscal year. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased in our Corporate and Content and Entertainment operations compared to the prior period, primarily reflecting decreases in salaries, consulting fees and related expenses as a result of our ongoing restructuring initiatives. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense on Property and Equipment 

Depreciation and amortization expense decreased primarily in our Phase I Deployment segment as several of our digital cinema projection systems reached the conclusion of their ten-year useful lives through   September 30, 2016  . Furthermore, because the Phase I Deployment installation period ended in November 2007, several of our Phase I Systems will reach the end of their ten-year useful lives in fiscal year 2017 and, therefore, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to continue to decrease in the future. 

Interest expense, net 
  
   30 

Interest expense reported by our Phase I and Phase II Deployment segments decreased primarily as a result of reduced debt balances compared to the prior period and the payoff of one of our KBC facilities. We expect interest expense related to the KBC Facilities to continue to decrease due to the pay-down of such balances.  
    
  Interest expense at Corporate increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 as a result of the interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the issuance of $4.5 million Second Secured Term Loans. In addition, net borrowings on the Cinedigm Revolving Loans increased $1.8 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015, also increasing interest expense for the period. 

Income Tax Expense 
    
  We recorded income tax expense of $  43.0 thousand   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , in our Phase I and Corporate segments.  We recorded no income tax expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Our effective tax rates for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   is   9.8%  .  The increase in effective rates compared to the prior period, is mainly due to an increase in taxable income at the state level and timing differences related to fixed asset depreciation. 

Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  We define Adjusted EBITDA to be earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, other income, net, stock-based compensation and expenses, merger and acquisition costs, restructuring, transition and acquisitions expense, net, goodwill impairment and certain other items. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA (including the results of Phase 1 and Phase II Deployments segments) increased   27%   compared to the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Adjusted EBITDA from our non-deployment businesses was   $2.0 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a loss of   $0.9 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in adjusted EBITDA compared to the prior period primarily reflects lower operating expenses in our Content   Entertainment business and at Corporate due to our cost cutting measures which began to be implemented in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 and is expected to continue through fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a financial metric to measure the financial performance of the business because management believes it provides additional information with respect to the performance of its fundamental business activities. For this reason, we believe Adjusted EBITDA will also be useful to others, including its stockholders, as a valuable financial metric.  
    
  We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplement to net loss from continuing operations as an indicator of operating performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure that is useful both to management and investors when evaluating our performance and comparing our performance with that of our competitors. We also use Adjusted EBITDA for planning purposes and to evaluate our financial performance because Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain incremental expenses or non-cash items, such as stock-based compensation charges, that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance. 
    
  We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure and not a liquidity measure, and therefore a reconciliation between net loss from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA has been provided in the financial results. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to income from operations or net loss from continuing operations as an indicator of performance or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of cash flows, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, or as a measure of liquidity. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA does not take into account changes in certain assets and liabilities as well as interest and income taxes that can affect cash flows. We do not intend the presentation of these non-GAAP measures to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
  
   31 

Following is the reconciliation of our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated GAAP loss from operations: 

Results of Operations for the Six Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    

Revenues 

Increased revenues in our Phase I and Phase II Deployment businesses reflect the wide release of 30 titles in the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 26 titles for the six months ended September 30, 2015. In addition, two blockbuster titles released in the six months ended September 30, 2016, which accounted for the increase over the prior period in which no blockbuster films were released on our deployed systems. 
    
  Revenue generated by our Services segment increased as a result of the higher VPFs earned by our Phase I and II deployment businesses.  Our Services segment earns commissions on VPF revenue generated by the Phase I and Phase II deployment segments. Certain Phase I and Phase II Systems reached the conclusion of their deployment payment period starting in December of  2015 and continuing through September of 2016, and as a result, we expect VPF and Services revenue on those systems to decrease in the future. 
  
   32 

Revenues at our Content   Entertainment segment decreased, due to weaker than expected digital performance due to industry leaders focusing more of their capital on original content, rather than third-party content. In addition, we continued to experience a decline in sales and shelf space allotted to our traditional DVD and Blu-ray business, which is negatively impacted by changes in technology and consumer behavior. We continue to shift our strategy toward developing a portfolio of narrowcast OTT channels.  At the end of fiscal year 2015, we launched CONtv in cooperation with Wizard World, Inc., and in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we launched the Dove Channel, which targets families and kids seeking high quality and family friendly content approved by the Dove Foundation. 

Direct Operating Expenses 

Direct operating expenses decreased in the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period, reflecting lower revenue in our CEG business, higher third party distribution costs, and higher OTT platform and content distribution costs. In addition, there were reduced costs related to theatrical releasing, marketing and content acquisitions costs as we made the strategic decision to focus significantly less on theatrical film releases and focus more on OTT channel entertainment in the 2017 fiscal year. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased in our Corporate   Content and Entertainment operations compared to the prior period, primarily reflecting decreases in salaries, consulting fees and related expenses as a result of our ongoing restructuring initiatives. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense on Property and Equipment 

Depreciation and amortization expense decreased primarily in our Phase I Deployment segment as several of our digital cinema projection systems reached the conclusion of their useful ten year lives through   September 30, 2016  . Furthermore, because the Phase I Deployment installation period ended in November 2007, several of our Phase I Systems will reach the end of their ten- 
  
   33 

year useful lives in fiscal year 2017 and, therefore, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to continue to decrease in the future. 

Interest expense, net 

Interest expense reported by our Phase I and Phase II Deployment segments decreased primarily as a result of reduced debt balances compared to the prior period and the payoff of one of our KBC facilities. We expect interest expense related to the KBC Facilities to continue to decrease due to the pay-down of such balances.  
    
  Interest expense at Corporate increased for the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period as a result of the interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the issuance of $4.5 million Second Secured Lien Notes. In addition, the six month period ended September 30, 2016 contained a full six months of interest expense related to the Convertible Notes (including amortization of debt issuance costs), compared to only five months in the same period of the prior year. 

Income Tax Expense 
    
  We recorded income tax expense from operations of   $0.1 million   for the six months ended   September 30, 2016  , in our Phase I and Corporate segments.  We recorded no income tax expense for the  six months ended   September 30, 2015  . Our effective tax rate for the six months ended   September 30, 2016   was   2.2%  . The increase in the effective rate from the prior period was mainly due to an increase in taxable income at the state level and timing differences related to fixed asset depreciation. 

Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  We define Adjusted EBITDA to be earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, other income, net, stock-based compensation and expenses, merger and acquisition costs, restructuring, transition and acquisitions expense, net, goodwill impairment and certain other items. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA (including the results of Phase 1 and Phase II Deployments segments) increased   28%   compared to the   six months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Adjusted EBITDA from our non-deployment businesses was   $0.8 million   during the   six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to an EBITDA loss of   $3.2 million   for the   six months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in adjusted EBITDA compared to the prior period primarily reflects lower operating expenses in our Content   Entertainment business and at Corporate due to our cost cutting measures which began to be implemented in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 and is expected to continue through fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a financial metric to measure the financial performance of the business because management believes it provides additional information with respect to the performance of its fundamental business activities. For this reason, we believe Adjusted EBITDA will also be useful to others, including its stockholders, as a valuable financial metric.  
    
  We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplement to net loss from continuing operations as an indicator of operating performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure that is useful both to management and investors when evaluating our performance and comparing our performance with that of our competitors. We also use Adjusted EBITDA for planning purposes and to evaluate our financial performance because Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain incremental expenses or non-cash items, such as stock-based compensation charges, that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance. 
    
  We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure and not a liquidity measure, and therefore a reconciliation between net loss from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA has been provided in the financial results. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to income from operations or net loss from continuing operations as an indicator of performance or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of cash flows, in each case as determined in accordance  
  
   34 

with GAAP, or as a measure of liquidity. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA does not take into account changes in certain assets and liabilities as well as interest and income taxes that can affect cash flows. We do not intend the presentation of these non-GAAP measures to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
    
  Following is the reconciliation of our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated GAAP loss from operations: 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 
    
  The critical accounting estimates and assumptions have not materially changed from those identified in the Company's 2016 Annual Report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

35 

In May 2014, the   Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )   issued new accounting guidance on revenue recognition. The new standard provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers as well as requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. Companies have an option to use either a retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard. The guidance will be effective during our fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 with early adoption permitted. We are still evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standards update, which provides additional guidance on how to account for share-based payments where the terms of an award may provide that the performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite period is treated as a performance condition. The guidance will be effective during our fiscal year ending March 31, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements. The standards update may be applied (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In August 2014, the FASB amended accounting guidance pertaining to going concern considerations by company management. The amendments in this update state that in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity's management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued, when applicable). The guidance will be effective during our fiscal year ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update, which amended accounting guidance on consolidation. The amendments affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. The update will be effective during our fiscal year ending March 31, 2017. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued new guidance related to the customer s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement, which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. We have adopted this guidance as of September 30, 2016 with no material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that requires an entity to measure inventory balances at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance to the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In September 2015, the FASB issued new guidance with respect to Business Combinations. The new guidance requires the acquirer in a Business Combination to recognize provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The new guidance is effective for public entities for which fiscal years begin after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within the fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017. The accounting standard must be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance related to the balance sheet classification of income taxes. The standard requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet rather than being separated into current and noncurrent. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted and the standard may be applied either retrospectively or on a prospective basis to all deferred tax  
  
   36 

assets and liabilities. We do not believe the adoption of the new standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to financial instruments, which updates certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The standard will be effective beginning in the first quarter of our 2019 fiscal year and early adoption is not permitted. We do not believe the adoption of the new standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to the accounting for leases. The new standard will replace all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic.  The new standard, amongst other things, requires a lessee to classify a lease as either a finance or operating lease in which lessees will need to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for their leases. The liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. Operating leases will result in straight-line expense while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition and will require application of the new guidance at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. We are evaluating the impact of this new accounting guidance on our financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance in an effort to simplify accounting for share-based payments. The new standard, amongst other things: 

will require that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies be recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of operations and that the tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur; 
                
    will require excess tax benefits from share-based payments to be reported as operating activities on the statement of cash flows; and 
                
    permits an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest using an estimated forfeiture rate, as currently required, or account for forfeitures when they occur. 
       
  The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the impact of this new accounting guidance to have a material impact on our financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ( ASU 2016-15 ). The FASB issued ASU 2016-15 to decrease the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update provide guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. This guidance is effective for the Company as of the first quarter of its fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 and should be applied using the retrospective transition method to each period presented. Early adoption is permitted but all amendments must be adopted in the same period. We are currently evaluating the impact that this updated standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  We have incurred net losses each year since we commenced our operations. Since our inception, we have financed our operations substantially through the private placement of shares of our common and preferred stock, the issuance of promissory notes, our initial public offering and subsequent private and public offerings, notes payable and common stock used to fund various acquisitions. 
    
  We may continue to generate net losses in the future primarily due to depreciation and amortization, interest on the Convertible Notes, Second Secured Lien Notes,   2013 Term Loans,   Prospect Loan and Cinedigm Credit Agreement, marketing and promotional activities and content acquisition and marketing costs. Certain of these costs, including costs of content acquisition, marketing and promotional activities, could be reduced if necessary. The restrictions imposed by the 2013 Term Loans and Prospect Loan may limit our ability to obtain financing, make it more difficult to satisfy our debt obligations or require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to payments on our existing debt obligations. The Prospect Loan requires certain screen turn performance from certain of our Phase I and Phase II subsidiaries. While such restrictions may reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate requirements, we do not have similar restrictions imposed upon our CEG businesses. We may seek to raise additional capital as necessary. Failure to generate additional revenues, raise additional capital or manage discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity.  
  
   37 

We have implemented cost reduction plans during fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and expect to continue to do so through the end of the 2017 fiscal year. These plans have been approved by our board of directors and are expected to achieve savings through personnel reductions, changes to occupancy costs and other related expenses.  
    
  Our business is primarily driven by the growth in global demand for video entertainment content in all forms and, in particular, the shifting consumer demand for content in digital forms within home and mobile devices as well as the maturing digital cinema marketplace. Our primary revenue drivers are expected to be the increasing number of digitally equipped devices/screens and the demand for entertainment content in theatrical, home and mobile ancillary markets. According to the Motion Picture Association of America, there were approximately 43,600 domestic (United States and Canada) movie theatre screens and approximately 152,000 screens worldwide, of which approximately 42,500 of the domestic screens were equipped with digital cinema technology, and more than   12,000   of those screens contained our Systems. Historically, the number of digitally equipped screens in the marketplace has been a significant determinant of our potential revenue. Going forward, the expansion of our content business into ancillary distribution markets and digital distribution of narrowcast OTT content are expected to be the primary drivers of our revenues.  
    
  Non-Recourse Indebtedness 
    
  Our Phase I and Phase II Deployment businesses have historically been financed through a series of non-recourse loans. Certain of the subsidiaries that make up our Phase I and Phase II Deployment businesses have pledged their assets as collateral for, and are liable with respect to, certain indebtedness for which the assets of our other subsidiaries generally are not. We have referred to this indebtedness as "non-recourse debt" because the recourse of the lenders is limited to the assets of specific subsidiaries. Such indebtedness includes the Prospect Loan, the KBC Facilities, the 2013 Term Loans, the P2 Vendor Note and the P2 Exhibitor Notes.  The balance of our non-recourse debt, net of related debt issuance costs, as of   September 30, 2016   was   $74.1 million   and   $14.1 million   for our Phase I and Phase II Deployment segments, respectively, which matures as presented in the Contractual Obligations table below. We continue to expect cash flows from our Phase I and II deployment operations will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity and contractual requirements that are linked to these operations.  
    
  Revolving Credit Agreement 
    
  The Cinedigm Credit Agreement allows for us to borrow revolving loans of up to   $19.8 million  , subject to certain liquidity requirements.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $16.9 million   of the revolving loans were drawn upon with $2.9 million available for borrowing. We generally use the revolving loans under the Cinedigm Credit Agreement, for working capital needs and to invest in entertainment content and the loans are supported by the cash flows from our media library. The revolving loans under the Cinedigm Credit Agreement bear interest at a Base Rate plus   3.5%   or LIBOR plus   4.5%  , at our election, and expire on March 31, 2018. 
    
  Convertible Notes 
    
  In April 2015, we issued   $64.0 million   aggregate principal amount of 5.5% convertible senior notes (the "Convertible Notes"), due April 15, 2035, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The net proceeds from the note offering were approximately   $60.9 million  , after deducting the initial purchaser's discount and estimated offering expenses payable. In connection with the closing of the offering, we used approximately   $18.6 million   of the net proceeds to repay borrowings under and terminate the term loan under the Cinedigm Credit Agreement. In addition, we used   $11.4 million   of the net proceeds to enter into a forward stock purchase transaction to acquire approximately   1.2 million   shares of our Class A common stock for settlement on or about the fifth year anniversary of the issuance date of the Convertible Notes and approximately   $2.7 million   to repurchase approximately   $0.3 million   shares of our Class A common stock from certain purchasers of the Convertible Notes in privately negotiated transactions.  
    
  Other Indebtedness 
    
  In October 2013, we issued notes to certain investors in the aggregate principal amount of   $5.0 million   (the "2013 Notes) and warrants to purchase   150,000   shares of Class A Common Stock to such investors.. The principal amount outstanding under the 2013 Notes is due on October 21, 2018 and the notes bear interest at   9.0%   per annum, payable in quarterly installments.  
    
  During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $4.5 million under the Second Secured Loans, ("Loan Agreements"), including $4.0 million borrowed from Ronald L. Chez, a member of our Board of Directors, and $0.5 million borrowed from our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer.  The Loan Agreements mature in 2019 and bear interest at 12.75%, payable 7.5% in cash and 5.25% in cash or in kind at our option. The Loan Agreements may be prepaid without premium or penalty and contain customary covenants, representations and warranties.  The obligations  
  
   38 

are guaranteed by certain of our existing and future subsidiaries. We have pledged substantially all of our assets, except those assets related to our digital cinema deployment business, to secure payment. We are permitted to issue additional amounts, up to an aggregate of $10.5 million, after these borrowings. In connection with the Loan Agreements, we issued   196,000   shares of our Class A common stock and warrants to purchase   200,000   shares of our Class A common stock to Mr. Chez. On October 11, 2016, the Company issued an additional $1.0 million of Second Secured Lien Notes and 100,450 shares of common stock to private investors with identical terms as the previous issued term loans. 
    
  In addition, as discussed in more details in Note 6 -   Notes Payable   of Item 8 -   Financial Statements  , our debt obligations have instituted certain financial and liquidity covenants and capital requirements, and from time to time, we may need to use available capital resources and raise additional capital to satisfy these covenants and requirements.  
    
  Changes in our cash flows were as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and restricted cash balances of   $21.2 million  .  
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities is primarily driven by income or loss from operations, excluding non-cash expenses such as depreciation, amortization, bad debt provisions and stock-based compensation, offset by changes in working capital. We expect cash received from VPFs to begin to decrease in the fourth quarter of our current fiscal year as certain Phase I and Phase II Systems reached the conclusion of their deployment payment period. Changes in accounts receivable from our studio customers and others largely impact cash flows from operating activities and vary based on the seasonality of movie release schedules by the major studios. Operating cash flows from CEG are typically higher during our fiscal third and fourth quarters, resulting from revenues earned during the holiday season, and lower in the following two quarters as we pay royalties on such revenues. In addition, we make advances on theatrical releases and to certain home entertainment distribution clients, for which initial expenditures are generally recovered within six to twelve months. To manage working capital fluctuations, we have a revolving line of credit that allows for borrowings of up to $19.8 million, of which $2.9 million was available for borrowing as of   September 30, 2016  .  Timing and volume of our trade accounts payable can also be a significant factor impacting cash flows from operations. Certain non-cash expense fluctuations, primarily resulting from the change in the fair value of interest rate derivative arrangements, can also impact the timing and amount of cash flows from operations. We expect operating activities to continue to be a positive source of cash. 
    
  Cash flows used in investing activities consisted of purchases of property and equipment. 
    
  For the six months ended   September 30, 2016  , cash flows used in financing activities primarily reflects payments of   $24.8 million   on our long-term debt arrangements, $4.5 million in Second Secured Term Loans and net payments made on our revolving credit facility of   $5.0 million  . 
    
  We have contractual obligations that include long-term debt consisting of notes payable, credit facilities, non-cancelable long-term capital lease obligations for the Pavilion Theatre, capital leases for information technology equipment and other various computer related equipment, non-cancelable operating leases consisting of real estate leases, and minimum guaranteed obligations under theatre advertising agreements with exhibitors for displaying cinema advertising. The capital lease obligation of the Pavilion Theatre is paid by an unrelated third party, although Cinedigm remains the primary lessee and would be obligated to pay if the unrelated third party were to default on its rental payment obligations.  
    
  The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016  : 

39 

(1) 
    Non-recourse debt is generally defined as debt whereby the lenders  sole recourse, with respect to defaults, is limited to the value of the asset that is collateral for the debt. The 2013 Term Loans are not guaranteed by us or our other subsidiaries, other than Phase 1 DC and CDF I, the Prospect Loan is not guaranteed by us or our other subsidiaries, other than Phase 1 DC and DC Holdings and the KBC Facilities are not guaranteed by us or our other subsidiaries, other than Phase 2 DC. 
              (2) 
    Represents the capital lease and capital lease interest for the Pavilion Theatre and capital leases on information technology equipment. We have remained the primary obligor on the Pavilion capital lease, and therefore, the capital lease obligation and related assets under the capital lease remain on our consolidated financial statements as of   September 30, 2016  . However, we have entered into a sub-lease agreement with the unrelated third party purchaser which pays the capital lease and as such, we have no continuing involvement in the operation of the Pavilion Theatre. This capital lease was previously included in discontinued operations. 

Seasonality 
    
  Revenues from our Phase I Deployment and Phase II Deployment segments derived from the collection of VPFs from motion picture studios are seasonal, coinciding with the timing of releases of movies by the motion picture studios. Generally, motion picture studios release the most marketable movies during the summer and the winter holiday season. The unexpected emergence of a hit movie during other periods can alter the traditional trend. The timing of movie releases can have a significant effect on our results of operations, and the results of one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for the next quarter or any other quarter. Our CEG segment benefits from the winter holiday season, and as a result, revenues in the segment are typically highest in our fiscal third quarter, however we believe the seasonality of motion picture exhibition is becoming less pronounced as the motion picture studios are releasing movies more evenly throughout the year. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 
    
  We are not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements, other than operating leases in the ordinary course of business, which are disclosed above in the table of our significant contractual obligations, and CDF2 Holdings, LLC ("CDF2 Holdings"), our wholly owned unconsolidated subsidiary. As discussed further in Note 3 -   Other Interests   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Report on Form 10-Q, we hold a 100% equity interest in CDF2 Holdings, which is an unconsolidated variable interest entity ( VIE ), which wholly owns Cinedigm Digital Funding 2, LLC; however, we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIE.  

Impact of Inflation 
    
  The impact of inflation on our operations has not been significant to date.  However, there can be no assurance that a high rate of inflation in the future would not have an adverse impact on our operating results. 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  The management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined  
  
   40 

in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1914, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), as of September 30, 2016.  Management concluded that, due to the on-going remediation associated with the material weakness identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 ("2016 Form 10-K"), our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of September 30, 2016 to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchage Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
    
  A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance, not absolute assurance that the objective of the control system will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.  Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected.  Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatement due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  However, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  Our remediation efforts were ongoing during the six months ended September 30, 2016, and, other than those remediation efforts described in "Management's Remediation Initiatives" in Item 9A of our 2016 Form 10-K, there were no other material changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the six months ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  However, as explained in greater detail under 9A of our 2016 Form 10-K we have, or are in the process of, implementing a broad range of remedial procedures to address the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting identified in our 2016 form 10-K.  Our efforts to improve our internal controls are on-going and focused on: 

Enhancing and developing our financial statement closing and reporting practices to include additional levels of checks and balances in our procedures to include proper segregation of duties and timely review. 

Considering the hiring of additional accounting and finance staff with the commensurate knowledge, experience and training necessary to complement the current staff in the financial reporting functions. 
       
  Therefore, while there were no changes, other than the matter discussed above, in our internal control over financial reporting in the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, we continued monitoring the operation of those remedial measures through the date of this Form 10-Q. 
    
  For a more comprehensive discussion of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting identified by management as of September 30, 2016 and the remedial measure undertaken to address these material weaknesses, investors are encouraged to review Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, in our 2016 Form 10-K. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  None. 
    
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 
     
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  a) Sales of Unregistered Securities 

41 

On September 15, 2016, the Company sold $2.5 million principal amount of second lien loans pursuant to the Loan Agreements and 245,000 shares (the "Shares) of Common Stock in connection with therewith, and on October 11, 2016, the Company sold $1.0 million principal amount of second lien loans pursuant to the Loan Agreements and 100,450 shares of Common Stock in connection therewith. The Loans and Shares were sold to investors including Ronald L. Chez, a member of the Company's Board of Directors, and Christopher J. McGurk, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
  b) Use of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock  
    
  None. 
    
  c)  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 
    
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not Applicable. 
    
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 
    
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
  The exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index on page 44 herein. 

42 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  CINEDIGM CORP. 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ Christopher J. McGurk 

Christopher J. McGurk Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ Jeffrey S. Edell 

Jeffrey S. Edell Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

43 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                   Exhibit 
  Number 

Description of Document 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Christopher J. McGurk, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Cinedigm Corp.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                       Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
      
    By:  
    /s/ Christopher J. McGurk 

Christopher J. McGurk 
  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Jeffrey S. Edell, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Cinedigm Corp.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant  and have: 
     (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
      
    By:  
    /s/ Jeffrey S. Edell 

Jeffrey S. Edell 
  Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with Form 10-Q of Cinedigm Corp. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the SEC (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/ Christopher J. McGurk 

Christopher J. McGurk 
  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with Form 10-Q of Cinedigm Corp. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the SEC (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 14, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/ Jeffrey S. Edell 

Jeffrey S. Edell 
  Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cidm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cidm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cidm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cidm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cidm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cidm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

