<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1469134_0001469134-16-000223_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13490926</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110670</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>585375</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4875985</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5892870</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1751868</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001469134-16-000223.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109162839
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001469134-16-000223
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Community Financial Partners, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001469134
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				204718752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37505
		FILM NUMBER:		161984604

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 BLACK ROAD
		CITY:			JOLIET
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60435
		BUSINESS PHONE:		815-725-0123

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 BLACK ROAD
		CITY:			JOLIET
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60435

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001469134-16-000223.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 a092016fcfp10-q.htm
 09 2016 FCFP 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                          

Commission file number 
    
  FIRST COMMUNITY FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:    (815) 725-0123 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    x   No   o    
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x   No     o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.  See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer     o 
      
    Accelerated filer     x 

Non-accelerated filer     o 
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company     o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes     o     No     x 
    
  There were outstanding 17,237,845 shares of the Registrant s common stock as of    October 31, 2016  . 

FIRST COMMUNITY FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  September 30, 2016    
    
  INDEX 

Page 
       PART I  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1  
     Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    4 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    5 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    6 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    7 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 
       Item 2  
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    35 
       Item 3  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    56 
       Item 4  
     Controls and Procedures  
    58 

PART II  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1  
     Legal Proceedings  
    59 
       Item 1A  
     Risk Factors  
    59 
       Item 2  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    59 
       Item 3  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    59 
       Item 4  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    60 
       Item 5  
     Other Information  
    60 
       Item 6  
     Exhibits  
    60 

Signatures  
    61 
        
     Exhibit Index  
    62 

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  Item 1.  Financial Statements 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

Cash payments for interest 
    $ 
    4,345 
      
    $ 
    5,209 
      
      Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities 

Transfer of loans to foreclosed assets 

1,805 

See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
           Note 1. 
    Basis of Presentation 
       
  These are the unaudited consolidated financial statements of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. ( we,   us,   our,  the  Company  or  First Community ) and its subsidiaries, including its wholly owned bank subsidiary, First Community Financial Bank (the  Bank ).  In the opinion of management, all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods have been made.  The results of operations for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire fiscal year or for any other period.   
    
  These unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and industry practice.  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions which affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported periods.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.  These reclassifications did not result in any changes to previously reported net income or shareholders  equity. 
    
  Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  In addition to the assumptions and methodologies that the Company used to apply significant accounting policies and develop significant estimates as disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, the following policies have been added: 
    
  Business Combinations and Valuations of Loans Acquired in Business Combinations:    We account for acquisitions under Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805,   Business Combinations  , which requires the use of the acquisition method of accounting.  Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recorded at estimated fair value on their purchase date.  As provided for under GAAP, management has up to 12 months following the date of acquisition to finalize the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, where it was not possible to estimate the acquisition date fair value upon consummation.  
    
  In particular, the valuation of acquired loans involves significant estimates, assumptions and judgments based on information available as of the acquisition date. Substantially all loans acquired in the transaction are evaluated either individually or in pools of loans with similar characteristics; since the estimated fair value of acquired loans includes a credit consideration, no carryover of any previously recorded allowance for loan losses is recorded at acquisition. A number of factors are considered in determining the estimated fair value of purchased loans including, among other things, the remaining life of the acquired loans, estimated prepayments, estimated loss ratios, estimated value of the underlying collateral, estimated holding periods, contractual interest rates compared to market interest rates, and net present value of cash flows expected to be received. 
    
  In determining the fair value of acquired loans, management calculates a nonaccretable difference (the credit mark component of the acquired loans) and an accretable difference (the market rate or yield component of the acquired loans). The nonaccretable difference is the difference between the undiscounted contractually required payments and the undiscounted cash flows expected to be collected in accordance with management s determination of the fair value.  
    
  The accretable yield on acquired loans is the difference between the expected cash flows and the initial investment in the acquired loans. The accretable yield is recognized into earnings using the effective yield method over the term of the loans. Management separately monitors the acquired loan portfolio and periodically reviews loans contained within this portfolio against the factors and assumptions used in determining the fair value. 
    
  Core Deposit Intangible:    Core deposit base premiums represent the value of the acquired customer core deposit bases and are included in as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The core deposit intangible has an estimated finite life, is amortized on a straight line basis over a   84  -month period, and is subject to periodic impairment evaluation. 

Management will periodically review the carrying value of its long-lived and intangible assets to determine if any impairment has occurred or whether changes in circumstances have occurred that would require a revision to the remaining useful life, in which case an impairment charge would be recorded as an expense in the period of impairment. In making such determination, management evaluates whether there are any adverse qualitative factors indicating that an impairment may exist, as well as the performance, on an undiscounted basis, of the underlying operations or assets which give rise to the intangible. Given that the acquisition of Mazon State Bank took place during the third quarter of 2016, there was   no   impairment charge to the core deposit intangible at   September 30, 2016  . The net book value of core deposit intangible was   $767,000   and   $0   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively and is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Emerging Growth Company Critical Accounting Policy Disclosure 
    
  The Company qualifies as an  emerging growth company  under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the  JOBS Act ). Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. As an emerging growth company, the Company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
    
  Management anticipates that the Company will no longer be considered an emerging growth company, and thus will no longer be eligible to use this extended transition period, after the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. 
    
  Certain information in footnote disclosure normally included financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and industry practice has been condensed or omitted pursuant to rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  . The ASU requires a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current U.S. GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. Unlike U.S. GAAP, which requires that only capital leases be recognized on the balance sheet, the ASU requires that both types of leases by recognized on the balance sheet. For public companies, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . Among other items, the ASU, requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes. For public companies, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The effect of the adoption of this guidance is being evaluated by the Company.  
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . The ASU requires an organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forwardlooking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Additionally, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. For the Company, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company has not yet determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the consolidated financial statements. 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
           Note 2. 
    Acquisition 
     On July 1, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Mazon State Bank, an Illinois state-chartered commercial bank, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 14, 2016 (the  Merger Agreement ) by and among the Company, the Bank, Mazon State Bank and First Mazon Bancorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the former parent company of Mazon State Bank. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company acquired Mazon State Bank, through the merger of Mazon State Bank with and into the Bank, for aggregate consideration of   $8.5 million   in cash.  The three branches of Mazon State Bank opened on July 1, 2016 as branches of the Bank.  The system integration was completed during the third quarter of 2016. 
  The purpose of the acquisition was for strategic reasons beneficial to the Company. The acquisition is consistent with its growth plans to expand into the markets in Grundy County, diversify its loan portfolio, and expand our core deposit base. The Company believes it is well-positioned to achieve stronger financial performance and enhance shareholder value through synergies of the combined operations. 
  The Company accounted for the transaction under the acquisition method of accounting under FASB ASC Topic 805,   Business Combinations  , and thus, the financial position and results of operations of Mazon State Bank prior to the closing date were not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The accounting required assets purchased and liabilities assumed to be recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company determined the fair value with the assistance of third-party valuations, appraisals, and third-party advisors. The estimated fair values will be subject to refinement as additional information relative to the closing date fair values becomes available through the measurement period of approximately one year from consummation of the acquisition. 
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred   $643,000   and   $1.2 million  , respectively of merger related costs. 
  The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on July 1, 2016 were as follows (in thousands): 

Note 3. 
    Earnings Per Share 
       
  Earnings per common share is computed using the two-class method.  Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares determined for the basic earnings per common share computation plus the dilutive effect of stock compensation using the treasury stock method.  
    
  The following table presents a reconciliation of the number of shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings 
  per common share (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 

Note 4. 
    Securities Available for Sale 
     All securities are classified as  available for sale  as the Company intends to hold the securities for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity.  Securities available for sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income, net of the related deferred tax effect.  Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities.  The amortized cost and fair value of securities available for sale, with gross unrealized gains and losses, follows (in thousands): 

Securities with a fair value of   $101.2 million   and   $82.2 million   were pledged as collateral on public funds, securities sold under agreements to repurchase or for other purposes as required or permitted by law as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities available for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , by contractual maturity are shown below (in thousands).  Maturities may differ from contractual maturities in residential collateralized mortgage obligations and residential mortgage backed securities because the mortgages underlying the securities may be called or repaid without any penalties.  Therefore, these securities are segregated in the following maturity summary: 

Realized gains on the sales of securities were   $617,000   and   $272,000   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.   

There were   $33,000   and   $861,000   in securities with unrealized losses at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and no unrealized losses which management believed were other-than-temporarily impaired. Unrealized losses and fair value aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position are summarized as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows (in thousands):   

Note 5. 
    Loans and Leases 
       
  A summary of the balances of loans follows (in thousands): 

The following table presents the contractual aging of the recorded investment in past due and non-accrual loans by class of loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

As part of the ongoing monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt and comply with various terms of their loan agreements.  The Company considers current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends.  Generally, all sizable credits receive a financial review no less than annually to monitor and adjust, if necessary, the credit s risk profile.  Credits classified as watch generally receive a review more frequently than annually.  For special mention, substandard, and doubtful credit classifications, the frequency of review is increased to no less than quarterly in order to determine potential impact on credit loss estimates. 
    
  The Company categorizes loans into the following risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt: 
    
  Pass - A pass asset is well protected by the current worth and paying capacity of the borrower (or guarantors, if any) or by the fair value, less cost to acquire and sell, of any underlying collateral in a timely manner.  Pass assets also include certain assets considered watch, which are still protected by the worth and paying capacity of the borrower but deserve closer attention and a higher level of credit monitoring. 
    
  Special Mention - A special mention asset, or risk rating of 5, has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.  If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Company s credit position at some future date.  Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 
    
  Substandard - A substandard asset, or risk rating of 6 or 7, is an asset with a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes repayment, in whole or in part, of the debt.  These credits are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged.  These assets are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will or has sustained some loss of principal and/or interest if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Loans rated a 6 are still on accrual status, while loans rated at 7 are placed on nonaccrual.  
    
  Doubtful - An asset that has all the weaknesses, or risk rating of 8, inherent in the substandard classification, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.  These credits have a high probability for loss, yet because certain important and reasonably specific pending factors may work toward the strengthening of the asset, its classification of loss is deferred until its more exact status can be determined. 
    
  Loss - An asset, or portion thereof, classified as loss, or risk rated 9, is considered uncollectible and of such little value that its continuance as a bankable asset is not warranted.  This classification does not necessarily mean that an asset has no recovery or salvage value but that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even though a partial recovery may occur in the future.  There was no balance to report at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Residential 1-4 family, consumer and other loans are assessed for credit quality based on the contractual aging status of the loan and payment activity.  In certain cases, based upon payment performance, the loan being related with another commercial type loan or for other reasons, a loan may be categorized into one of the risk categories noted above.  Such assessment is completed at the end of each reporting period. 

The following tables present the risk category of loans evaluated by internal asset classification based on the most recent analysis performed and the contractual aging as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

(*)    Non-performing loans include those on non-accrual status and those that are 90 days or more past due and still on accrual. 

The following table provides additional detail of the activity in the allowance for loan losses, by portfolio segment, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands):     

The following table provides additional detail of the activity in the allowance for loan losses, by portfolio segment, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands):     

The following table presents the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the unpaid principal balance of loans by portfolio segment and based on impairment method as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

The following tables present additional detail regarding impaired loans, segregated by class, as of and for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and year ended   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands).  The unpaid principal balance represents the recorded balance prior to any partial charge-offs.  The recorded investment represents customer balances net of any partial charge-offs recognized on the loans.  The interest income recognized column represents all interest income reported after the loan became impaired.   

During the   nine months ended      September 30, 2016  , there was   one   troubled debt restructurings added as a result of the payment of real estate taxes.  There were no troubled debt restructurings added during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Troubled debt restructurings that were accruing were   $4.2 million   and   $2.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Troubled debt restructurings that were non-accruing were   $75,000   and   $94,000   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  The following presents a rollfoward activity of troubled debt restructurings (in thousands, except number of loans): 
                           
    Nine months ended September 30, 
        
    2016 
        
    Recorded Investment 
    Number of Loans 
      Balance, beginning 
    $ 
    2,832 
      
    6 
      
      Additions to troubled debt restructurings 
    2,006 
      
    1 
      
      Removal of troubled debt restructurings 
    (519 
    ) 
    (2 
    ) 
      Charge-off related to troubled debt restructurings 

Transfers to other real estate owned 

Repayments and other reductions 
    (55 
    ) 

Balance, ending 
    $ 
    4,264 
      
    5 

Restructured loans are evaluated for impairment at each reporting date as part of the Company s determination of the allowance for loan losses. 

Note 6. 
    Deposits 
       
  The composition of interest-bearing deposits was as follows (in thousands): 

The composition of brokered deposits included in deposits was as follows (in thousands): 

Note 7. 
    Other Borrowed Funds 
       
  The composition of other borrowed funds was as follows (in thousands): 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are agreements in which the Bank acquires funds by selling securities to another party under a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the same securities at a specified price and date.  These agreements represent a demand deposit account product to clients that sweep their balances in excess of an agreed upon target amount into overnight repurchase agreements. 
    
  A collateral pledge agreement exists whereby at all times, the Bank must keep on hand, free of all other pledges, liens, and encumbrances, commercial real estate loans, first mortgage loans, and home equity loans with unpaid principal balances aggregating no less than   133%   for first mortgage loans and   200%   for home equity loans of the outstanding secured advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago ( FHLB ).  The Bank had   $383.0 million   and   $338.0 million   of loans pledged as collateral for FHLB advances as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. There were   $15.0 million   and   $16.0 million   in  advances outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  All FHLB borrowings were repaid on their maturity dates. 
    
  On June 29, 2015, the Company entered into a credit agreement with an unaffiliated bank for   two   credit facilities (secured borrowings).  The credit facilities include a   $4.0 million   revolving line of credit, which had   no   balance at   September 30, 2016   and a term loan with a balance of   $7.0 million  .  The revolving line matures in 2020 and the term loan matures in 2021.  The credit facilities have an annual interest rate of 30 day LIBOR plus   2.25%  , which was   2.69%   at   September 30, 2016  .  The credit facilities are collateralized by the stock of the Bank.   
  The Bank has entered into collateral pledge agreements whereby the Bank pledges commercial, commercial real estate, agricultural and consumer loans to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Discount Window which allows the Bank to borrow on a short term basis, typically overnight.  The Bank had   $186.4 million   and   $100.1 million   of loans pledged as collateral under these agreements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  There were   no   borrowings outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Note 8. 
    Income Taxes  
       
  Income tax expense recognized is as follows (in thousands): 

The table below presents a reconciliation of the amount of income taxes determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income (in thousands): 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of (in thousands): 

Under U.S. GAAP, a valuation allowance against a net deferred tax asset is required to be recognized if it is more-likely-than-not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The determination of the realizability of the deferred tax asset is highly subjective and dependent upon judgment concerning management s evaluation of both positive and negative evidence,  

forecasts of future income, applicable tax planning strategies and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets. 
    
  The Company had a federal net operating loss carryforward of   $736,000   and   $9.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which could be used to offset future regular corporate federal income tax.  The net operating loss carryforward expires during the December 31, 2033 fiscal tax year.  The Company had an Illinois net operating loss carryforward of   $1.1 million   and   $11.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, that could be used to offset future regular corporate state income tax.   This Illinois net operating loss carryforward will expire during the December 31, 2028 fiscal tax year. 

Note 9. 
    Stock Compensation Plans 
       
  The Company maintains the First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2008 Equity Incentive Plan ), which assumed and incorporated all outstanding awards under previously adopted Company equity incentive plans.  The 2008 Equity Incentive Plan allowed for the granting of awards including stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash incentive awards.  This plan was amended in December 2011 to increase the number of shares authorized for delivery by   1,000,000   shares.  As a result, under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan,   2,430,000   shares of Company common stock were reserved for the granting of awards. 
    
  On August 15, 2013, the Company adopted the First Community Financial Partners, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2013 Equity Incentive Plan ).  The 2013 Equity Incentive Plan allowed for the granting of awards including nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash incentive awards.  This plan was amended in December 2014 to increase the number of shares authorized for delivery by   900,000   shares.  As a result, under this plan,   1,000,000   shares of Company common stock were reserved for the granting of awards. 
    
  On May 19, 2016, the Company adopted the First Community Financial Partners, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Equity Incentive Plan ).  The 2016 Equity Incentive Plan allows for the grant of awards including nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, and cash incentive awards.  This plan allows for a maximum of   2,000,000   shares of the Company common stock have been reserved for the granting of awards.  The 2016 Equity Incentive Plan replaced the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Company will not make any new award grants under the prior plans. 
    
  The following table summarizes data concerning stock options (aggregate intrinsic value in thousands): 

The aggregate intrinsic value of a stock option in the table above represents the total pre-tax amount by which the current market value of the underlying stock exceeds the price of the option that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on   September 30, 2016  .  There was   $4.2 million   and   $1.3 million   in intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding at    September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  The intrinsic value will change when the market value of the Company s stock changes.  The fair value (present value of the estimated future benefit to the option holder) of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

The Company recognized   $293,000   and   $47,000  , respectively, of compensation expense related to the stock options for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015. At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $170,000   in compensation expense to be recognized related to outstanding stock options. 
    
  Information pertaining to options outstanding at   September 30, 2016   is as follows:    

No   options vested during the three or nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Company grants restricted stock units to select officers and directors within the organization under its equity incentive plans, which entitle the holder to receive shares of Company common stock in the future, subject to certain terms, conditions and restrictions.  Holders of restricted stock units are also entitled to receive additional units equal in value to any dividends paid with respect to the restricted stock units during the vesting period. Compensation expense for the restricted stock units equals the market price of the related stock at the date of grant and is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.   
    
  In January 2016, restricted stock units were issued to directors and participants of a long term incentive plan, with certain performance conditions for a minimum of   52,301   shares, and up to a maximum of   131,948   shares.  These performance conditions are expected to be met by the end of 2016 and the expense related to these awards will be recognized over the year.   
    
  The Company recognized compensation expense of   $607,000    and   $716,000  , respectively, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , related to the restricted stock units.  Total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock grants was approximately   $270,000   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The following is a summary of nonvested restricted stock units: 

Note 10. 
    Concentrations, Commitments and Contingencies 
       
  Concentrations of credit risk  :  In addition to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk, the Company, to a certain extent, is exposed to varying risks associated with concentrations of credit.  Concentrations of credit risk generally exist if a number of borrowers are engaged in similar activities and have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by economic or other conditions. 

The Company conducts substantially all of its lending activities in Will, Grundy, DuPage, Cook and Kane counties in Illinois and their surrounding communities.  Loans granted to businesses are primarily secured by business assets, investment real estate, owner-occupied real estate or personal assets of commercial borrowers.  Loans to individuals are primarily secured by personal residences or other personal assets.  Since the Company s borrowers and its loan collateral have geographic concentration in its primary market area, the Company could have exposure to declines in the local economy and real estate market.  However, management believes that the diversity of its customer base and local economy, its knowledge of the local market, and its proximity to customers limits the risk of exposure to adverse economic conditions. 
    
  Credit related financial instruments  :  The Company is party to credit related financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers.  These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit.  Such commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets.   
    
  The Company s exposure to credit loss is represented by the contractual amount of these commitments. The Company follows the same credit policies in making commitments as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments.  
    
  A summary of the Company s commitments is as follows (in thousands): 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.  Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.  Because many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis.  The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party.   
    
  Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements and, generally, have terms of one year or less. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.  The Company holds collateral, which may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment or, income producing properties, supporting those commitments if deemed necessary.  In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the third party, the Company would be required to fund the commitment.  The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount shown in the summary above.  If the commitment were funded, the Company would be entitled to seek recovery from the customer.  
    
  Contingencies  :      In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, any liability resulting from such pending proceedings would not be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 11. 
    Capital and Regulatory Matters 
       
  The Company and Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s and Bank s financial results and condition.  Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.  The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors.  Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank was well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action.  Currently, to be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, common equity tier 1 capital, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following table.  Bank regulators can modify capital requirements as part of their examination process.   
    
  In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking authorities approved the implementation of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and issued rules effecting certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act (the  Basel III Rules ).  The Basel III Rules are applicable to all U.S. banks that are subject to minimum capital requirements, as well as to bank and savings and loan holding companies other than  small bank holding companies  (generally non-public bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than   $1 billion  ).  The Basel III Rules not only increased most of the required minimum regulatory capital ratios, but they introduced a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio and the concept of a capital conservation buffer.  The Basel III Rules also expanded the definition of capital by establishing criteria that instruments must meet to be considered additional Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital in addition to common equity) and Tier 2 capital.  A number of instruments that generally qualified as Tier 1 capital will not qualify, or their qualifications will change when the Basel III rules are fully implemented.  The Basel III Rules also permitted banking organizations with less than   $15.0 billion   in assets to retain, through a one-time election, the existing treatment for accumulated other comprehensive income, which currently does not affect regulatory capital.  The Company made this one time election in the first quarter of 2015.  The Basel III Rules have maintained the general structure of the current prompt corrective action framework, while incorporating the increased requirements. The prompt corrective action guidelines were also revised to add the common equity Tier 1 capital ratio.  In order to be a  well-capitalized  depository institution under the new regime, a bank and holding company must maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of   6.5%   or more; a Tier 1 capital ratio of   8%   or more; a total capital ratio of   10%   or more; and a leverage ratio of   5%   or more.  The Company and Bank became subject to the new Basel III Rules on January 1, 2015, with phase-in periods for many of the changes.  Management believes, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject. 

Under the Illinois Banking Act, Illinois-chartered banks generally may not pay dividends in excess of their net profits, after first deducting their losses (including any accumulated deficit) and provision for loan losses. The payment of dividends by any bank is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. Moreover, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) prohibits the payment of any dividends by a bank if the FDIC determines such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice.  

Note 12. 
    Fair Value Measurements 
       
  ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.  The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset or liability shall not be adjusted for transaction costs.  An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction.  Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable, (iii) able to transact and (iv) willing to transact. 
    
  ASC Topic 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach, the income approach and/or the cost approach.  The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets and liabilities.  The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert expected future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, to a single present value amount on a discounted basis.  The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost).  Valuation techniques should be consistently applied.  Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.  Inputs may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.  In that regard, ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 
    
  Level 1  :  Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. 
    
  Level 2  :  Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
    
  Level 3  :  Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 
    
  In general, fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available.  If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters.  Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value.  These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality, the Company s creditworthiness, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters.  Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently over time.  Our valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values.  While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.  Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally coincides with the Company s monthly and/or quarterly valuation process.  
    
  Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
    
  Securities Available for Sale:    The fair value of the Company s securities available for sale is determined using Level 2 inputs from independent pricing services.  Level 2 inputs consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spread, cash  

flows, treasury yield curve, trading levels, credit information and terms, among other factors.  Certain state and political subdivision securities are not valued based on observable transactions and are, therefore, classified as Level 3.  
    
  Derivatives:    The Bank provides clients with interest rate swap transactions and offset the transactions with interest rate swap transactions with another financial institution as a means of providing loan terms agreeable to both parties.   The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative and classified as Level 2.  This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including LIBOR rate curves. 
    
  The following table summarizes financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value (in thousands): 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the Level 3 fair value measurements of the Company s state and political subdivisions in the table above primarily relate to the discounted cash flows including the bond s coupon, yield and expected maturity date.   
    
  The Company did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  The Company s policy for determining transfers between levels occurs at the end of the reporting period when circumstances in the underlying valuation criteria change and result in transfer between levels. 

The following tables present additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value (in thousands):  
                       
    Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
        
    State and political subdivisions 
      Beginning balance, December 31, 2015 
    $ 
    1,504 
      
      Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized) included in other comprehensive income 

Included in earnings 

Purchases 

Paydowns and maturities 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 

Ending balance, September 30, 2016 
    $ 
    1,504 

Beginning balance, December 31, 2014 
    $ 
    1,514 
      
      Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized) included in other comprehensive income 
    (9 
    ) 
      Included in earnings 

Purchases 

Paydowns and maturities 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 

Ending balance, September 30, 2015 
    $ 
    1,505 

Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
    
  The Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  These include assets that are measured at the lower of cost or market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period.  Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are set forth below: 

The following table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 
                             
    Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
        
    Fair Value Estimate 
    Valuation Techniques 
    Unobservable Input 
    Discount Range 
      Assets 

September 30, 2016 

Mortgage loans held for sale 
    $ 
    1,331 
      
    Secondary market pricing 
    Selling costs 
      
      Impaired loans 
    16,749 
      
    Appraisal of Collateral 
    Appraisal adjustments Selling costs 
    10% to 25% 
      Foreclosed assets 
    725 
      
    Appraisal of Collateral 
    Selling costs 
    10.00% 
      December 31, 2015 

Mortgage loans held for sale 
    400 
      
    Secondary market pricing 
    Selling costs 
      
      Impaired loans 
    9,348 
      
    Appraisal of Collateral 
    Appraisal adjustments Selling costs 
    10% to 25% 
      Foreclosed assets 
    5,487 
      
    Appraisal of Collateral 
    Selling costs 
    10.00% 

Impaired loans  :  Impaired loans are evaluated and valued at the time the loan is identified as impaired, at the lower of cost or fair value.  Fair value is measured based on the value of the collateral securing these loans and is classified at a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value for an impaired loan is generally determined utilizing appraisals  for real estate loans and value guides or consultants for commercial and industrial loans and other loans secured by items such as equipment, inventory, accounts receivable or vehicles.  In substantially all instances, a   10%   discount is utilized for selling costs which includes broker fees and closing costs.  It is our general practice to obtain updated values on impaired loans every   twelve   to   eighteen   months.  In instances where the appraisal is greater than   one   year old, an additional discount is considered ranging from   5%   to   15%  .  Any adjustment is based on either comparisons from other recent appraisals obtained by the Company on like properties or using third party resources such as real estate brokers or Reis, Inc., a nationally recognized provider of commercial real estate information including real estate values.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   $2.6 million  , or   26%  , and   $3.1 million  , or   32%  , of impaired loans were evaluated for impairment using appraisals performed within twelve months of these dates, respectively. 
    
  Loans Held for Sale:    The fair value of loans held for sale is determined using quoted secondary market prices and classified as Level 2. 
    
  Foreclosed assets  :  Foreclosed assets upon initial recognition are measured and reported at fair value through a charge-off to the allowance for loan losses based upon the fair value of the foreclosed asset.  Fair values are generally based on third party appraisals of the property resulting in Level 3 classification.   The appraised value is discounted by   10%   for estimated selling costs which includes broker fees and closing costs and appraisals are obtained annually. 
     
  Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet.  Fair value is determined under the framework established by   Fair Value Measurements  , based upon criteria noted above.  Certain financial instruments and all non-financial instruments are excluded from the disclosure requirements.  Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value at the Company.  The methodologies for measuring fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis are discussed above.  The methodologies for other financial assets and financial liabilities are discussed below. 
    
  The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value disclosures of its other financial instruments: 
    
  Cash and due from banks  : The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and due from banks and  approximate their fair values. 
    
  Interest-bearing deposits in banks  : The carrying amounts of interest-bearing deposits maturing within one year approximate their fair values.   

Nonmarketable equity securities  :  These securities are either redeemable at par or current redemption values; therefore, market value equals cost.   
    
  Loans  : For those variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair values for fixed rate and all other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers with similar credit quality.   
    
  Deposits  : The fair values disclosed for deposits with no defined maturities are equal to their carrying amounts, which represent the amount payable on demand. The carrying amounts for variable-rate certificates of deposit approximate their fair value at the reporting date. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. 
    
  Subordinated debt  :  The fair values of the Company s subordinated debt are estimated using discounted cash flows based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 
    
  Other borrowed funds  :  The carrying amounts of securities sold under repurchase agreements, term notes, revolving lines of credit and mortgage notes payable approximate their fair values. 
    
  Accrued interest receivable and payable  : The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate their fair values. 
    
  Off-balance-sheet instruments  : Fair values for the Company s off-balance-sheet lending commitments (standby letters of credit and commitments to extend credit) are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements taking into account the remaining term of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing.  The fair value of these commitments is not material. 
    
  The estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments are as follows as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

The estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments are as follows as of   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Note 13. 
    Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
       
  Derivative contracts entered into by the Bank are limited to those that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment.  The Bank provides clients with interest rate swap transactions and offsets the transactions with interest rate swap transactions with another financial institution as a means of providing loan terms agreeable to both parties.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   $1.2 million   and   $1.3 million  , respectively, outstanding notional values of swaps where the Bank receives a variable rate of interest and the client receives a fixed rate of interest.  This is offset with counterparty contracts where the Bank pays a floating rate of interest and receives a fixed rate of interest.  The estimated fair value of interest rate swaps was   $73,000   and   $95,000   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and was recorded gross as an asset and a liability.  Swaps with clients and third-party financial institutions are carried at fair value with adjustments recorded in other income.  The gross amount of the adjustments to the income statement were   $14,000   and   $28,000   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This report may contain certain forward-looking statements, such as discussions of the Company s pricing and fee trends, credit quality and outlook, liquidity, new business results, expansion plans, anticipated expenses and planned schedules. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans, strategies and expectations of the Company, are identified by use of the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   project,  or similar expressions. Actual results could differ materially from the results indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors and other sections of the Company s   December 31, 2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s other filings with the SEC, and other risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest rates, general national and international economic conditions as well as those in the Company s market area, legislative/regulatory changes, including the rules adopted by the U.S. Federal banking authorities to implement the Basel III capital accords, monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Company s success in raising capital, demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, demand for financial services in the Company s market area, system failure or breaches of our network security, accounting principles, policies and guidelines, and unexpected results of acquisitions (including the acquisition of Mazon State Bank), which may include failure to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions and the possibility that transaction costs may be greater than anticipated.  Furthermore, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required under the federal securities laws or the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not undertake any obligation to update or review any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
  Overview 
       
  First Community, an Illinois corporation, is the holding company for the Bank.  Through the Bank, we provide a full range of financial services to individuals and corporate clients. 
    
  The Bank has banking centers located at 2801 Black Road, Joliet, Illinois, 24 West Gartner Road, Suite 104, Naperville, Illinois, 25407 South Bell Road, Channahon, Illinois, 14150 South U.S. Route 30, Plainfield, Illinois, 13901 South Bell Road, Homer Glen, Illinois,  7020 South County Line Road, Burr Ridge, Illinois, 606 Depot Street, Mazon, Illinois, 130 North Washington Street, Braidwood, Illinois, and  2315 E. Division, Coal City, Illinois. 
    
  Through these banking centers the Bank offers a full range of deposit products and services, as well as credit and operational services. Depository services include: Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs), tax depository and payment services, automatic transfers, bank by mail, direct deposits, money market accounts, savings accounts, and various forms and terms of certificates of deposit (CDs), both fixed and variable rate. The Bank attracts deposits through advertising and by pricing depository services competitively. Credit services include: commercial and industrial loans, real estate construction and land development loans, conventional and adjustable rate real estate loans secured by residential properties, real estate loans secured by commercial properties, customer loans for items such as home improvements, vehicles, boats and education offered on installment and single payment bases, as well as government guaranteed loans including Small Business Administration (SBA) loans, and letters of credit. The Bank s operation services include: cashier s checks, traveler s checks, collections, currency and coin processing, wire transfer services, deposit bag rentals, and stop payments. Other services include servicing of secondary market real estate loans, notary services, and signature guarantees. The Bank does not offer trust services at this time.  
  Merger Transaction 
  On July 1, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Mazon State Bank through the merger of Mazon State Bank with and into the Bank.   In connection with the merger, the Bank paid aggregate merger consideration of $8.5 million in cash.  
  The purpose of the acquisition was for strategic reasons beneficial to the Company. The acquisition is consistent with its growth plans to expand into the Grundy County market, diversify its loan portfolio, and expand its core deposit base. The Company believes it is well-positioned to achieve stronger financial performance and enhance shareholder value through synergies of the combined operations of the Bank and Mazon State Bank. 
  For additional information on this merger, see Note 2.  Acquisition  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

Financial Results 
  Net income for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   was   $4.1 million  , or   $0.24   per diluted share, compared with   $2.9 million  , or   $0.17   per diluted share, for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . Net income for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $8.4 million  , or   $0.48   per diluted share, compared with   $6.9 million  , or   $0.40   per diluted share for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Earnings for the year to date   2016   compared to the same period in 2015 reflected year-over-year growth in net interest income, offset by growth in expenses related to the addition of six commercial bankers and one leasing officer.  Growth in noninterest expenses reflects of merger costs and additional staffing expenses in connection with the acquisition of Mazon State Bank.  Net income for the third quarter of 2016 was positively impacted by a $1.9 million bargain purchase gain related to the acquisition of Mazon State Bank.   

(1)  The prices shown are as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market  

(1)     This is a non-GAAP financial measure.  In compliance with applicable rules of the SEC, this non-GAAP measure is reconciled to pre-tax net income, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  The Company s management believes the presentation of pre-tax pre-provision core income provides investors with a greater understanding of the Company s operating results, in addition to the results measured in accordance with GAAP. 

Results of Operations 
  Net Interest Income 
  Net interest income is the largest component of our income, and is affected by the interest rate environment and the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Our interest-earning assets include loans, interest-bearing deposits in other banks, investment securities, and federal funds sold. Our interest-bearing liabilities include deposits, advances from the FHLB, subordinated debentures, repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings. 
  The following tables reflect the components of net interest income for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  ,  and   2015   
                      Footnotes: 

(1)     Average loans include nonperforming loans 
       (2)     No tax-equivalent adjustments were made, as the effect therof was not material 

Footnotes: 

(1)     Average loans include nonperforming loans 
       (2)     No tax-equivalent adjustments were made, as the effect therof was not material 

The net interest income and margin increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 were primarily due to increased loan volume as well as the refinancing of our subordinated debentures with lower cost secured borrowings. 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
    
  The following table sets forth certain information regarding changes in our interest income and interest expense for the periods noted (dollars in thousands):    

Provision for Loan Losses 
  The Company recorded a provision for loan losses of   $383,000   and a reversal of   $813,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The Company had net charge-offs of   $143,000   and net recoveries of   $146,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  In addition, the Company had net charge-offs of   $340,000   and of   $590,000   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Nonperforming loans increased   473.48%   from   $1.5 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $8.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  The increase in nonperforming loans was primarily the result of the downgrade of two loan relationships during the second and third quarters, offset by paydowns and charge-offs on other nonperforming loans throughout first nine months of the year.  

Noninterest Income 
    
  The following table sets forth the components of noninterest income for the periods indicated:       

Service charges on deposits increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to continued growth in noninterest bearing accounts.  Noninterest bearing accounts were up $71.4 million at September 30, 2016 since September 30, 2015. 
  Gain on the sale of securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, were the result of securities sold during the year in order to fund loan growth.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 gain on sales of securities were lower than the three months ended September 30, 2015 as there were higher sales in the same period in 2015.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were higher as a result of there being higher sales volumes in the current year in order to fund loan growth. 
  Mortgage fee income was down for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 as a result of decreased mortgage sale volumes.   
  The bargain purchase gain of $1.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was related to the acquisition of Mazon State Bank in the third quarter of 2016.   
  Other noninterest income increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 driven primarily by additional ATM fee income from the acquisition of Mazon State Bank and additional bank owned life insurance ( BOLI )  income.  BOLI was purchased in the fourth quarter of 2015 by the Bank and also acquired in the acquisition of Mazon State Bank in the third quarter 2016. 
    
  Noninterest Expense 
    
  The following table sets forth the components of noninterest expense for the periods indicated: 

Salaries and employee benefit expenses were higher for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  . This was the result of new hires during 2015 and 2016  primarily in the lending area and the addition of staff from the acquisition of Mazon State Bank during the third quarter of 2016.   

Occupancy and equipment expense was higher for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , despite being flat for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  ,  as we saw an increase in purchases and depreciation and amortization as a result the recent acquisition.   
    
  Data processing expense increased $452,000 and $937,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015 as a part of the costs related to the acquisition.   
    
  Professional fees increased slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and remained flat for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to lower loan related legal payments during 2016 offset by merger related legal fees.   
    
  Advertising and business development expenses were up slightly for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as new advertising conducted during 2016 for new products and as a result of the acquisition. 
    
  Losses on sale and writedowns of foreclosed assets, net, were lower in the current year for the three and nine months, as a result of lower discounts taken on the properties sold during 2016.   
    
  Foreclosed asset expenses were lower for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,  as a result of reversals of real estate tax accruals related to foreclosed assets.   
    
  The increase in other expenses was in relation to the addition of six commercial banking officers and one leasing officer and the related recruitment expenses as well as stock option expense related to the merger in the third quarter 2016. 
   
  Income Taxes   
       
  The Company recorded income tax expense of   $3.0 million   and   $3.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $1.0 million   and   $1.5 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Net deferred tax assets were   $3.7 million   and   $9.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
    
  Under U.S. GAAP, a valuation allowance against a net deferred tax asset is required to be recognized if it is more-likely-than-not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The determination of the realizability of the deferred tax asset is highly subjective and dependent upon judgment concerning management s evaluation of both positive and negative evidence, forecasts of future income, applicable tax planning strategies and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets. 
    
  The Company had a federal net operating loss carryforward of $736,000 and   $9.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which could be used to offset future regular corporate federal income tax.  The net operating loss carryforward expires during the December 31, 2033 fiscal tax year.  The Company had an Illinois net operating loss carryforward of $1.1 million and   $11.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, that could be used to offset future regular corporate Illinois state income tax.   This Illinois net operating loss carryforward will expire during the December 31, 2028 fiscal tax year. 

Financial Condition 
  Loans 
  The loan portfolio consists principally of loans to individuals and small- and medium-sized businesses within our primary market area. The table below shows our loan portfolio composition (dollars in thousands): 

Total loans increased by   $184.6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Excluding the $32.6 million in loans added through the Mazon State Bank acquisition ($28.2 million of which were residential 1-4 family loans), total organic loan growth was $51.7 million in the third quarter of 2016.  The organic loan growth was the result of a strong loan pipeline along with results produced by the addition of six commercial lenders during the first quarter of 2016.  New loans originated during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were primarily in the commercial real estate and commercial and industrial categories.  
  The contractual maturity distributions of our loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   are indicated in the tables below: 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
    
  Management reviews the level of the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis.  The methodology used to assess the adequacy of the allowance includes the allocation of specific and general reserves.  The specific component relates to loans that are impaired.  For such loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the collateral value, discounted cash flows or observable market price of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan.  The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors.  These  

qualitative factors include local economic trends, concentrations, management experience, and other elements of the Company s lending operations. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the allowance for loan losses was   $12.3 million   and   $11.7 million  , respectively.  The allowance to total loan percentage declined from   1.58%   at   September 30, 2015  , to   1.28%   at   September 30, 2016  .  This decrease has been the result of an improving net charge-off history, which is the starting point for the Company s allowance for loan losses calculation.  In addition, the allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans decreased from   377.06%   at   September 30, 2015  , to   144.93%   at   September 30, 2016   as a result of increases in nonperforming loans during 2016. 
    
  Charge-offs and recoveries for each major loan category are shown in the table below:   

  The following table provides additional detail of the balance of the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment: 

Impaired Loans 
  A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Factors considered by management in determining the impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due.  Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. 
  Management  determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case by case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.  Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis using the fair value of collateral if the loan is collateral dependent, the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or the loan s obtainable market price due to financial difficulties of the borrower. 
  Residential 1-4 family and consumer loans are collectively evaluated for impairment since they are not individually risk rated.  Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual consumer loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement. 
  There were approximately   $8.5 million   of nonperforming loans (loans with a nonaccrual status or past due 90 days or more) at   September 30, 2016  , which were higher than the   $1.5 million   of nonperforming loans at   December 31, 2015  .  During 2016 two large relationships were moved to nonaccrual and caused the increase over year-end. 
  There were   $4.2 million   in troubled debt restructurings accruing interest at   September 30, 2016  .  The increase from year-end was the result of one loan being added to troubled debt restructuring status as a result of the payment of real estate taxes. 
  Impaired loans were   $17.7 million   and   $9.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Included in impaired loans at   September 30, 2016   were   $3.1 million   in loans with valuation allowances totaling   $1.0 million  , and   $14.6 million   in loans without valuation allowances.  Included in impaired loans at   December 31, 2015   were   $1.1 million   in loans with valuation allowances totaling   $471,000   and   $8.7 million   in loans without valuation allowances.   
  The following presents the recorded investment in impaired loans:   

We define potential problem loans as loans rated substandard which are still accruing interest.  We do not necessarily expect to realize losses on all potential problem loans, but we recognize potential problem loans carry a higher probability of default and require additional attention by management.  The aggregate principal amounts of potential problem loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were approximately $20.2 million and $11.8 million, respectively.  Management believes it has established an adequate allowance for probable loan losses, as appropriate under U.S. GAAP and applicable regulatory guidance. 

Investment Securities 
  Investment securities serve to enhance the overall yield on interest earning assets while supporting interest rate sensitivity and liquidity positions, and as collateral on public funds and securities sold under agreements to repurchase.  All securities are classified as  available for sale  as the Company intends to hold the securities for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity.  Securities available for sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income, net of the related deferred tax effect.  Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities. 
  The amortized cost and fair value of securities available for sale (in thousands) are as follows: 

The decrease in available for sale securities during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was the result of approximately $55.7 million in securities sold to fund loan growth, offset by the securities acquired from Mazon State Bank as a part of the acquisition. 
  Securities with a fair value of    $101.2 million   and   $82.2 million   were pledged as collateral on public funds, securities sold under agreements or for other purposes as required or permitted by law, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
   
  Deposits 
    
  Deposits, which include noninterest-bearing demand deposits, NOW and money market accounts, savings deposits and time deposits, are the primary source of the Bank s funds. The Bank offers a variety of products designed to attract and retain customers, with a primary focus on building and expanding relationships. The Bank continues to focus on establishing comprehensive relationships with business borrowers, seeking deposit as well as lending relationships. 
    
  The following table sets forth the composition of our deposits at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Total deposits increased $199.3 million, or 23.01%, since December 31, 2015, of which $73.0 million was related to the acquisition of Mazon State Bank. Noninterest bearing demand deposits increased $50.2 million, or 25.60%, since December 31, 2015, of which $34.4 million was related to the acquisition of Mazon State Bank. There was an increase in time deposits of $41.2 million, or 13.83%, to $338.7 million at September 30, 2016, from $297.5 million at December 31, 2015, of which $10.4 million was related to the acquisition of Mazon State Bank.   The ratio of time deposits to total deposits decreased slightly from to 34.36% at December 31, 2015 to 31.79% at September 30, 2016 as we to continue to fund our loan growth.   

The composition of brokered deposits included in deposits was as follows (in thousands): 

The following table sets forth our time deposits segmented by months to maturity and deposit amount (dollars in thousands): 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  Refer to Note 10 of our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our goal in liquidity management is to satisfy the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers as well as our operating cash needs with cost-effective funding.  Our Board of Directors has established an Asset/Liability Policy in order to achieve and maintain earnings performance consistent with long-term goals while maintaining acceptable levels of interest rate risk, a  well-capitalized  balance sheet, and adequate levels of liquidity.  This policy designates the Bank s Asset/Liability Committee ( ALCO ) as the body responsible for meeting these objectives.  The ALCO, which includes members of management, reviews liquidity on a periodic basis and approves significant changes in strategies that affect balance sheet or cash flow positions. 
    
  Overall deposit levels are monitored on a constant basis as are liquidity policy levels.  Primary sources of liquidity include cash and due from banks, short-term investments such as federal funds sold, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and our investment portfolio, which can also be used as collateral on public funds.  Alternative sources of funds include unsecured federal funds lines of credit through correspondent banks, brokered deposits, and FHLB advances.  The Bank has established contingency plans in the event of extraordinary fluctuations in cash resources. 
    
  The following table reflects the average daily outstanding, year-end outstanding, maximum month-end outstanding and weighted average rates paid for each of the categories of short-term borrowings:   

Provisions of the Illinois banking laws place restrictions upon the amount of dividends that can be paid to the Company by the Bank.  The availability of dividends may be further limited because of the need to maintain capital ratios satisfactory to applicable regulatory agencies.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank was permitted to pay dividends due to having retained earnings of $5.5 million.   Dividends of $7.3 million were paid by the Bank to the Company during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   in order to pay down outstanding holding company debt.  
    
  The Company and Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s and Bank s financial results and condition.  Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.  The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors.  Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies.  
    
  Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total, common equity, Tier 1 capital and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and Tier 1 capital to average assets, each as defined in the applicable regulations.  Management believes that as of   September 30, 2016    

and   December 31, 2015  , the Company and the Bank each met all of their respective capital adequacy requirements.  See Note 11 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The allowance for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance.  When establishing the allowance for loan losses, management categorizes loans into risk categories generally based on the nature of the collateral and the basis of repayment. 
       
  The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectibility of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses, and may require the Company to recognize adjustments to its allowance based on their judgments of information available to them at the time of their examinations. 
    
  The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as either doubtful or substandard. For such loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the collateral value, discounted cash flows or observable market price of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers nonclassified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. These qualitative factors consider local economic trends, concentrations, management experience, and other elements of the Company s lending operations. 
  Foreclosed Assets 
  Assets acquired through loan foreclosure or other proceedings are initially recorded at fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. After foreclosure, foreclosed assets are held for sale and are carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs of disposal. Any valuation adjustments required at the date of transfer are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequently, unrealized losses and realized gains and losses on sales are included in other noninterest income. Operating results from foreclosed assets are recorded in other noninterest expense. 
  Income taxes 
  Deferred taxes are provided using the liability method. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, operating loss and tax credit carryforwards while deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.   
  The Company follows the accounting guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, which sets out a consistent framework to determine the appropriate level of tax reserves to maintain for uncertain tax positions. There were no uncertain tax positions as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods.  Deferred tax assets are recognized or sustained upon examination. The term more-likely-than-not means a likelihood of more than 50 percent; the terms examined and upon examination also include resolution of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date and is subject to management s judgment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of evidence available, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates. We are exposed to interest rate risk inherent in our lending and deposit taking activities as a financial institution. We offer an extensive variety of financial products to meet the diverse needs of our clients. These products sometimes contribute to interest rate risk for us when product groups do not complement one another. For example, depositors may want short-term deposits while borrower desire long-term loans. Changes in market interest rates may also result in changes in the fair value of our financial instruments, cash flows, and net interest income.  
    
  Interest rate risk is comprised of repricing risk, basis risk, yield curve risk and options risk. Repricing risk arises from 
  differences in the cash flow or repricing between asset and liability portfolios. Basis risk arises when asset and liability 
  portfolios are related to different market rate indexes, which do not always change by the same amount. Yield curve risk arises 
  when assets and liability portfolios are related to different maturities on a given yield curve; when the yield curve changes shape, the risk position is altered. Options risk arises from  embedded options  within asset and liability products because some borrowers have the option to prepay their loans when rates fall while some depositors can redeem their certificates of deposit early when rates rise. 
    
  We have established an ALCO for the Bank, which is responsible for the Bank's interest rate risk management. We have implemented a sophisticated asset/liability model at the Bank to measure interest rate risk. Interest rate risk measures include earnings simulation, economic value of equity ( EVE ) and gap analysis. 
    
  Gap analysis and EVE are static measures that do not incorporate assumptions regarding future business. Gap analysis, while a helpful diagnostic tool, displays cash flows for only a single rate environment. EVE's long-term horizon helps identify changes in optionality and longer-term positions. However, EVE's liquidation perspective does not translate into the earnings-based measures that are the focus of managing and valuing a going concern. Net interest income simulations explicitly measure the exposure to earnings from changes in market rates of interest. Our current financial position is combined with assumptions regarding future business to calculate net interest income under various hypothetical rate scenarios.  The Bank's ALCO reviews earnings simulations over the ensuing 12 and 24 months under various interest rate scenarios.  Reviewing these various measures provides us with a reasonably comprehensive view of our interest rate risk profile. 
    
  The following gap analysis compares the difference between the amount of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities subject to repricing over a period of time. A ratio of more than one indicates a higher level of repricing assets over repricing liabilities for the time period. Conversely, a ratio of less than one indicates a higher level of repricing liabilities over repricing assets for the time period.  

The table below does not include unrealized gains on investment securities of   $5.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  , in rate sensitive assets. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  The Company s management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of   September 30, 2016  .  Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer along with the chief financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION  
  Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 
  There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or any of their property is subject, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to their respective businesses. 
  
  Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
  Other than the risk factors listed below, there have been no material changes in the risk factors applicable to the Company from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors,  in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Please refer to that section of the Company s Form 10-K for disclosures regarding the risks and uncertainties related to the Company s business. 
  The acquisition of Mazon State Bank, and other potential future acquisitions, could be difficult to integrate, divert the attention of key personnel, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our financial results. 
  On March 14, 2016, we entered into the Merger Agreement providing for the acquisition of Mazon State Bank, which closed on  July 1, 2016. As part of our business strategy, we may consider acquisitions of other banks or financial institutions or branches, assets or deposits of such organizations. There is no assurance, however, that we will determine to pursue any of these opportunities or that if we determine to pursue them that we will be successful.  Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business, including: 
             
    difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products, existing contracts, accounting processes and personnel of the target company and realizing the anticipated synergies of the combined businesses; 
                
    difficulties in supporting and transitioning customers of the target company; 
                
    diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; 
                
    the price we pay or other resources that we devote may exceed the value we realize, or the value we could have realized if we had allocated the purchase price or other resources to another opportunity; 
                
    risks of entering new markets or areas in which we have limited or no experience or are outside our core competencies; 
                
    potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic alliances from either our current business or the business of the target company; 
                
    assumption of unanticipated problems or latent liabilities; and 
                
    inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs. 
       
  Future acquisitions may involve the issuance of our equity securities as payment or in connection with financing the business or assets acquired, and as a result, could dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. In addition, consummating these transactions could result in the incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense, as well as unforeseen liabilities, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The failure to successfully evaluate and execute acquisitions or otherwise adequately address the risks associated with acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  None 
  
  Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None 
  
  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

Item 5.  Other Information 
  None 
  
  Item 6.  Exhibits 
  See Exhibit Index 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
  First Community Financial Partners, Inc. 

FIRST COMMUNITY FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. 

Date: November 4, 2016 
    /s/ Glen L. Stiteley 
        
    Glen L. Stiteley 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Exhibit Index 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a311rule13a-14a_x15dx14ace.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 09 2016

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Roy C. Thygesen, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of First Community Financial Partners, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              c. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Roy C. Thygesen 
  Roy C. Thygesen 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a312rule13a-14a_15dx14acer.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 09 2016

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Glen L. Stiteley, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of First Community Financial Partners, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              c. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Glen L. Stiteley    
  Glen L. Stiteley 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a321section1350certificati.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 09 2016

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies that:  
    
  (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
    
  (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ Roy C. Thygesen 

Roy C. Thygesen 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a322section1350certificati.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTICIATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 09 2016

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies that:  
    
  (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
    
  (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ Glen L. Stiteley 

Glen L. Stiteley 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fcmp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fcmp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fcmp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fcmp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fcmp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fcmp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

