<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_855931_0001193125-16-754816_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7522151</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232572</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>5551459</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1447026</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>128</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-754816.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101121811
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-754816
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			POTASH CORP OF SASKATCHEWAN INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000855931
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Z4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10351
		FILM NUMBER:		161963866

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 500, 122 - 1ST AVENUE SOUTH
		CITY:			SASKATOON
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S7K 7G3
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3069338500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 500, 122 - 1ST AVENUE SOUTH
		CITY:			SASKATOON
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S7K 7G3

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-754816.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 d174286d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549    
         
   Form 10-Q        
 
  For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016       OR        
 
  Commission File Number 1-10351        
        Potash Corporation of
Saskatchewan Inc.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

Canada   
      
   N/A    
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of       incorporation or organization)    
      
     (I.R.S. Employer       Identification No.)     

122   1  st   Avenue South       Saskatoon, Saskatchewan,
Canada       (Address of principal executive offices)    
      
     S7K 7G3       (Zip Code)     
     306-933-8500        (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.        Yes             No               Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).        Yes             No               Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer           
     
  Accelerated filer           
     
  Non-accelerated filer           
      
  Smaller reporting company            

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).   
    Yes             No            
  As at September 30, 2016, Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. had 839,643,474 Common Shares outstanding.   

Part I. Financial Information        Item 1. Financial Statements          Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income             
    (See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements)   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)     

(2)  
  Available-for-sale investments are comprised of shares in Israel Chemicals Ltd., Sinofert Holdings Limited and other.     
 
    (See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements)   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow     

(See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements)       

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity     

(1)  
  All equity transactions were attributable to common shareholders.     

(2)  
  Any amounts incurred during a period are closed out to retained earnings at each period-end. Therefore, no balance exists at the beginning or end of period.
       (See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements)   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position     
       
    (See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements)   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     
   For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016        

Unaudited    
    In millions of US dollars except as otherwise noted      
    1. Significant Accounting Policies     
    Basis of Presentation     
    
   With its subsidiaries, Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. ( PCS )   together known as
 PotashCorp  or  the company  except to the extent the context otherwise requires   forms an integrated fertilizer and related industrial and feed products company. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements ( interim financial statements ) are based on International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ( IFRS ), and have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard ( IAS ) 34,  Interim Financial Reporting.  The accounting policies and methods of computation used in preparing these interim financial statements are consistent with those used in the preparation of the
company s 2015 annual consolidated financial statements.   

These interim financial statements include the accounts of PCS and its subsidiaries; however, they do not include all
disclosures normally provided in annual consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the company s 2015 annual consolidated financial statements. In management s opinion, the interim financial statements include
all adjustments necessary to fairly present such information. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for any other interim period or the fiscal year.      These interim financial statements were authorized by the audit committee of the Board of Directors for issue on November 1, 2016.

Standards, Amendments and Interpretations
Effective and Applied        The International Accounting Standards Board ( IASB ) and International Financial Reporting Interpretations
Committee ( IFRIC ) have issued the following standards and amendments or interpretations to existing standards that were effective and applied by the company.   

Standard   

Description   

Impact    

Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements   

Issued to improve the effectiveness of presentation and disclosure in financial reports, with the objective of reducing immaterial note
disclosures.  

Adopted prospectively effective January 1, 2016 with no change to the company s interim financial statements. Immaterial disclosures are
expected to be removed from the company s annual consolidated financial statements.   
 
   Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment and IAS 38, Intangible Assets   

Issued to clarify acceptable methods of depreciation and amortization.  

Adopted prospectively effective January 1, 2016 with no change to the company s interim financial statements.   
 
   Amendments to IFRS 11, Joint Arrangements   

Issued to provide additional guidance on accounting for the acquisition of an interest in a joint operation.  

Adopted prospectively effective January 1, 2016 with no change to the company s interim financial statements.   
      Standards, Amendments and Interpretations Not Yet Effective and Not Applied     
  The IASB and IFRIC have issued the following standards and amendments or interpretations to existing standards that were not yet effective and not applied as at
September 30, 2016. The company does not anticipate early adoption of these standards at this time.           

Standard   

Description   

Expected Impact   

Effective Date   (1)      

Amendments to IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows   

Issued to require a reconciliation of the opening and closing liabilities that form part of an entity s financing activities, including
both changes arising from cash flows and non-cash changes.  

The company is reviewing the standard to determine the potential impact.  

January 1, 2017, applied prospectively.    

Standard   

Description   

Expected Impact   

Effective Date   (1)      

Amendments to IAS 12, Income Taxes   

Issued to clarify the requirements on recognition of deferred tax assets for unrealized losses on debt instruments measured at fair
value.  

The company is reviewing the standard to determine the potential impact, if any; however, no significant impact is anticipated.  

January 1, 2017, applied retrospectively with certain practical expedients available.   
 
   IFRS 15, Revenue From Contracts With Customers   

Issued to provide guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers, including multiple-element arrangements and transactions
not previously addressed comprehensively, and to enhance disclosures about revenue.  

The company is reviewing the standard to determine the potential impact, if any.  

January 1, 2018, applied retrospectively with certain practical expedients available.   
 
   IFRS 9, Financial Instruments   

Issued to replace IAS 39, providing guidance on the classification, measurement and disclosure of financial instruments and introducing a
new hedge accounting model.  

The company is reviewing the standard to determine the potential impact, if any.  

January 1, 2018, applied retrospectively with certain exceptions.   
 
   Amendments to IFRS 2, Share-Based Payment   

Issued to provide clarification on the classification and measurement of share-based transactions. Specifically, accounting for cash-settled
share-based transactions, share-based payment transactions with a net settlement feature and modifications of share-based payment transactions that change classification from cash-settled to equity settled.  

The company is reviewing the standard to determine the potential impact, if any.  

January 1, 2018, with the option of retrospective or prospective application.   
 
   IFRS 16, Leases   

Issued to supersede IAS 17, IFRIC 4, SIC-15 and SIC-27, providing the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
of leases. Lessees will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by leases. Lessors will continue to classify leases using a similar approach to that of the superseded standards but with enhanced
disclosure to improve information about a lessor s risk exposure, particularly to residual value risk.  

The company is reviewing the standard to determine the potential impact.  

January 1, 2019, applied retrospectively with certain practical expedients available.   

(1)  
  Effective date for annual periods beginning on or after the stated date.     

2. Segment Information        The company has three reportable operating segments: potash, nitrogen and phosphate. These segments are differentiated by the chemical nutrient contained in the products that each produces. The accounting policies
of the segments are the same as those described in Note 1 and are measured in a manner consistent with that of the financial statements. Inter-segment sales are made under terms that approximate market value. The company s operating
segments have been determined based on reports reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer, assessed to be the company s chief operating decision-maker, that are used to make strategic decisions.   

(2)  
  Canpotex Limited ( Canpotex ).     

3.
Available-for-Sale Investments        The company assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence of impairment. A
significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the investment below its cost would be evidence that the asset is impaired. If objective evidence of impairment exists, the impaired amount (i.e. the unrealized loss) is recognized in net income;
any subsequent reversals would be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ( OCI ) and would not flow back into net income. Any subsequent decline in fair value below the carrying amount at the impairment date would represent a
further impairment to be recognized in net income.      At September 30, 2016, the company assessed whether there was objective evidence that its investment
in Israel Chemicals Ltd. ( ICL ) was impaired. The fair value of the investment, recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of financial position, was $684 compared to the cost of $704. Factors considered in assessing impairment
included the length of time and extent to which fair value had been below cost, and current financial and market conditions specific to ICL. The company concluded that objective evidence of impairment did not exist as at September 30, 2016 and, as a
result, the unrealized holding loss of $20 was included in accumulated OCI. Impairment will be assessed again in future reporting periods if the fair value is below cost. The fair value was determined through the market value of ICL shares on the
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.      During 2012, the company concluded its investment in Sinofert Holdings Limited ( Sinofert ) was impaired due to the
significance by which fair value was below cost. During 2014, the company concluded its investment in Sinofert was further impaired due to the fair value declining below the carrying amount of $238 at the previous impairment date. As a result,
impairment losses of $341 and $38 were recognized in net income during 2012 and 2014, respectively. At June 30, 2016, the company concluded its investment in Sinofert was further impaired due to the fair value declining below the carrying amount of
$200 at the previous impairment date. As a result, an impairment loss of $10 was recognized in net income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The fair value was determined through the market value of Sinofert shares on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange.      Changes in fair value, and related accounting, for the company s investment in Sinofert since December 31, 2014 were as follows:

(1)  
  Accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ).     

4. Other Income (Expenses)     
       
      5. Income Taxes        A separate estimated average annual effective tax rate was determined for each taxing jurisdiction and applied individually to the interim period pre-tax income of each jurisdiction.   
   
    Significant items to note include the following:       

The actual effective tax rate on ordinary earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same periods last year due to
significantly lower earnings in higher tax jurisdictions.          

In second-quarter 2016, a $10 discrete non-tax deductible impairment of the company s available-for-sale investment in Sinofert was recorded. This increased
the actual effective tax rate including discrete items for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 by one percentage point.          

In third-quarter 2015, a current tax recovery of $17 was recorded upon the conclusion of a tax authority audit.      
  Income tax balances within the condensed consolidated statements of financial position were comprised of the following:   

6. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow     
       
      7. Inventories         
   
        The following items affected cost of goods sold:   
   
        The carrying amount of inventory recorded at net realizable
value was $55 as at September 30, 2016 (December 31, 2015   $32), with the remaining inventory recorded at cost.   

8. Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits     
      A remeasurement of the defined benefit plan assets and liabilities was performed at June 30,
2016. Due to a change in the discount rate and actual return on plan assets, the company s defined benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations increased by $184, plan assets increased by $21 and deferred income taxes decreased
by $60. As a result, the company recorded net actuarial losses on defined benefit plan obligations of $103 in OCI, which was recognized immediately in retained earnings at June 30, 2016. There was no such remeasurement during the three months ended
September 30, 2016.      The net impact on assets and liabilities within the condensed consolidated statements of financial position at June 30, 2016 was as
follows:       

(Decrease) Increase   

Non-current assets   

Other assets   

$   
   (9   
   )     
 
    Non-current liabilities   

Deferred income tax liabilities   

(60   
   )     
 
    Pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities   

154   
         
    The discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for the company s significant plans at June 30, 2016 was 3.65
percent (December 31, 2015   4.35 percent).   
    
     9. Share Capital          Authorized        The company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares without par value
and an unlimited number of first preferred shares. The common shares are not redeemable or convertible. The first preferred shares may be issued in one or more series with rights and conditions to be determined by the Board of Directors. No first
preferred shares have been issued.        Issued         

Dividends Declared        The company declared dividends per share of $0.10 (2015   $0.38) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.60 (2015   $1.14) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
     In connection with the Proposed Transaction, as described in Note 15, under the terms of the Arrangement Agreement the company is permitted to pay
quarterly dividends up to but not in excess of existing rates.  

10. Share-Based Compensation        During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the company issued stock options and performance share units ( PSUs ) to eligible employees under the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ).
Information on stock options and PSUs is summarized below:       
    Grant date fair value per unit for stock options and share-settled PSUs is $2.04 and $17.19, respectively.   
    Stock Options        Under the LTIP, stock options generally
vest and become exercisable on the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to continuous employment or retirement, and have a maximum term of 10 years. The weighted average fair value of stock options granted was estimated as of the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:       
      Performance Share Units     
  Currently, PSUs granted under the LTIP are comprised of three tranches, with each tranche vesting based on the achievement of performance metrics over separate
performance periods ranging from one to three years, and will be settled in shares for grantees who are subject to the company s share ownership guidelines and in cash for all other grantees. PSUs will vest based on performance metrics
comprising the relative ranking of the company s total shareholder return compared with a specified peer group and the company s cash flow return on investment compared with its weighted average cost of capital. Compensation cost is
measured based on the grant date fair value of the units, adjusted for the company s best estimate of the outcome of non-market vesting conditions at the end of each period, for share-settled PSUs, and on period-end fair value of the awards for
cash-settled PSUs. The company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to estimate the outcome of relative total shareholder return.   
    11. Financial Instruments          Fair
Value        Estimated fair values for financial instruments are designed to approximate amounts for which the instruments could be exchanged in a
current arm s-length transaction between knowledgeable willing parties. The valuation policies and procedures for financial reporting purposes are determined by the company s finance department.   

Financial instruments included in the unaudited interim condensed consolidated statements of financial position are
measured either at fair value or amortized cost. The tables below explain the valuation methods used to determine the fair value of each financial instrument and its associated level in the fair value hierarchy.   

Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value    

Fair Value Method     

Cash and cash equivalents   

Assumed to approximate carrying value due to their short-term nature.   
 
   Available-for-sale investments   

Based on the closing bid price of the common shares (Level 1) on the primary exchanges in which the relevant shares are traded as at the
statements of financial position dates.   
 
   Foreign currency derivatives not traded in an active market   

Determined using quoted forward exchange rates (Level 2) as at the statements of financial position dates.   
 
   Natural gas swaps not traded in an active market   

Based on a discounted cash flow model. The inputs used in the model included contractual cash flows based on prices for natural gas futures
contracts, fixed prices and notional volumes specified by the swap contracts, the time value of money, liquidity risk, the company s own credit risk (related to instruments in a liability position) and counterparty credit risk (related to
instruments in an asset position). Futures contract prices used as inputs in the model were supported by prices quoted in an active market and therefore categorized in Level 2. Prior to December 31, 2015, certain contract prices used as inputs in
the model were not based on observable market data and therefore categorized in Level 3.   
 
   Natural gas futures   

Based on closing prices provided by the exchange (NYMEX) (Level 1) as at the statements of financial position dates.   

Financial Instruments Measured at Amortized Cost     

Fair Value Method     
 
   Receivables, short-term debt and payables and accrued charges   

Assumed to approximate carrying value due to their short-term nature.   
 
   Long-term debt senior notes   

Quoted market prices (Level 1 or 2 depending on the market liquidity of the debt).   
 
   Other long-term debt instruments   

Assumed to approximate carrying value.   
    Presented below is a comparison of the fair value of the company s senior notes to their carrying values.   

(1)  
  Includes net unamortized debt issue costs.     

The following table presents the company s fair value hierarchy for financial assets and financial liabilities
carried at fair value on a recurring basis.           

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Dates Using:   

Carrying Amount   
   of Asset   
   (Liability)    

Quoted Prices in   
   Active Markets for       Identical Assets       (Level 1)
  (1)      

Significant Other   
   Observable   
   Inputs       (Level
2)   (1,2)      

Significant   
   Unobservable   
   Inputs       (Level
3)   (2)      

September 30, 2016    

Derivative instrument assets   

Natural gas derivatives   

$   
            6   

$   

$   
            6   

$   

Available-for-sale investments    (3)      

886   

886   

Derivative instrument liabilities   

Natural gas derivatives   

(128   
   )    

(128   
   )    

December 31, 2015    

Derivative instrument assets   

Natural gas derivatives   

$  
  9  

$  

$  
  9  

$  

Available-for-sale investments    (3)      

984  

984  

Derivative instrument liabilities   

Natural gas derivatives   

(190  
  )   

(190  
  )   

Foreign currency derivatives   

(3  
  )   

(3  
  )   

(2)  
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no transfers into or out of Level 3. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2015, there were no
transfers into Level 3 and $120 of losses was transferred out of Level 3 into Level 2 as the company s valuation technique used a significant portion of observable inputs. The company s policy is to recognize transfers at the end
of the reporting period.     

(3)  
  Available-for-sale investments are comprised of shares in ICL, Sinofert and other.     
    
     12. Seasonality        The company s sales of fertilizer can be seasonal. Typically, fertilizer sales are highest in the second quarter of the year, due to the Northern Hemisphere s spring planting season. However, planting
conditions and the timing of customer purchases will vary each year, and fertilizer sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. Feed and industrial sales are more evenly distributed throughout the year.   
    13. Contingencies and Other Matters     
    Canpotex        PCS is a shareholder in Canpotex, a potash
export, sales and marketing company owned in equal shares by PCS and two other Canadian potash producers, which markets Canadian potash offshore. Should any operating losses or other liabilities be incurred by Canpotex, the shareholders have
contractually agreed to reimburse it for such losses or liabilities in proportion to each shareholder s productive capacity. Through September 30, 2016, there were no such operating losses or other liabilities.   
    Mining Risk        The risk of underground water inflows, as
with most other underground risks, is currently not insured.

Legal and Other Matters        The company is engaged in ongoing site assessment and/or remediation activities at a number of facilities and sites, and anticipated costs associated with these matters are added to accrued environmental costs in
the manner previously described in Note 22 to the company s 2015 annual consolidated financial statements. This includes matters related to investigation of potential brine migration at certain of the potash sites. The following environmental
site assessment and/or remediation matters have uncertainties that may not be fully reflected in the amounts accrued for those matters:   
   Nitrogen and phosphate        

The US Environmental Protection Agency ( USEPA ) has identified PCS Nitrogen, Inc. ( PCS Nitrogen ) as a potentially responsible party at the
Planters Property or Columbia Nitrogen site in Charleston, South Carolina. PCS Nitrogen is subject to a final judgment by the US District Court for the District of South Carolina allocating 30 percent of the liability for response costs at the site
to PCS Nitrogen, as well as a proportional share of any costs that cannot be recovered from another responsible party. In December 2013, the USEPA issued an order to PCS Nitrogen and four other respondents requiring them jointly and severally to
conduct certain cleanup work at the site and reimburse the USEPA s costs for overseeing that work. PCS Nitrogen is currently performing the work required by the

USEPA order. The USEPA also has requested reimbursement of approximately $5 of previously incurred response costs. The ultimate amount of liability for PCS Nitrogen depends upon, among other
factors, the final outcome of litigation to impose liability on additional parties, the amount needed for remedial activities, the ability of other parties to pay and the availability of insurance.      

PCS Phosphate Company, Inc. ( PCS Phosphate ) has agreed to participate, on a non-joint and several basis, with parties to an Administrative Settlement
Agreement with the USEPA ( Settling Parties ) in a removal action and the payment of certain other costs associated with PCB soil contamination at the Ward Transformer Superfund Site in Raleigh, North Carolina ( Site ), including
reimbursement of past USEPA costs. The removal activities commenced in August 2007. In September 2013, PCS Phosphate and other parties entered into an Administrative Order on Consent with the USEPA, pursuant to which a supplemental remedial
investigation and focused feasibility study will be performed on the portion of the Site that was subject to the removal action. The response actions are nearly complete. The completed and anticipated remaining work on the Site is estimated to cost
a total of $80. PCS Phosphate is a party to ongoing Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ( CERCLA ) contribution and cost-recovery litigation for the recovery of costs of the removal activities. In addition
to activities focused on the soil at the Site, PCS Phosphate signed a consent decree with USEPA and a number of entities in September 2016 requiring remediation downstream of the area subject to the removal action ( Operable Unit 1 ). PCS
Phosphate currently expects that it will not incur any remediation costs for Operable Unit 1 pursuant to the consent decree. Court entry of the Operable Unit 1 consent decree will effectively end the cost recovery/contribution litigation because
participants were required to settle with PCS Phosphate as a prerequisite and the consent decree requires participants to release all claims concerning the Site.      

In 1996, PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer, L.P. ( PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer ), then known as Arcadian Fertilizer, L.P., entered into a Consent Order (the
 Order ) with the Georgia Environmental Protection Division ( GEPD ) in conjunction with PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer s acquisition of real property in Augusta, Georgia. Under the Order, PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer is required to
perform certain activities to investigate and, if necessary, implement corrective measures for substances in soil and groundwater. The investigation has proceeded and the results have been presented to GEPD. Two interim corrective measures for
substances in groundwater have been proposed by PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer and approved by GEPD. PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer is implementing the approved interim corrective measures, which may be modified by PCS Nitrogen Fertilizer

from time to time, but it is unable to estimate with reasonable certainty the total cost of its correction action obligations under the Order at this time.      
  Based on current information and except for the uncertainties described in the preceding paragraphs, the company does not believe that its future obligations with
respect to these facilities and sites are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.      Other legal matters with significant uncertainties include the following:       Nitrogen and phosphate

The USEPA has an ongoing initiative to evaluate implementation within the phosphate industry of a particular exemption for mineral processing wastes under the
hazardous waste program. In connection with this industry-wide initiative, the USEPA conducted inspections at numerous phosphate operations and notified the company of alleged violations of the US Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
( RCRA ) at its plants in Aurora, North Carolina; Geismar, Louisiana; and White Springs, Florida. The company has entered into RCRA 3013 Administrative Orders on Consent and has performed certain site assessment activities at all of these
plants. At this time, the company does not know the scope of action, if any, that may be required. As to the alleged RCRA violations, the company continues to participate in settlement discussions with the USEPA but is uncertain if any resolution
will be possible without litigation, or, if litigation occurs, what the outcome would be. The company routinely monitors public information about the impacts of the initiative on other industry members, and it regularly considers this information in
establishing the appropriate asset retirement obligations and accruals.          

In August 2015, the USEPA finalized hazardous air pollutant emission standards for phosphoric acid manufacturing and phosphate fertilizer production ( Final
Rule ). The Final Rule includes certain new requirements for monitoring and emissions that are infeasible for the company to satisfy in a timely manner. As a result, in October 2015, the company filed a petition for reconsideration of certain
aspects of the Final Rule with the USEPA and a petition for review of the Final Rule with the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The USEPA granted the petition for reconsideration and the petition for review is being held in
abeyance pending the outcome of the USEPA proceeding, for which there is not a definite time frame for resolution. The company is participating in discussions with the USEPA to resolve the petition but whether future revisions to the Final Rule will
be made is uncertain. Required emissions testing at our Aurora facility in 2016 indicated some alleged exceedances of the mercury emission limits that were established by the Final Rule. The facility has communicated

with the relevant agencies about this issue and is in the process of developing a compliance strategy, the costs of which cannot be estimated with any certainty at this time. In September 2016,
the company filed an amended petition for reconsideration of the mercury emission limit in the Final Rule with the USEPA. However, whether the USEPA will grant any relief is uncertain. In the interim, the North Carolina Department of Environmental
Quality ( NCDEQ ) has issued a Notice of Violation associated with the facility s alleged exceedances of the new mercury limits, and the company is working with the NCDEQ to address these alleged violations via a negotiated
settlement.          General        

The countries where we operate are parties to the Paris Agreement adopted in December 2015 pursuant to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Each country that is a party to the Paris Agreement submitted an Intended Nationally Determined Contribution ( INDC ) toward the control of greenhouse gas emissions. The impacts of these INDCs on the company s operations cannot be
determined with any certainty at this time. Prior to the adoption of the Paris Agreement, the USEPA adopted several rules to control such emissions using authority under existing environmental laws. None of these regulations has resulted in material
limitations on greenhouse gas emissions at the company s facilities. In October 2016, the Canadian government announced a national plan to put a price on carbon emissions beginning in 2018 of $10 per tonne and increasing by $10 per tonne
each year through 2022 to be implemented either through a carbon tax or a cap and trade program at the election of each province. The province of Saskatchewan previously announced plans to impose a type of carbon levy on emissions over 2006 levels
with an associated technology fund, but the status of those plans is uncertain. The company is monitoring these developments and their future effect on its operations cannot be determined with certainty at this time.      
  In addition, various other claims and lawsuits are pending against the company in the ordinary course of business. While it is not possible to determine the
ultimate outcome of such actions at this time, and inherent uncertainties exist in predicting such outcomes, it is the company s belief that the ultimate resolution of such actions is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect
on its consolidated financial statements.      The breadth of the company s operations and the global complexity of tax regulations require assessments
of uncertainties

and judgments in estimating the taxes it will ultimately pay. The final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions,
outcomes of tax litigation and resolution of disputes arising from federal, provincial, state and local tax audits. The resolution of these uncertainties and the associated final taxes may result in adjustments to the company s
tax assets and tax liabilities.      The company owns facilities that have been either permanently or indefinitely shut down. It expects to incur
nominal annual expenditures for site security and other maintenance costs at certain of these facilities. Should the facilities be dismantled, certain other shutdown-related costs may be incurred. Such costs are not expected to have a material
adverse effect on the company s consolidated financial statements and would be recognized and recorded in the period in which they are incurred.        14. Related Party Transactions        The company sells potash from its Saskatchewan mines for
use outside Canada and the US exclusively to Canpotex. Sales are at prevailing market prices and are settled on normal trade terms. Sales to Canpotex for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $221 (2015   $316) and the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were $559 (2015   $1,084). At September 30, 2016, $107 (December 31, 2015   $148) was owing from Canpotex.        15. Proposed Transaction with Agrium        On September 11, 2016, the company entered into an
Arrangement Agreement with Agrium Inc. ( Agrium ) pursuant to which the company and Agrium have agreed to combine their businesses (the  Proposed Transaction ) in a merger of equals transaction to be implemented by way of a plan
of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act. The Proposed Transaction is currently anticipated to be completed in mid-2017 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including shareholder, court and other regulatory approvals.
     Upon the closing of the Proposed Transaction, the company and Agrium will become indirect, wholly owned subsidiaries of a new parent company. PotashCorp
shareholders will own approximately 52 percent of the new parent, and Agrium shareholders will own approximately 48 percent.      During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the company incurred $8 of costs in connection with the Proposed Transaction. These costs primarily included financial advisory, legal and consulting fees.

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations (in US dollars)        The following discussion and analysis is the responsibility of management and is as at November 1, 2016. The Board
of Directors (Board) carries out its responsibility for review of this disclosure principally through its audit committee, comprised exclusively of independent directors. The audit committee reviews and, prior to its publication, approves this
disclosure, pursuant to the authority delegated to it by the Board. The term  PCS  refers to Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. and the terms  we,   us,   our,   PotashCorp  and  the
company  refer to PCS and, as applicable, PCS and its direct and indirect subsidiaries as a group. Additional information relating to PotashCorp (which, except as otherwise noted, is not incorporated by reference herein), including our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (2015 Form 10-K), can be found on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. The company is a foreign private issuer under the rules and regulations of the US
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC); however, it currently files voluntarily on the SEC s domestic forms.   
   PotashCorp and Our Business Environment    
  PotashCorp is an integrated producer of fertilizer, industrial and animal feed products. We are the world s largest fertilizer company by capacity, producing
the three primary crop nutrients: potash (K), nitrogen (N) and phosphate (P). Our Canadian potash operations   the primary focus and namesake of our company   represent one-fifth of global capacity. To enhance our global
footprint, we also have investments in four potash-related businesses in South America, the Middle East and Asia. We complement our potash assets with focused positions in nitrogen and phosphate.   
  A detailed description of our markets and customers can be found on pages 51 and 52 (potash), 61 and 62 (nitrogen) and 69 and 70 (phosphate) in our 2015 Annual
Integrated Report (2015 AIR).       How We Approach Governance       We believe strong governance creates the environment for a successful company, and effective governance begins at the top. Our Board provides guidance and oversight, while management defines and executes strategy
and simultaneously manages risk.      Success at the Board and management level at PotashCorp involves setting the right program priorities, having the
appropriate team members in place, evaluating ourselves, continuing our education and communicating with our stakeholders. Grounded by our objective of creating superior shareholder value, our Board and management team consider the interdependence
between strategy and risk to inform how to best position the company to achieve sustainable growth.

There have been no significant changes to how we approach governance from that described in our 2015 AIR
(see pages 14 to 19).       How We Approach Strategy       Our Value Model, outlined on page 9 in our 2015 AIR, informs the strategies we put in place to affect value creation over time.      We believe strong financial health and performance are the cornerstones of PotashCorp. They reward our shareholders while allowing us to fulfill our broader social and environmental responsibilities. Our long-term
objective is to create superior shareholder value by: growing earnings and cash flow while minimizing volatility; protecting and enhancing a premium valuation multiple; and maintaining the trust and support of our stakeholders.   
  Our strategy is to prioritize earnings growth and investment opportunities in potash, while complementing our business with other best-in-class assets. Our
strategic priorities, depicted below and described in further detail, along with key target metrics, on pages 23 to 25 in our 2015 AIR did not change during the third quarter of 2016.   

Proposed Transaction       During the third quarter of 2016, the company entered into an arrangement agreement (the Arrangement Agreement) with Agrium Inc. (Agrium) pursuant to which the company and Agrium have agreed to combine their
businesses (the Proposed Transaction) in a merger of equals transaction to be implemented by way of a plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act (the CBCA). Upon the closing of the Proposed Transaction, the company and Agrium
will become indirect, wholly owned subsidiaries of a new parent company (New Parent). PotashCorp shareholders will own approximately 52 percent of New Parent, and Agrium shareholders will own approximately 48 percent. The Proposed Transaction is
currently anticipated to be completed in mid-2017 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including shareholder, court and other regulatory approvals.

We believe that the creation of the combined company pursuant to the Proposed Transaction is aligned with our
long-term objective to create superior shareholder value through 1) the creation of a world-class integrated global supplier of crop inputs; 2) the creation of a  pre-eminent  low-cost producer of potash
and high-quality nitrogen and phosphate; 3) a leading retail-distribution platform combined with two world-class nutrient production platforms; 4) significant value creation from synergies of up to approximately $500 million; 5) compelling
growth opportunities; 6) enhanced financial flexibility through a strong pro forma balance sheet and substantial cash flow to support growth initiatives and shareholder returns, including a robust dividend

payout to return excess capital to shareholders, and a strong investment grade rating profile; and 7) best-in-class leadership and governance.   
  For a discussion of various risks relating to the Proposed Transaction, see the section  How We Approach Risk  below and Item 1A  Risk Factors 
included in Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, please refer to our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and the documents filed therewith, filed with the SEC on September 12, 2016 and on October 6, 2016 and the various filings with
Canadian provincial securities commissions including the joint information circular of PCS and Agrium dated October 3, 2016.

How We Approach Risk
      In our 2015 AIR, we provide an overview of our approach to risk (page 27), explain how we use a risk management-ranking methodology to assess the
key risks specific to our company (page 28) and provide a description of, management approach to and any significant developments for each key risk (pages 29 to 33). For a discussion on the risks applicable to PotashCorp, including risks related to
the Proposed Transaction, see item 1A  Risk Factors  included in Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.      Our risk-ranking matrix, in
terms of residual severity of consequence and likelihood, is displayed below.         

Key risks with rankings unchanged from our 2015 AIR were as follows:   

Risk   

Risk   
   Ranking    

Associated Strategies   (1)     

Risk   

Risk   
   Ranking    

Associated Strategies   (1)      

Global potash demand  

B   

Sustaining growth opportunities  

C    

Competitive supply  

B   

Trinidad natural gas supply  

C    

Offshore potash sales and distribution  

B   

Cyber security  

C   

Safety, health, environment and security  

C   

Realization of asset values  

D   

Extreme loss  

C   

Transportation and distribution infrastructure  

D   

International operations and non-operated assets  

C   

(1)  
  Brighter sections indicate the strategic priority (described on page 18 of this Form 10-Q) impacted by the risk. Faded sections mean the strategic priority is not
significantly affected by the risk.     

Risks that have become key risks and key risks with rankings that have changed since our 2015 AIR were as follows:

Risk   

Risk   
   Ranking    

Associated Strategies   (1)     

Developments    

Stakeholders  support for our business plans  

C   

The overall risk ranking remained a C. With anticipated benefits associated with the Proposed Transaction being subject to economic conditions
at closing and requisite approvals yet to be obtained, we now include this as a key risk.   
 
  Operating capability  

D   

The overall risk ranking has decreased from C to D. We have reduced the likelihood of this risk given the expected completion of our Rocanville
capacity expansion later this year.   

(1)  
  Brighter sections indicate the strategic priority (described on page 18 of this Form 10-Q) impacted by the risk. Faded sections mean the strategic priority is
not significantly affected by the risk.         Key Performance Drivers   Performance Compared to Targets
      Through our integrated value model, we set, evaluate and refine our targets to drive improvements that benefit all those impacted by our business.
We demonstrate our accountability by tracking and reporting our performance against targets related to each strategic priority set out on pages 40 to 47 in our 2015 AIR. A summary of our progress against selected strategic priorities and
representative annual targets is set out below.       

Strategic Priority   

Representative 2016 Annual Target   

Performance to September 30, 2016    

Portfolio   Return Optimization   

Exceed total shareholder return (TSR) performance for our sector and the DAXglobal Agribusiness Index.  

PotashCorp s TSR was 1 percent in the first nine months of 2016 compared to our sector s weighted average return (based on market
capitalization    (1)   ) of -9 percent and the DAXglobal
Agribusiness Index weighted average return (based on market capitalization) of 8 percent.   
 
   Operational Excellence   

Achieve 96 percent ammonia reliability rate    (2)    for all US nitrogen plants and 88 percent in Trinidad.  

Our ammonia reliability rate was 98 percent in the US and 94 percent in Trinidad for the first nine months of 2016.   
 
   People Development   

Maintain an annual employee turnover rate of 5 percent or less (excluding retirements and workforce changes related to suspension of Picadilly
potash operations).  

Employee turnover rate (excluding retirements and workforce changes related to Picadilly) on an annualized basis for the first nine months of
2016 was 3 percent.   
 
   Safety   Health Excellence   

Achieve zero life-altering injuries at our sites.  

There were no life-altering injuries at our sites during the first nine months of 2016.   

Reduce total site recordable
injury rate to 0.85 (or lower) and total lost-time injury rate to 0.09 (or lower).   

During the first nine months
of 2016, total site recordable injury rate was 0.92 and total lost-time injury rate was 0.08.    
 
   Environmental Excellence   

By 2018, reduce total reportable incidents (releases, permit excursions and spills) by 40 percent from 2014 levels.  

Annualized total reportable incidents were down 6 percent during the first nine months of 2016 compared to 2014 annual levels. Compared to the
first nine months of 2015, total reportable incidents were up 6 percent.   

(1)  
  TSRs are based on the currencies of the primary exchanges in which the relevant shares are traded.     

(2)  
  Page 41 of our 2015 AIR initially described US and Trinidad operating rate percentages as our target. The company has clarified that the target refers to ammonia
reliability rate, the company s focus in the nitrogen segment. Operating rate is defined as actual production divided by capacity. Reliability rate is defined as actual production divided by capacity less non-reliability related downtime.
        Performance Overview    
  This discussion and analysis are based on the company s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (financial statements in this Form 10-Q) based on International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS), unless otherwise stated. All references to per-share amounts pertain
to diluted net income per share.      For an understanding of trends, events, uncertainties and the effect of critical accounting estimates on our results
and financial condition, this Form 10-Q should be read carefully, together with our 2015 AIR.   

Earnings Guidance   Third Quarter 2016     
       
      Overview of Actual Results         

n/m  
  = not meaningful         

Earnings in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 were lower than the same periods of 2015 due to lower
gross margins in potash, nitrogen and phosphate more than offsetting decreased income taxes and provincial mining and other taxes.      Global potash demand
strengthened in the third quarter. Shipments to Latin America accelerated ahead of Brazil s key planting season, and the settlement of contracts with customers in China and India led to the re-emergence of deliveries to these markets late in
the quarter. Low dealer inventories and anticipation of a strong fall application season supported robust demand in North America. In this environment, global spot prices increased from last quarter s lows.   
  Nitrogen markets remained at multi-year lows through the quarter. Benchmark prices were pressured by lower global energy costs and increased supply   including
in North America where a number of new projects began ramping up. This impact was most evident in ammonia, while urea prices were more resilient due to relatively strong global demand and reduced exports from China.

Global phosphate markets were subdued during the third quarter as reduced Chinese exports were largely offset by
increased production in other key producing regions. Liquid fertilizer prices declined more significantly as markets adjusted to the deterioration in prices of solid phosphate fertilizer products earlier in the year.   
  Other comprehensive income for the third quarter of 2016 was primarily the result of increases in the fair value of our investments in Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL)
and Sinofert Holdings Limited (Sinofert). Other comprehensive loss for the first nine months of 2016 was primarily impacted by a net actuarial loss resulting from a remeasurement of our defined benefit plans and decreases in the fair value of our
investments in ICL and Sinofert. Other comprehensive loss for the third quarter of 2015 mainly resulted from a decrease in the fair value of our investments in ICL and Sinofert. Other comprehensive loss for the first nine months of 2015 mainly
resulted from a decrease in the fair value of our investment in ICL.   

Operating Segment Review       We report our results (including gross margin) in three business segments: potash, nitrogen and phosphate as described in Note 2 to the financial statements in this Form 10-Q. Our reporting structure reflects
how we manage our business and how we classify our operations for planning and measuring performance. We include net sales in segment disclosures in the financial statements in this Form 10-Q pursuant to IFRS, which require segmentation based upon
our internal organization and reporting of revenue and profit measures. As a component of gross margin, net sales (and the related per-tonne amounts) are the primary revenue measures we use and review in making decisions about operating matters on a
business segment basis. These decisions include assessments about potash, nitrogen and phosphate performance and the resources to be allocated to these segments. We also use net sales (and the related per-tonne amounts) for business planning and
monthly forecasting. Net sales are calculated as sales revenues less freight, transportation and distribution expenses. Realized prices refer to net sales prices.      Our discussion of segment operating performance is set out below and includes nutrient product and/or market performance results, where applicable, to give further insight into these results.   

Potash Performance     
   Financial Performance        

(1)  
  Rounding differences may occur due to the use of whole dollars in per-tonne calculations.     

(1)  
  Rounding differences may occur due to the use of whole dollars in per-tonne calculations.     
 
      Potash gross margin variance was attributable to:   
       
        Sales to major offshore markets were as follows:   

(1)  
  Canpotex Limited (Canpotex).     

(2)  
  All Asian markets except China and India.     

(3)  
  Our international customers were served by New Brunswick through 2015, and have since been served through Canpotex.     

The most significant contributors to the change in total gross margin were as follows (direction of arrows refers to
impact on gross margin):       

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Net Sales Prices    

Our
 average realized price was down, reflecting the significant price decline experienced in the first half of 2016.   

Prices
 declined mainly as a result of weaker demand through the first half of 2016 and increased competitive pressures.    
 
     Sales Volumes    

Record
 sales volumes for the quarter were due to strong engagement in nearly all key markets.   

Offshore
 volumes were down largely due to the absence of contracts in China and India in the first half of 2016.    

Stronger
 North America demand was driven by agronomic need and strong potash affordability.    
 
     Cost of Goods Sold    

Maintenance costs were higher at Rocanville and Lanigan as annual maintenance at these sites was completed in the third quarter of 2016, while in 2015 it was deferred from the
third quarter to the fourth quarter.      
                Royalty
 costs declined due to lower average North America listed sales prices per tonne.                       North America cost of goods sold variance was negative due to more of that product coming from mines impacted
by deferred annual maintenance noted above.                       Offshore cost of goods sold variance was positive as a relatively higher percentage of products sold was
produced at lower-cost mines.   

North America cost of goods sold variance was negative due to the indefinite suspension of potash operations at Picadilly in the first quarter of 2016 and annual maintenance
costs being deferred to the fourth quarter in 2015.                       The Canadian dollar weakened relative to the US dollar.  
               
     Shutdown weeks were higher in 2016 (21 weeks) compared to 2015 (13 weeks), largely as a result of our strategy to match production to market demand.  
               
     Royalty costs declined due to lower average North America listed sales prices per tonne.    

Non-Financial Performance        

The most significant contributors to the changes in non-financial results were as follows:   

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Production   

Production was down due to the indefinite suspension of our Picadilly potash operations (no production in 2016).   
 
   Safety   

There were 13 recordable injuries, with no lost-time injuries in 2016, compared to 25 recordable injuries and no lost-time injuries in
2015.  

In 2016, there were 38 recordable injuries and two lost-time injuries and in 2015 there were 57 recordable injuries and three lost-time
injuries. The decrease in injury rates between years was partially offset by fewer hours worked in 2016 compared to 2015.   
 
   Employee   

Employee turnover fell as departures decreased to 22 in 2016 compared to 32 in 2015.  

Employee turnover fell as departures decreased to 68 in 2016 compared to 83 in 2015.   
 
   Environmental   

In 2016, we experienced one release of oil/grease into a containment pond and one wetland permit exceedance for topsoil. In 2015, we experienced two brine spills.  

In 2016, we experienced six incidents: two potash spills, one brine spill, one water release with high suspended solids, one oil/grease spill and one wetland permit exceedance for
topsoil. In the first nine months of 2015, environmental incidents included brine spills and a minor propane gas release.   

Less waste was produced during manufacturing due to lower potash production quarter over quarter and year over
year.   
          Nitrogen Performance     
   Financial Performance        

(1)  
  Rounding differences may occur due to the use of whole dollars in per-tonne calculations.     

(2)  
  Includes inter-segment ammonia sales, comprised of: net sales $13 million, cost of goods sold $7 million and 37,000 sales tonnes (2015   net sales $25
million, cost of goods sold $9 million and 43,000 sales tonnes). Inter-segment profits are eliminated on consolidation.     

(3)  
  Comprised of third-party and inter-segment sales, including: third-party net sales $4 million less cost of goods sold $2 million (2015   net sales $6 million
less cost of goods sold $2 million) and inter-segment net sales $1 million less cost of goods sold $NIL (2015   net sales $NIL less cost of goods sold $NIL). Inter-segment profits are eliminated on consolidation.     

(1)  
  Rounding differences may occur due to the use of whole dollars in per-tonne calculations.     

(3)  
  Comprised of third-party and inter-segment sales, including: third-party net sales $15 million less cost of goods sold $4 million (2015   net sales $30
million less cost of goods sold $18 million) and inter-segment net sales $1 million less cost of goods sold $NIL (2015   net sales $1 million less cost of goods sold $NIL). Inter-segment profits are eliminated on consolidation.
       Nitrogen gross margin variance was attributable to:       

The most significant contributors to the change in total gross margin were as follows (direction of arrows refers to
impact on gross margin):           

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Net Sales Prices    

Weaker benchmark pricing pulled down realizations for all our products.   

Our average realized price declined as lower global energy costs and new nitrogen capacity pressured prices for all
products.    
 
     Sales Volumes    

Sales volumes were up due to increased production at our expanded Lima facility.   

Volumes grew due to increased demand and additional production availability at our recently expanded Lima facility. In 2015,
volumes were impacted by weaker fertilizer demand and limited product availability from our Lima facility.    
 
     Cost of Goods Sold    

Average costs, including our hedge position, for natural gas
used as feedstock in production decreased 31 percent. Costs for natural gas used as feedstock in Trinidad production fell 49 percent (contract price indexed primarily to Tampa ammonia prices) while our US spot costs for natural gas decreased 2
percent. Including losses on our hedge position, our US gas prices fell 10 percent.         

Average costs, including our hedge position, for natural gas
used as feedstock in production decreased 31 percent. Costs for natural gas used as feedstock in Trinidad production fell 42 percent (contract price indexed primarily to Tampa ammonia prices) while our US spot costs for natural gas decreased 18
percent. Including losses on our hedge position, our US gas prices fell 18 percent.          

Non-Financial Performance       

The most significant contributors to the changes in non-financial results were as follows:   

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Safety    

In 2016 there were three recordable injuries compared to eight in 2015. There were no lost-time incidents in 2016 compared to one in
2015.  

There were nine recordable injuries, including two lost-time injuries in 2016 compared to 11 recordable injuries and one lost-time injury in
2015.   
 
     Employee    

Employee turnover rose as departures increased to seven in 2016 compared to five in 2015.  

Employee turnover fell as departures decreased to 14 in 2016 compared to 24 in 2015.   
 
     Environmental    

Environmental incidents in 2016 involve one ammonia release and one NOx/nitric acid release event. In 2015, two ammonia releases
occurred.  

The six incidents in 2016 consisted of three ammonia releases, one urea solution spill, one fluoride air permit exceedance and one NOx/nitric
acid release event. Environmental incidents in 2015 consisted of four ammonia releases and one urea solution spill.   
      Phosphate Performance         Financial Performance        

(1)  
  Rounding differences may occur due to the use of whole dollars in per-tonne calculations.     

(1)  
  Rounding differences may occur due to the use of whole dollars in per-tonne calculations.     

Phosphate gross margin variance was attributable to:   
       
             The most
significant contributors to the change in total gross margin were as follows (direction of arrows refers to impact on gross margin):       

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Net Sales Prices    

Our average realized price was down due to increased competitive supply and lower input costs.   

Our average realized price was down, most notably for fertilizer products, as a result of weaker demand and lower input
costs.    
 
     Cost of Goods Sold    

Sulfur costs were down 43 percent, decreasing our cost of
goods sold.                  Favorable adjustments to our asset retirement obligations
occurred in 2016 (due to an increase in the relevant discount rates) while unfavorable adjustments occurred in 2015 (due to a decrease in the relevant discount rates).   

Cost of goods sold was lower due to the initial realization
of efficiency and procurement initiatives started in the second half of 2015, lower sulfur costs (36 percent) and reduced ammonia costs (26 percent).      
      
     A discount rate reduction resulted in an increase in provisions for asset retirement obligations.  
               An impairment of property, plant and equipment related to a
product that the company will no longer produce resulted in a negative cost of goods sold variance in feed and industrial.    

Non-Financial Performance        
    The most significant contributors to the changes in non-financial results were as follows:   

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Safety    

In 2016, there were seven recordable injuries, with no lost-time injuries, compared to six recordable injuries and
three lost-time injuries in 2015.  

In 2016, there were 21 recordable injuries compared to 19 recordable in 2015. Combined with slightly more hours
worked in 2016, a slightly higher recordable injury frequency resulted. There were two lost-time injuries in 2016 compared to four in 2015.   
 
     Environmental    

In 2016, one incident involved a slightly low water pH release. In 2015, there were two air permit exceedances.  

In 2016, incidents were related to a release of higher suspended solids in waste water, a release of ammonia to air, one air permit exceedance for mercury and one slightly low water
pH release. In 2015, incidents primarily related to releases of higher suspended solids and phosphorus in waste water and a phosphoric acid spill.   

Water consumption
rose quarter over quarter and year over year as certain processes at our White Springs facility continue to need water even when product is not being manufactured.    
     Other Expenses and Income        

n/m  
  = not meaningful     

The most significant contributors to the change in other expenses and income were as follows:   

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year   

Provincial Mining and Other Taxes    

Provincial mining and other taxes decreased primarily due to weaker potash prices.  

Earnings of Equity-Accounted Investees   

Share of earnings of equity-accounted investees pertains primarily to SQM and APC. Lower earnings were mainly due to lower earnings
at APC.  

Dividend Income    

Change was not significant.  

Dividend income from ICL decreased.  

Impairment of Available-for-Sale Investment   

As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements in this Form 10-Q, a non-taxable impairment loss of $10 million was
recorded in net income during the first nine months of 2016 ($NIL for the third quarter of 2016) on our investment in Sinofert ($NIL for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015).  

Finance Costs    

Income Taxes    

For the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, income taxes decreased due to significantly lower earnings in higher
tax jurisdictions. For the first nine months of 2016, 89 percent of the effective tax rate on the current year s ordinary earnings pertained to current income taxes (2015   60 percent) and 11 percent related to deferred
income taxes (2015   40 percent). The increase in the current portion was due to different income weightings between jurisdictions.  

Effective Tax Rates and Discrete Items   
  Dollars (millions), except percentage amounts         

Three Months Ended  
  September 30   

Nine Months Ended  
  September 30   

2016   

2015  

2016   

2015  

Actual effective tax rate on ordinary earnings  

16%   

27%  

20%   

27%  

Actual effective tax rate including discrete items  

2%   

24%  

17%   

26%  

Discrete tax adjustments that impacted the rate  

$   
   11   

$  
  11  

$   
   11   

$  
  5  
       
     Other Non-Financial Information    

(1)  
  Includes tax and royalty amounts on an accrual basis calculated as: current income tax expense less investment tax credits and realized excess tax benefit related to
share-based compensation plus potash production tax, resource surcharge, royalties, municipal taxes and other miscellaneous taxes.        The
most significant contributors to the change in other non-financial information were as follows:       

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Taxes and Royalties    

Taxes and royalties declined due to the decreases in provincial mining and other taxes (described above) and in current income
taxes. The reduction in current income taxes was primarily due to significantly lower earnings in 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015.   

Financial Condition Review         Statement of Financial Position Analysis             

The most significant contributors to the changes in our statements of financial position were as follows (direction of arrows
refers to increase or decrease):           

Assets   

Liabilities    

Investments were largely impacted by the lower fair value of our available-for-sale investments in Sinofert and ICL.   

Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt grew due to an increase in our outstanding commercial paper.  

Payables and accrued charges were lower mainly due to a decrease in dividends payable and lower trade payables.  

Pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities were impacted by lower discount
rates.     

Equity    
 
             Equity was mainly impacted by net income (discussed in more detail above) and dividends declared.    
    As at September 30, 2016, $107 million (December 31, 2015   $61 million) of our cash and cash equivalents was held in certain
foreign subsidiaries. There are no current plans to repatriate the funds at September 30, 2016 in a manner that would result in tax consequences.       Liquidity and Capital Resources         Cash Requirements     
   Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments    
  Our contractual obligations and other commitments detailed on page 82 of our 2015 AIR summarize certain of our liquidity and capital resource requirements,
excluding obligations that have original maturities of less than one year, planned (but not legally committed) capital expenditures or potential share repurchases. The signing of ammonia vessel agreements in the first quarter of 2016 increased our
operating leases in the contractual obligations and other commitments table referenced above as follows to September 30: 2017   $28 million, 2018   $26 million, 2019   $26 million, 2020   $26 million, 2021
  $26 million and thereafter   $126 million.   

Capital Expenditures    

Page 57 of our 2015 AIR outlines key potash construction projects and their expected total cost, as well as the
impact of these projects on capacity expansion/debottlenecking and any expected remaining spending on each project still in progress. There have been no significant changes to the costs of these projects during the third quarter of 2016.   
  We anticipate that all capital spending will be financed by internally generated cash flows supplemented, if and as necessary, by borrowing from existing or other
available financing sources.   

Sources and Uses of Cash
       The company s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities are summarized in the following table:   

n/m  
  = not meaningful           

The most significant contributors to the changes in cash flows were as follows:   

Quarter over Quarter   

Year over Year    

Cash Provided by Operating Activities   

Cash provided by operating activities was impacted by:  
          Lower net income in 2016;  
             Cash inflows from inventories in 2016 compared to outflows in 2015; and  
             Cash inflows from payables in 2016 compared to cash outflows in 2015.   

Cash provided by operating activities was impacted by:  
             Lower net income in 2016;      
         A
 lower non-cash provision for deferred income taxes;                Cash inflows from inventories in 2016 compared to outflows in 2015;
and                Cash outflows from payables in 2016 compared to cash inflows in 2015.    
 
   Cash Used in Investing Activities   

Cash used in investing activities was primarily for additions to property, plant and equipment.   
 
   Cash Used in Financing Activities   

Cash used in financing activities in 2016 was largely the result of dividends paid more than offsetting proceeds from the issuance of commercial
paper. Cash used in financing activities in 2015 was primarily due to repayment of senior notes and dividends paid exceeding proceeds from commercial paper.  

Cash used in financing activities in 2016 was largely the result of dividends paid more than offsetting proceeds from the issuance of commercial
paper. Cash used in financing activities in 2015 was primarily due to dividends paid, repayment of senior notes and repayment of commercial paper exceeding proceeds from senior notes.   

We believe that internally generated cash flow, supplemented if and as necessary by available borrowings under our
existing financing sources, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated capital expenditures and other cash requirements for at least the next 12 months, inclusive of requirements relating to the Proposed Transaction, but exclusive of any
possible acquisitions. At this time, we do not reasonably expect any presently known trend or uncertainty to materially affect our ability to access our historical sources of liquidity.   

Capital Structure and Management         Principal Debt Instruments           

We use a combination of cash generated from operations and short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. We typically
pay floating rates of interest on our short-term debt and credit facility, and fixed rates on our senior notes.      During the first quarter of 2016, the
company extended its entire $3,500 million credit facility to May 31, 2020 and in the second quarter of 2016, $3,250 million was extended to May 31, 2021. During the third quarter of 2016, we extended the maturity on our $75 million short-term
line of credit to August 2017 (from August 2016). There were no other significant changes to the nature of our outstanding commercial paper, credit facility, short-term line of credit and uncommitted letter of credit facility described on page 85 in
our 2015 AIR. As at September 30, 2016, interest rates on outstanding commercial paper ranged from 0.8 percent to 1.0 percent. (December 31, 2015   0.5 percent to 0.8 percent).   
  The line of credit and credit facility have financial tests and covenants, including consequences of non-compliance, with which we must comply at each quarter-end.
The covenants

referenced on page 85 of our 2015 AIR remained consistent during the first nine months of 2016, with the exception of certain covenants for our credit facility and short-term line of credit. For
our credit facility, the debt-to-capital ratio covenant was increased from 0.60 to 0.65 and the long-term debt-to-EBITDA covenant was removed in the second quarter of 2016. During the third quarter of 2016 these same covenant changes were applied to
our short-term line of credit. We were in compliance with all covenants as at September 30, 2016 and at this time anticipate being in compliance with such covenants through 2016.      The accompanying table summarizes the limits and results of certain covenants:       
    The following non-IFRS financial measure is a requirement of our debt covenants and should not be considered as a substitute
for, nor superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS:   

(1)  
  Debt-to-capital ratio = debt (short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt + long-term debt) / (debt + shareholders  equity).     
  Our ability to access reasonably priced debt in the capital markets is dependent, in part, on the quality of our credit ratings. We currently maintain
investment-grade credit ratings for our long-term debt. A downgrade of the credit rating of our long-term debt would increase the interest rates applicable to borrowings under our credit facility and our line of credit.   
  Commercial paper markets are normally a source of same-day cash for the company. Our access to the US commercial paper market primarily depends on maintaining our
current short-term credit ratings as well as general conditions in the money markets.   

(1)  
  S P assigned a global commercial paper rating of A-2, but rated our commercial paper A-1 (low) on a Canadian scale.     
  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Such rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the respective credit
rating agency and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.      Our $3,750 million of senior notes were issued under US shelf
registration statements. Under certain conditions related to a change in control, the company is required to make an offer to purchase all, or any part, of the senior notes at 101 percent of the $3,750 million outstanding principal amount of the
notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. If the Proposed Transaction is completed, certain downgrades in the credit ratings below investment grade would trigger a change in control offer under existing debt securities.   
  For the first nine months of 2016, our weighted average cost of capital was 7.4 percent (2015   7.1 percent), of which 75 percent
represented the cost of equity (2015   85 percent).

Outstanding Share Data         

      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements        Off-balance sheet arrangements are described on page 86 of our 2015 AIR. We do not reasonably expect any presently known trend or uncertainty to affect our ability to continue using these arrangements. Refer to
Note 13 to the financial statements in this Form 10-Q for a contingency related to Canpotex. Refer to page 86 of our 2015 AIR for information pertaining to our guarantees and derivative instruments. See  Cash Requirements 
above and our 2015 AIR for obligations related to operating leases and certain of our long-term raw materials agreements which contain fixed price and/or volume components.

Quarterly Financial
Highlights        

(1)  
  Net income per share for each quarter has been computed based on the weighted average number of shares issued and outstanding during the respective quarter, including the
dilutive number of shares assumed for the diluted earnings per share computation; therefore, as the number of shares varies each period, quarterly amounts may not add to the annual total.     

Refer to Note 12 to the financial statements in this Form 10-Q for information pertaining to sales that can be seasonal.     

Other Financial Information         Related Party Transactions        Refer to Note 14 to the financial statements in this Form 10-Q for
information pertaining to transactions with related parties.        Critical Accounting Estimates     
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies in the first nine months of 2016. Certain of these policies, such as long-lived asset
impairment, derivative instruments, provisions and contingencies for asset retirement, environmental and other obligations, and capitalization and depreciation of property, plant and equipment, involve critical accounting estimates because they
require us to make subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions, particularly
in the current market environment.      We have discussed the development, selection and application of our key accounting policies, and the critical
accounting estimates and assumptions they involve, with the audit committee of the Board, and the committee reviewed the disclosures described in this Form 10-Q.        Recent Accounting Changes        Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements in this Form 10-Q for
information on issued accounting pronouncements that will be effective in future periods and were effective in 2016.       Outlook
        Potash Market Outlook        We expect
strong customer engagement will continue in the fourth quarter, with a healthy order book in place for fall

application in the domestic market and Canpotex fully committed through the remainder of the year. We maintain our 2016 global shipment estimate of 58-61 million tonnes and anticipate
fundamentals to remain supportive as we enter 2017.      In North America, all signs point to another record harvest. Strong affordability and significant
nutrient removal are expected to support demand through the final months of 2016. For the full year, we expect shipments in the range of 9.2-9.7 million tonnes, consistent with our previous estimate and above 2015 levels. With its substantial
agronomic need and favorable crop economics, we expect shipments to Latin America will remain robust for the rest of the year and we have increased our full-year shipment range to 11.0-11.5 million tonnes, slightly above the previous year.
     In China, deliveries under 2016 contracts are expected to support shipments for the balance of the year. We estimate annual shipments in the range of
13.5-14.5 million tonnes, consistent with our previous estimate but below last year s record level. Even with healthy second-half deliveries, we expect strong underlying consumption will keep inventories well below those seen at the beginning
of 2016.      In India, lower farm retail prices are expected to support increased consumption for the remainder of 2016. However, given the slow pace of
shipments due to contract delays earlier in the year, we have lowered our range to 3.5-4.0 million tonnes, below 2015 levels. Canpotex has commitments to ship to its customers in this market for the rest of 2016.   
  In Other Asian markets, we expect good buyer engagement for the rest of 2016, supported by lower inventories, strong palm oil prices and improved moisture
conditions. We have maintained our estimated shipment range of 8.3-8.7 million tonnes, slightly below 2015 s total.   

Financial Outlook        Taking the above market factors into consideration, we have narrowed the guidance range for our potash sales volumes to 8.5-8.7 million tonnes and refined gross margin expectations to $400-$500 million. While signs
of a recovery in potash are increasingly visible, most of the benefits from recent improvements are expected to be realized late this year and in 2017.   
  In nitrogen and phosphate, weaker prices are expected to affect our results for the rest of 2016. Accordingly, we have tightened our gross margin guidance range to
$400-$450 million.      With greater clarity on the remaining months of 2016, we have refined our estimates for provincial mining and other taxes to a range
of 23-25 percent of potash gross margin (excluding $32 million of New Brunswick severance costs) and our range for income from offshore equity investments to $125-$135 million.      We have lowered our estimate for our effective income tax rate to a range of 14-16 percent, given reduced earnings and a greater proportion of income from lower-tax jurisdictions. Additionally, we have brought down
our range for selling and administrative expenses to $215-$225 million due to lower expected corporate expenses related to reduced earnings.      As a result
of these changes, we have narrowed our full-year 2016 earnings guidance range to $0.40-$0.45 per share, which includes first-half notable charges of $0.11 per share primarily related to the suspension of our Picadilly mine in New Brunswick and our
share of Canpotex s Prince Rupert project exit costs.      Following a review of best practices in the provision of guidance, in 2017 we will continue
to provide annual guidance, including specific elements consistent with past practice, but we will discontinue quarterly earnings per share guidance.

Forward-Looking Statements       Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, but not limited to, those in the  Outlook  section of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations , contain  forward-looking statements  (within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other US federal securities laws) or  forward-looking information  (within the
meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation) that relate to future events or our future performance. These statements can be identified by expressions of belief, expectation or intention, as well as those statements that are not historical
fact. These statements often contain words such as  should,   could,   expect,   may,   anticipate,   forecast,   believe,   intend,   estimates, 
 plans  and similar expressions. These statements are based on certain factors and assumptions as set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including with respect to: foreign exchange rates, expected growth, results of operations,
performance, business prospects and opportunities, including the Proposed Transaction, and effective tax rates. While the company considers these factors and assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available, they may prove to be
incorrect. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. The results or events set forth in forward-looking statements may differ materially from actual results or events. Several factors could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, the following: the Proposed Transaction, including the failure to satisfy all required conditions, including
required regulatory, Canadian court and securityholder approvals, or to satisfy or obtain waivers with respect to all other closing conditions in a timely manner and on favorable terms or at all; the occurrence of any event, change or other
circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Arrangement Agreement; certain costs that we may incur in connection with the Proposed Transaction; certain restrictions in the Arrangement Agreement on our ability to take action outside
the ordinary course of business without the consent of Agrium; the effect of the announcement of the Proposed Transaction on our ability to retain customers, suppliers and personnel and on our operating future business and operations generally;
risks related to diversion of management time from ongoing business operations due to the Proposed Transaction; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transaction and to successfully integrate Agrium and PotashCorp; the risk
that our credit ratings may be downgraded or there may be adverse conditions in the credit markets; variations from our assumptions with respect to foreign exchange rates, expected growth, results of operations, performance, business prospects and
opportunities, and effective tax rates; fluctuations in supply and demand in the fertilizer, sulfur and petrochemical markets; changes in competitive pressures,

including pricing pressures; risks and uncertainties related to any operating and workforce changes made in response to our industry and the markets we serve, including mine and inventory
shutdowns; adverse or uncertain economic conditions and changes in credit and financial markets; economic and political uncertainty around the world; changes in capital markets; the results of sales contract negotiations; unexpected or adverse
weather conditions; changes in currency and exchange rates; risks related to reputational loss; the occurrence of a major safety incident; inadequate insurance coverage for a significant liability; inability to obtain relevant permits for our
operations; catastrophic events or malicious acts, including terrorism; certain complications that may arise in our mining process, including water inflows; risks and uncertainties related to our international operations and assets; our ownership of
non-controlling equity interests in other companies; our prospects to reinvest capital in strategic opportunities and acquisitions; risks associated with natural gas and other hedging activities; security risks related to our information technology
systems; imprecision in reserve estimates; costs and availability of transportation and distribution for our raw materials and products, including railcars and ocean freight; changes in, and the effects of, government policies and regulations;
earnings and the decisions of taxing authorities which could affect our effective tax rates; increases in the price or reduced availability of the raw materials that we use; our ability to attract, develop, engage and retain skilled employees;
strikes or other forms of work stoppage or slowdowns; rates of return on, and the risks associated with, our investments and capital expenditures; timing and impact of capital expenditures; the impact of further innovation; adverse developments in
new and pending legal proceedings or government investigations; and violations of our governance and compliance policies. Additional risks and uncertainties can be found in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 under the captions
 Forward- Looking Statements  and  Item 1A   Risk Factors,  the joint information circular of the company and Agrium, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6, 2016 and with
Canadian provincial securities commissions, in connection with the Proposed Transaction and in our filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian provincial securities commissions. As a result of these and other factors, there
is no assurance that any of the events, circumstances or results anticipated by forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will occur or, if they do, of what impact they will have on our
business, our performance, the results of our operations and our financial condition. Forward-looking statements are given only as at the date of this report and the company disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
  Market risk is the potential for loss from adverse changes in the market value of financial instruments. The level of market risk to which we are exposed varies
depending on the composition of our derivative instrument portfolio, as well as current and expected market conditions. A discussion of enterprise-wide risk management can be found in our 2015 AIR, pages 27 to 33.   
  Price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks faced by the company and how we manage those risks are outlined in Notes 19 and 25 to the 2015 audited annual
consolidated financial statements and there were no significant changes as at September 30, 2016.        Price Risk     
  The carrying amount of our investments in ICL and Sinofert was $882 million at September 30, 2016 (December 31, 2015   $982 million). A 10 percent
increase in the prices of these investments would increase other comprehensive income by $88 million, while a 10 percent decrease would reduce other comprehensive income by $76 million and an impairment of $12 million for our investment in
Sinofert would be recognized in net income. At September 30, 2016, this analysis assumed that price decreases related to the company s investment in ICL would not represent an impairment, price decreases related to the company s investment
in Sinofert below the carrying amount at the impairment date of June 30, 2016 ($190 million) would represent an impairment and all other variables remain constant.      There were no substantial changes to the price sensitivities related to our natural gas derivatives reported in Note 25 to the 2015 audited annual consolidated financial statements.   
  As at September 30, 2016, the company s net exposure to natural gas derivatives in the form of swaps was a notional amount of 52 million MMBtu
(December 31, 2015   swaps was a notional amount of 65 million MMBtu) with maturities in 2016 through 2022.        Foreign Exchange
Risk        As at September 30, 2016, the company had entered into foreign currency forward contracts to sell US dollars and receive Canadian dollars
in the notional amount of $35 million (December 31, 2015   $134 million) at an average exchange rate of 1.3139 (December 31, 2015   1.3553) per US dollar with maturities in 2016. There were no substantial changes to the
foreign exchange sensitivities reported in Note 25 to the 2015 audited annual consolidated financial statements.        Interest Rate Risk
       As at September 30, 2016, the company had no significant exposure to interest rate risk.

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    
  As of September 30, 2016, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility
of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon that evaluation
and as of September 30, 2016, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports the
company files and submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.      There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Part II. Other Information   
    
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings        For a description of certain other legal and environmental proceedings, see Note 10 to the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
       Item 1A. Risk Factors     
  A discussion of our risk factors can be found in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition to these
risks, we also face the following risks:       The proposed merger of equals (Proposed Transaction) with Agrium Inc. (Agrium) is subject to satisfaction or
waiver of various conditions       Completion of the Proposed Transaction is subject to, among other things, Canadian court approval, Agrium
securityholder approval, Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (PotashCorp) shareholder approval and the receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, including antitrust approvals, all of which may be outside the control of both Agrium and
PotashCorp. There can be no assurance that these conditions will be satisfied or that the Proposed Transaction will be completed as currently contemplated or at all.      Delays in the completion of the Proposed Transaction could, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the
Proposed Transaction. In addition, if the Proposed Transaction is not completed, PotashCorp could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Proposed Transaction or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against
PotashCorp to perform its obligations under the arrangement agreement with Agrium (the Arrangement Agreement).      Governmental entities or others could
take action under antitrust or competition laws, including seeking to prevent the Proposed Transaction from occurring, to rescind or dissolve the Proposed Transaction or to conditionally approve the Proposed Transaction upon the divestiture of
assets of Agrium or PotashCorp or other remedies. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Proposed Transaction on antitrust or competition law grounds will not be made, or if a challenge is made, whether or not it will be successful. The
requirement to take certain actions or to agree to certain conditions to satisfy such antitrust requirements or obtain any such antitrust approvals may have a material and adverse effect on the business and affairs of the new parent of the combined
company (New Parent) or the trading price of the common shares of New Parent (New Parent Shares), after

completion of the Proposed Transaction. Each of Agrium and PotashCorp has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the required regulatory approvals which, subject to exceptions set
forth under the Arrangement Agreement, could include divestitures or other actions affecting their respective businesses. There can be no assurance of the magnitude, nature or terms of such divestitures or other actions or the resulting effects on
New Parent. In addition, where neither Agrium nor PotashCorp is not required to take certain actions to obtain regulatory approval, they may decide nonetheless to do so, which may ultimately affect New Parent.   
   Agrium shareholders and PotashCorp shareholders will receive a fixed number of New Parent Shares       Agrium shareholders and PotashCorp shareholders will receive a fixed number of New Parent Shares under the Proposed Transaction, rather than a variable number of New Parent Shares with a fixed relative market
value. As the number of New Parent Shares to be received in respect of each Agrium common share or PotashCorp common share under the Proposed Transaction will not be adjusted to reflect any change in the relative market value of Agrium common shares
or PotashCorp common shares, respectively, the number of New Parent Shares received by Agrium shareholders and PotashCorp shareholders under the Proposed Transaction may vary significantly from the relative market value of Agrium common shares or
PotashCorp common shares expressed at the dates referenced in the joint information circular of Agrium and PotashCorp, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to PotashCorp s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6, 2016 and with Canadian provincial
securities commissions. There can be no assurance that the relative market price of Agrium common shares or PotashCorp common shares on the effective date of the Proposed Transaction will be the same or similar to the relative market price of such
shares on November 3, 2016, the date of Agrium s and PotashCorp s special meetings. The underlying cause of any such change in relative market prices may not constitute a material adverse effect under the Arrangement Agreement, the
occurrence of which in respect of a party could entitle the other party to terminate the Arrangement Agreement, or otherwise entitle either party to terminate the Arrangement Agreement. In addition, the number of New Parent Shares being issued in
connection with the Proposed Transaction will not change despite decreases or increases in the market prices of Agrium common shares or PotashCorp common shares. Many of the factors that affect the market price of Agrium common shares and the
PotashCorp common shares are beyond the control of Agrium and PotashCorp, respectively. These factors include fluctuations in commodity prices, fluctuations in currency exchange rates,

changes in the regulatory environment, adverse political developments, prevailing conditions in the capital markets and interest rate fluctuations.   
   The Arrangement Agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances       Each of Agrium and PotashCorp has the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in certain circumstances. Accordingly, there is no certainty, nor can PotashCorp provide any assurance, that the Proposed
Transaction will not be terminated by either Agrium or PotashCorp before the completion of the Proposed Transaction. For instance, Agrium has the right, in certain circumstances, to terminate the Arrangement Agreement if there is a material adverse
effect under the Arrangement Agreement in respect of PotashCorp. Conversely, PotashCorp has the right, in certain circumstances, to terminate the Arrangement Agreement if there is a material adverse effect under the Arrangement Agreement in respect
of Agrium. There is no assurance that a material adverse effect will not occur before the effective date of the Proposed Transaction, in which case Agrium and PotashCorp could elect to terminate the Arrangement Agreement and the Proposed Transaction
would not proceed. Failure to complete the Proposed Transaction could negatively impact the trading price of PotashCorp common shares or otherwise adversely affect the business of the company.       The Arrangement Agreement contains provisions that restrict Agrium s or PotashCorp s ability to pursue alternatives to the Proposed Transaction and, in specified circumstances, Agrium or PotashCorp
could be required to pay the other party a non-completion fee of US$485 million       Under the Arrangement Agreement, Agrium and PotashCorp are
restricted, subject to certain exceptions, from soliciting, initiating, knowingly encouraging or facilitating, discussing or negotiating, or furnishing information with regard to, any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Arrangement Agreement) or
any inquiry, proposal or offer relating to any Acquisition Proposal from any person. If the board of directors of a party (after consultation with its financial advisors and legal counsel) determines that such proposal is more favorable to its
shareholders, from a financial point of view, than the Proposed Transaction, and such party s board of directors recommends such proposal to its shareholders or if such party enters into a Permitted Acquisition Agreement (as defined in the
Arrangement Agreement), the other party would be entitled to terminate the Arrangement Agreement and receive a non-completion fee of US$485 million (or could require such party to proceed with its special meeting to approve the Proposed Transaction
and still remain entitled to the non-completion fee if such party s securityholders, as applicable, do not approve the Proposed Transaction). This non-completion fee may discourage other parties from attempting to enter into a business
transaction

with either Agrium or PotashCorp, even if those parties would otherwise be willing to enter into an agreement with Agrium or PotashCorp for a business combination and would be prepared to pay
consideration with a higher price per share or cash market value than the per share market value proposed to be received or realized in the Proposed Transaction. In addition, payment of such amount may have a material adverse effect on the business
and affairs of Agrium or PotashCorp, as applicable.       PotashCorp will incur costs even if the Proposed Transaction is not completed and PotashCorp may
have to pay various expenses incurred in connection with the Proposed Transaction       Certain costs related to the Proposed Transaction, such as legal,
accounting and certain financial advisor fees, must be paid by PotashCorp even if the Proposed Transaction is not completed. PotashCorp is liable for only its own costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Transaction. If the Proposed
Transaction is not completed, there will be no benefit to the shareholders associated with these costs.       Uncertainty surrounding the Proposed
Transaction could adversely affect our retention of customers, suppliers and personnel and could negatively impact future business and operations    
  The Proposed Transaction is dependent upon satisfaction of various conditions, and as a result its completion is subject to uncertainty. In response to this
uncertainty, PotashCorp s customers and suppliers may delay or defer decisions concerning the company. Any change, delay or deferral of those decisions by customers and suppliers could negatively impact the business, operations and prospects of
PotashCorp, regardless of whether the Proposed Transaction is ultimately completed, or of New Parent if the Proposed Transaction is completed. Similarly, current and prospective employees of PotashCorp may experience uncertainty about their future
roles with New Parent until the New Parent s strategies with respect to such employees are determined and announced. This may adversely affect PotashCorp s ability to attract or retain key employees in the period until the Proposed
Transaction is completed or thereafter.       While the Proposed Transaction is pending, Agrium and PotashCorp are restricted from taking certain actions
      The Arrangement Agreement restricts Agrium and PotashCorp from taking specified actions (without the consent of the other party) until the Proposed
Transaction is completed, which may adversely affect the ability of PotashCorp to execute certain business strategies, including, but not limited to, the ability in certain cases to enter into or amend contracts, acquire or dispose of assets, incur
indebtedness or incur capital expenditures. These   

restrictions may prevent PotashCorp from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the Proposed Transaction.   
   The pending Proposed Transaction may divert the attention of management       The pendency of the Proposed Transaction could cause the attention of management to be diverted from the day-to-day operations, and customers or suppliers may seek to modify or terminate their business
relationships. These disruptions could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Proposed Transaction and could have an adverse effect on the business, operating results or prospects of PotashCorp regardless of whether the Proposed
Transaction is ultimately completed, or of New Parent if the Proposed Transaction is completed.       Payments in connection with the exercise of dissent
rights may impair New Parent s financial resources       Registered holders of the common shares of both Agrium and PotashCorp have the right to
exercise certain dissent rights and demand payment of the fair value of their Agrium common shares and PotashCorp common shares, as the case may be, in cash in connection with the Proposed Transaction in accordance with the Canada Business
Corporations Act, as amended. If there are a significant number of dissenting Agrium shareholders and/or dissenting PotashCorp shareholders, a substantial cash payment may be required to be made to such dissenting Agrium shareholders and/or
dissenting PotashCorp shareholders that could have an adverse effect on New Parent s financial condition and cash resources if the Proposed Transaction is completed. It is a mutual condition to completion of the Proposed Transaction that
holders of such number of Agrium common shares and PotashCorp common shares that, in the aggregate, would constitute not greater than 5% of the number of New Parent Shares that would be outstanding following completion of the Proposed Transaction
(assuming for the purpose of calculating the outstanding number of New Parent Shares that there are not holders of Agrium common shares or PotashCorp common shares who have exercised dissent rights), shall have validly exercised rights of dissent in
respect of the Proposed Transaction that have not been withdrawn as of the effective date of the Proposed Transaction.       PotashCorp directors and
officers may have interests in the Proposed Transaction different from the interests of PotashCorp shareholders following completion of the Proposed Transaction       Certain of the directors and executive officers of PotashCorp negotiated the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, and the Board has unanimously recommended that PotashCorp shareholders vote in favor of the Proposed
Transaction. These

directors and executive officers may have interests in the Proposed Transaction that are different from, or in addition to, those of PotashCorp shareholders generally. These interests include,
but are not limited to, the continued employment of certain executive officers of PotashCorp by New Parent, and the continued service of certain directors of PotashCorp as directors of New Parent. PotashCorp shareholders should be aware of these
interests when they consider the board of directors unanimous recommendations. The Board was aware of, and considered, these interests when they declared the advisability of the Arrangement Agreement and unanimously recommended that PotashCorp
shareholders approve the special resolution in respect of the Proposed Transaction to be considered by PotashCorp shareholders at the special meeting to be held on November 3, 2016.      Tax consequences of the Proposed Transaction may differ from anticipated treatment, including that if the Proposed Transaction does not qualify as a  reorganization  within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (U.S. Tax Code), some shareholders may be required to pay substantial U.S. federal income taxes       There can be no assurance that the Canada Revenue Agency, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or other applicable taxing authorities will agree with the Canadian and U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
Proposed Transaction, as applicable. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that applicable Canadian and U.S. income tax laws, regulations or tax treaties will not change (legislatively, judicially or otherwise) or be interpreted in a manner, or
that applicable taxing authorities will not take an administrative position, that is adverse to Agrium, PotashCorp, New Parent and their respective shareholders following completion of the Proposed Transaction. Taxation authorities may also disagree
with how Agrium, PotashCorp or New Parent following the Proposed Transaction calculate or have in the past calculated their income or other amounts for tax purposes. Any such events could adversely affect New Parent, its share price or the dividends
that may be paid to New Parent s shareholders following completion of the Proposed Transaction.      Although PotashCorp intends that the Proposed
Transaction will qualify as a  reorganization  within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code, it is possible that the IRS may assert that the Proposed Transaction fails (in whole or in part) to qualify as such. If the IRS were
to be successful in any such contention, or if for any other reason the Proposed Transaction was to fail to qualify as a  reorganization,  each U.S. holder of PotashCorp common shares would recognize a gain or loss with respect to all such
U.S. holder s PotashCorp common shares based on the difference between: (i) that U.S. holder s tax basis in such shares; and (ii) the fair market value of the New Parent Shares received.

Following completion of the Proposed Transaction, New Parent may issue additional equity securities
      Following completion of the Proposed Transaction, New Parent may issue equity securities to finance its activities, including in order to finance
acquisitions. If New Parent were to issue New Parent Shares, a holder of New Parent Shares may experience dilution in New Parent s cash flow or earnings per share. Moreover, as New Parent s intention to issue additional equity securities
becomes publicly known, the New Parent Share price may be materially adversely affected.       The relative trading price of PotashCorp common shares prior
to the effective date of the Proposed Transaction may be volatile       Market assessments of the benefits of the Proposed Transaction and the likelihood
that the Proposed Transaction will be consummated may impact the volatility of the market price of PotashCorp common shares prior to the consummation of the Proposed Transaction.       The credit ratings of PotashCorp may be downgraded or there may be adverse conditions in the credit markets, which may impede New Parent s access to the debt markets, trigger a change in control offer under
existing debt securities or raise borrowing rates       Access to financing for New Parent will depend on, among other things, suitable market conditions
and maintenance of credit ratings in the range of credit ratings currently assigned to Agrium and PotashCorp. The credit rating of PotashCorp may be adversely affected by various factors including increased debt levels, decreased earnings, declines
in customer demands, increased competition and the deterioration in general economic and business conditions. Any downgrades in the credit rating of PotashCorp may impede its access to the debt markets or raise its borrowing rates. In addition, if
the Proposed Transaction is completed, certain downgrades in the credit ratings below investment grade would trigger a change in control offer under existing debt securities.        Item 4. Other Information          Mine Safety Disclosures     
  Safety is the company s top priority, and we are committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment for our employees, contractors and all others at
our sites to help meet our company-wide goal of achieving no harm to people.      The operations at the company s Aurora, Weeping Water and White
Springs facilities are subject to the  Federal Mine Safety  and  Health Act of 1977 , as amended by the  Mine Improvement and 

New Emergency Response Act of 2006 , and the implementing regulations, which impose stringent health and safety standards on numerous aspects of mineral extraction and processing
operations, including the training of personnel, operating procedures, operating equipment and other matters. Our Senior Safety Leadership Team is responsible for managing compliance with applicable government regulations, as well as implementing
and overseeing the elements of our safety program as outlined in our Safety, Health and Environment Manual.      Section 1503(a) of the  Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act  (Section 1503(a)) requires us to include certain safety information in the periodic reports we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The information concerning mine safety
violations and other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.        Item 5A. Other Information        PotashCorp has entered, and expects to enter into prior
to the end of the year, change in control agreements (the Change in Control Agreements) with certain of its executive officers, including two of its named executive officers, Stephen Dowdle and Joseph Podwika. The Change in Control Agreements
provide for compensation in the event of a subsequent termination of employment by PotashCorp without cause or by the employee for good reason within 24 months of a change in control. For purposes of the Change in Control Agreements, the
consummation of the Proposed Transaction would be a change in control. The Change in Control Agreements will expire 24 months following the earlier of (1) the second anniversary of the consummation of the Proposed Transaction and (2) the termination
of the Arrangement Agreement.      In the event of a qualifying termination of employment, the Change in Control Agreements generally entitle each of Mr.
Dowdle and Mr. Podwika to (1) all earned but unpaid base salary; (2) a lump sum payment consisting of (a) an amount equal to two times the sum of (i) his base salary plus (ii) his target short-term incentive plan (STIP) opportunity as of the date of
the termination, (b) an amount equal to his target STIP award for the year in which the termination occurs, pro-rated based on his period of employment during the applicable fiscal year, (c) an amount equivalent to his matching employer
contributions and target performance-related contributions under the PCS U.S. Employees  Savings Plan that would have been contributed during the 24 months following termination, (d) an amount reasonably equivalent to his additional periodic
benefits that would have accrued in the 24 months following termination under the PCS U.S. Employees  Pension Plan, the PCS Supplemental Retirement Plan for U.S. Executives (SERP), and (for Mr. Dowdle) an individual

agreement that provides for SERP-like benefits, and (e) 24 months of certain health and welfare benefit premiums; (3) reimbursement of certain outplacement services; and (4) certain additional
welfare benefits for a limited period following termination. The Change in Control Agreements do not provide for accelerated payments or vesting of PotashCorp options or PSUs, except in the circumstances set out in the PotashCorp s incentive
compensation plans.   
 
   The foregoing description of the Change in Control Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form
of Change in Control Agreement for certain U.S. executives, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10(mm) and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 6. Exhibits          (a) Exhibits         

The registrant hereby undertakes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, copies of
any constituent instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant or its subsidiaries that have not been filed herewith because the amounts represented thereby are less than 10% of the total assets of the
registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.           

Signatures      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

POTASH CORPORATION OF SASKATCHEWAN INC.   

November 1, 2016  
     
  By:  
     
    /s/ Joseph Podwika    

Joseph Podwika   

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary    

November 1, 2016  
     
  By:  
     
    /s/ Wayne R. Brownlee    

Wayne R. Brownlee   

Executive Vice President, Treasurer and   
   Chief Financial Officer       (Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer)     

EXHIBIT INDEX        

The registrant hereby undertakes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, copies of
any constituent instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant or its subsidiaries that have not been filed herewith because the amounts represented thereby are less than 10% of the total assets of the
registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.           

<EX-10.C>
 2
 d174286dex10c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10(C)

EXHIBIT 10(C) 

Exhibit 10(c)        EXECUTION COPY               This
 FIRST AMENDING AGREEMENT , made as of and to take effect as of and from January 1, 2016, to the  CONSOLIDATED, RESTATED AND AMENDED PRODUCER AGREEMENT EIGHTH MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT  made as of and to take effect as of and from
January 1, 2014          BETWEEN:        CANPOTEX LIMITED       (hereinafter called   Canpotex  )   
  OF THE FIRST PART        and  
      AGRIUM INC.       OF
THE SECOND PART       MOSAIC CANADA CROP NUTRITION, by its general partner, 4379934 CANADA LTD.    
  OF THE THIRD PART       POTASH
CORPORATION OF SASKATCHEWAN INC.       (hereinafter called   PCS  )   
  OF THE FOURTH PART      (each of the
parties of the Second, Third and Fourth Parts being sometimes individually referred to herein as the   Producer   and all of whom are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the   Producers  )   
  (each of the parties of the First, Second, Third and Fourth Parts being sometimes individually referred to herein as a   Party   and
all of whom are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the   Parties  )       WHEREAS  Canpotex and each of the
Producers are parties to the Consolidated, Restated and Amended Producer Agreement Eighth Memorandum of Agreement made as of and to take effect as of and from January 1, 2014 (the   Producer Agreement       
   AND WHEREAS  Section 3.02 of the Producer Agreement provides that PCS is entitled as of right but without obligation to participate in
the supply of Potash to Canpotex from any production by PCS of Potash in the Province of New Brunswick;       AND WHEREAS  PCS notified
Canpotex that it desired to exercise its right under the Producer Agreement to supply Potash to Canpotex from its New Brunswick production and proposed certain terms and conditions for doing so (the   PCS Proposal     
   AND WHEREAS  the Canpotex board of directors and the Canpotex shareholders, after due consideration, each unanimously concluded that
(i) the inclusion in Canpotex s marketing portfolio of Potash produced by PCS in the Province of New Brunswick to be committed to be exported exclusively through Canpotex to all destinations other than Canada and the United States on the
terms and conditions contained in the PCS Proposal, and (ii) the assumption of or other dealing with the various associated agreements, including but not limited to an agreement which will allow Canpotex to export Potash produced both in the
Provinces of New Brunswick and Saskatchewan through the Port of Saint John, New Brunswick, would further diversify Canpotex s supply base, improve Canpotex s overall port capacity, increase efficiencies and enable Canpotex to better serve
its overseas customers and markets;   
         1   

EXECUTION COPY    
         AND WHEREAS  the PCS Proposal was accordingly authorized,
approved, ratified and confirmed with effect from January 1, 2016 by Canpotex s directors and shareholders on January 18, 2016, as were certain related matters, including but not limited to the effecting of amendments to the Producer
Agreement in regards to the PCS Proposal;       AND WHEREAS  Section 3.03 of the Producer Agreement provides that, in the event
that PCS desires to participate in the supply of Potash to Canpotex from any production in the Province of New Brunswick, the Producer Agreement shall be amended as is necessary to entitle PCS to a right of participation in the supply of Potash to
Canpotex from production in the Province of New Brunswick on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by all the Parties;   
   AND WHEREAS , pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Producer Agreement, Canpotex and each of the Producers desire to amend the Producer
Agreement as set forth herein, such amendments to take effect as of and from January 1, 2016;       AND WHEREAS  Canpotex and each
of the Producers, in connection with amending the Producer Agreement as set forth herein, also desire to make certain acknowledgments and agreements as set forth herein;       NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter exchanged and contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged by each of the Parties, the Parties hereby agree as follows:       

1.   
   DEFINITIONS          

1.01  
  The Parties hereby agree that the meanings indicated for the words and phrases in the Producer Agreement shall apply where used herein, including in the recitals of this First
Amending Agreement to the Producer Agreement (the   Amending Agreement  ), except where the context otherwise requires.         

2.   
   AMENDMENTS (THE NEW BRUNSWICK PROVISIONS)          

2.01  
  The Parties hereby agree that, from and after January 1, 2016, and pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Producer Agreement, the Producer Agreement is hereby amended to
include the following provisions (the   New Brunswick Provisions  ):        Notwithstanding any other provision of
the Producer Agreement, the following provisions shall apply to PCS s supply of Potash to Canpotex from its production in the Province of New Brunswick and with respect to the Individual Productive Capacity of the PCS New Brunswick Mines (as
defined below) and PCS s Aggregate Productive Capacity insofar as it relates to the PCS New Brunswick Mines:       

(a)  
  From and after January 1, 2016, PCS shall not sell or dispose of any Potash it produces in the Province of New Brunswick for sale to a purchaser for ultimate delivery to any
destination outside Canada and the United States other than through Canpotex pursuant to the provisions of the Producer Agreement.         

(b)  
  All PCS mines located in the Province of New Brunswick (collectively, the   PCS New Brunswick Mines  ) shall be included in the Producer Agreement and all such
mines together, despite the definition of  Mine  in the Producer Agreement, shall be considered a single  Mine  for the purposes of the Producer Agreement.     

(c)  
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Individual Productive Capacity of the PCS New Brunswick Mines shall be 750,000 Product Tonnes per annum.     

(d)  
  Effective January 1, 2016, PCS s Aggregate Productive Capacity shall increase by 750,000 Product Tonnes per annum, representing the Individual Productive Capacity of
the PCS New Brunswick Mines.         

(e)  
  Subject to the provisions of paragraph (h) below (governing sale or transfer of the PCS New Brunswick Mines), neither the Individual Productive Capacity of the PCS New
Brunswick Mines nor PCS s Aggregate Productive Capacity insofar as it relates to the PCS New Brunswick Mines shall be subject to any adjustment pursuant to the provisions of the Producer Agreement, whether under Article VI, Article VII, Article
VIII or otherwise including, without limitation, as a result of any Major Expansion, New Mine Construction, Disaster or the suspension of production or closure of any mine of PCS located in the Province of New Brunswick,     
         2   

EXECUTION COPY    

(f)  
  The New Brunswick Provisions set forth herein shall continue for a period of 10 years from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2025 (the  Initial Term ), and
shall automatically be renewed for further periods, each for a term of five years (each a  Renewal Term ), unless PCS provides to Canpotex written notice of its intention to terminate the New Brunswick Provisions not less than two years
prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term, as the case may be, in which case the New Brunswick Provisions shall terminate at the end of the applicable term.     

(g)  
  Should PCS provide Canpotex with written notice of its intention to terminate the New Brunswick Provisions in accordance with paragraph (f) immediately above:

(i)  
  the Individual Productive Capacity of the PCS New Brunswick Mines shall automatically be reduced to zero Product Tonnes per annum, effective on the termination date;

(ii)  
  PCS s Aggregate Productive Capacity shall automatically be reduced by 750,000 Product Tonnes per annum, effective on the termination date;     

(iii)  
  the PCS New Brunswick Mines shall no longer be considered a  Mine  for the purposes of the Producer Agreement, effective on the termination date; and

(iv)  
  the Producer Agreement shall be amended as is necessary to effect such termination, on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by all the Parties.

(h)  
  Paragraphs 5.09(a), (b) and (c) of the Producer Agreement shall not apply to the sale or other transfer by PCS of any or all mines which constitute PCS New Brunswick
Mines (a  New Brunswick Disposition ), and in the event and upon the closing of a New Brunswick Disposition, unless otherwise agreed by all of the Parties, the New Brunswick Provisions shall immediately terminate, the Individual Productive
Capacity of the PCS New Brunswick Mines shall automatically be reduced to zero Product Tonnes per annum, the PCS New Brunswick Mines shall no longer be considered a Mine for purposes of the Producer Agreement, and PCS s Aggregate Productive
Capacity shall automatically be reduced by 750,000 Product Tonnes per annum. For greater certainty, paragraph 5.09(d) of the Producer Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and applicable to the Producer Agreement as amended by this
Amending Agreement, and such provision shall be applicable with respect to any New Brunswick Disposition falling with the scope of paragraph 5.09(d).         

3.   
   ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND AGREEMENTS          

3.01  
  The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Aggregate Productive Capacity (or APC) for each of the Producers is as follows as of January 1, 2016:

3   

EXECUTION COPY    

3.02  
  The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Mines of the Producers, and the corresponding Individual Productive Capacity (or IPC) of such Mines, are as follows as of
January 1, 2016:         

4.01  
  All of the Parties have agreed to enter into these presents in order to evidence their consent hereto and to be bound hereby and to give effect hereto.     

5.   
   FURTHER ASSURANCES          

5.01  
  Each of the Parties hereby covenants and agrees to be bound by, observe, perform and do all things and take all actions, steps, proceedings and execute such further and other
assurances, documents and agreements whether under corporate seal or otherwise as are reasonably necessary or required to fully implement and give effect to all of the terms and provisions of this Amending Agreement.     

6.   
   GOVERNING LAW          

6.01  
  This Amending Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Province of Saskatchewan and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.

7.   
   CONFIRMATION          

7.01  
  Except as hereinabove specifically amended, all other terms and provisions of the Producer Agreement are hereby confirmed and ratified and shall remain in full force and effect
in accordance with its terms, and this Amending Agreement and the Producer Agreement shall be read and construed as one and the same instrument.         

8.   
   ENUREMENT          

8.01  
  This Amending Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the Parties, their successors and permitted assigns.     

9.   
   ASSIGNMENT          

9.01  
  The Parties covenant and agree that this Amending Agreement may not be assigned in whole or in part by any of the Parties, except in accordance with the terms and provisions of
the Producer Agreement applicable to such assignments.     
         4   

EXECUTION COPY    

10.01  
  It is hereby agreed that, in the event any clause, provision, paragraph, subparagraph or section of this Amending Agreement is held invalid as contrary to any statute or
regulation or law in that regard by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such shall in no way effect the validity of any other clause, provision, paragraph, subparagraph or section of this Amending Agreement and each and every such
clause, provision, paragraph, subparagraph or section of this Amending Agreement shall be severable from each and every other.         

11.01  
  The Parties hereby covenant and agree that this Amending Agreement may be executed in counterparts each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which when taken
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Amending Agreement, including an executed counterpart of this Amending Agreement, may be delivered by facsimile, email or functionally equivalent electronic transmission.
        [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows.]    
         5   

EXECUTION COPY    
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Amending Agreement effective
as of January 1, 2016.        

CANPOTEX LIMITED    

Per:  
     
  /s/ K.A. Seitz   

Per:  
     
  /s/ T.J. Nieman   

AGRIUM INC.    

Per:  
     
  /s/ C.V. Magro   

Per:  
     
  /s/ H. Deans   

MOSAIC CANADA CROP NUTRITION, LP, by its general partner, 4379934 CANADA LTD.    

Per:  
     
  /s/ J.C. O Rourke   

Per:  
     
  /s/ R.N. McLellan   

POTASH CORPORATION OF SASKATCHEWAN INC.    

Per:  
     
  /s/ J. Tilk   

Per:  
     
  /s/ S. Dowdle   

6   

</EX-10.C>

<EX-10.LL>
 3
 d174286dex10ll.htm
 10(LL)

10(LL) 

Exhibit 10(ll)         CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT        This Change in Control Agreement (this
 Agreement ) made as of the       day of      , 2016.      BETWEEN:       POTASH CORPORATION OF SASKATCHEWAN INC. , a corporation established under the federal laws of Canada, (hereinafter referred to as the   Corporation  ),   
  OF THE FIRST PART,      - and  
      [   EMPLOYEE NAME   ]  of the City of
      in the Province of      ,
(hereinafter referred to as the   Employee  ),      OF THE SECOND PART   
   WHEREAS  the Corporation has entered into an arrangement agreement (the   Arrangement Agreement  ) dated September 11,
2016 with Agrium Inc. pursuant to which the parties will effect a business combination transaction, which transaction will be carried out by way of a court-approved plan of arrangement under section 192 of the  Canada Business Corporations Act 
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (the   Transaction         AND WHEREAS  the
Transaction is expected to be completed in  mid-2017  (the date of completion being, the   Closing Date  ), and the completion of the Transaction will constitute a Change in Control (as
hereinafter defined);       AND WHEREAS  the Employee is employed by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Corporation (the
Employee s employer being, the   Employer         AND WHEREAS  the Corporation recognizes the valuable services
that the Employee provides and will continue to provide as an employee of the Employer and believes that it is reasonable and fair to the Corporation that the Employee receive fair treatment upon the occurrence of a Change in Control;   
   AND WHEREAS  the Corporation considers the establishment and maintenance of a stable work environment to be essential to protecting and
enhancing the best interests of the Corporation and its shareholders;       AND WHEREAS  the Corporation recognizes that uncertainty
following a Change in Control could result in the departure or distraction of the Employee to the detriment of the Corporation and its shareholders;       AND WHEREAS  the Board has determined that it would be in the best interests of the Corporation to induce the Employee to remain in the employ of the Employer by agreeing to provide the Employee with certain
rights upon the occurrence of a Change in Control;       AND WHEREAS  both the Corporation and the Employee wish to introduce terms and
conditions which will govern the termination or modification of the employment of the Employee following a Change in Control;       NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises hereof and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties, the
parties agree as follows:       ARTICLE 1        RECITALS        

1.1  
  The parties agree, and represent and warrant to each other, that the above recitals are true and accurate.     

ARTICLE 2        INTERPRETATION        

2.1  
  Unless elsewhere herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa and words importing
the masculine gender include the feminine and neuter genders.         

2.2  
  The headings of the Articles, Sections, subsections and clauses herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or construction hereof.

2.3  
  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Saskatchewan and the federal laws of Canada
applicable therein, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws in such Province. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably attorns to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Saskatchewan with respect to any
matters arising out of this Agreement.         

2.4  
  If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced for any reason, all other terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the matters contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto.     

2.5  
  In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings, respectively:     

(a)  
    Affiliate   means, for any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person. For the purposes of this definition,  control  (including, with correlative meanings, the terms  controlling,   controlled by  and  under common control with ), as used for
any Person other than a natural Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or
otherwise.         

(b)  
    Board   means the board of directors of the Corporation.         

(c)  
    control   for purposes of this Agreement means the ownership of at least a majority of the votes attaching to the outstanding securities of a body corporate
carrying a right to vote for the election of directors of such body corporate under all circumstances or under circumstances that have occurred and are continuing.     

(d)  
    Annual Base Salary   means the annual base salary of the Employee as at the Date of Termination.     

(e)  
    Cause   means dishonest or willful misconduct or lack of good faith resulting in material harm, financial or otherwise, to the Corporation or its successor.

(f)  
    Change in Control   means the occurrence of any of the following:         

(i)  
  within any period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board and any new Directors whose appointment by the Board or
nomination for election by shareholders of the Corporation was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the period or whose appointment or nomination for election
was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board;         

(ii)  
    there is an amalgamation, merger, consolidation, wind-up, reorganization or restructuring of the Corporation with or into any other entity, or a similar event or
series of such events, other      
         -2-   

than any such event or series of events which results in securities of the surviving or consolidated corporation, representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the
surviving or consolidated corporation s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of directors of the surviving or consolidated corporation, being beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Persons who were the
holders of the Corporation s outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of Directors of the Corporation prior to such event or series of events in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such
event of the Corporation s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of Directors of the Corporation;         

(iii)  
  fifty percent (50%) or more of the fixed assets (based on book value as shown on the most recent available audited annual or unaudited quarterly consolidated financial
statements) of the Corporation are sold or otherwise disposed of (by liquidation, dissolution, dividend or otherwise) in one transaction or series of transactions within any twelve (12) month period;     

(iv)  
  any party, including Persons acting jointly or in concert with that party, becomes (through a take-over bid or otherwise) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Corporation representing twenty percent (20%) or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of Directors of the Corporation, unless in any particular
situation the Board determines in advance of such event that such event will not constitute a Change in Control; or         

(v)  
  there is a public announcement of a transaction that would constitute a Change in Control under (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this definition and the Committee determines that the
Change in Control resulting from such transaction will be deemed to have occurred as of a specified date earlier than the date under (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this definition, as applicable.     
  For the avoidance of doubt, the completion of the Transaction shall constitute a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement, STIP, Equity
Incentive Plans, CN SERP, US SERP, and the CN SERI (or an individual agreement that provides benefits similar to the CN SERI).       

(g)  
    Change in Control Protection Period   means the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control.     

(h)  
    Committee   means the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board (or its successor(s)), or such other committee of the Board designated by the Board
to determine eligibility for and the amount of any benefits under this Agreement.         

(i)  
    Date of Termination   shall mean the date of termination of the employment of the Employee by the Employer or by the Employee as referred to in Section 4.1;
for greater certainty, any such date of termination shall be considered to be the last date on which the Employee is actively at work and shall not be considered to extend to a later date by virtue of any statutory, contractual or common law notice
period.         

(j)  
    CN SERI   means the PCS Supplemental Executive Retirement Income Plan.     

(k)  
    CN SERP   means the PCS Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for Canadian Executives.     

(l)  
    Director   means a member of the Board.         

(m)  
    Equity Incentive Plans   means the Corporation s 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan or any of the Corporation s Performance Option Plans, as applicable.
    
         -3-   

(n)  
    Good Reason   means the occurrence, after a Change in Control, of any of the following without the Employee s written consent:     

(i)  
  a substantial diminution in the Employee s authorities, duties, responsibilities, or status (including offices, titles, and reporting requirements) from those in effect
immediately prior to a Change in Control;         

(ii)  
  the Employer requires the Employee to be based at a location in excess of eighty (80) kilometers from the location of the Employee s principal job location or
office immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for required business travel to an extent substantially consistent with the Employee s business obligations immediately prior to the Change in Control;     

(iii)  
  a reduction in the Annual Base Salary, or a substantial reduction in the Employee s target compensation under any incentive compensation plans that are in effect as of the
date of the Change in Control;         

(iv)  
  the failure to increase the Annual Base Salary in a manner consistent (both as to frequency and percentage increase) with practices in effect immediately prior to the Change in
Control or with practices implemented subsequent to the Change in Control with respect to similarly situated employees of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or     

(v)  
  the failure of the Employer to continue in effect the Employee s participation in the Corporation s short and long-term incentive plans, stock option plans, and
employee benefit and retirement plans, policies or practices, at a level substantially similar or superior to and on a basis consistent with the relative levels of participation of other similarly-situated employees of the Corporation and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as existed immediately prior to the Change in Control.         

(vi)  
  a termination of employment by the Employee for one of the events set forth in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) of this definition will not constitute Good Reason unless, within the
thirty (30) day period immediately following the Employee s knowledge of the occurrence of such event, the Employee has given written notice to the Employer of the event relied on for such termination and the Employer has not remedied such
event within thirty (30) days (the   Cure Period  ) of the receipt of such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Employee s employment will not be deemed to terminate for Good Reason unless and until the Cure Period has expired
and the  Employer  has not remedied such event. The Corporation and the Employee may mutually waive in writing any of the foregoing provisions with respect to an event that otherwise constitutes Good Reason.     

(o)  
    Pension Plan   means the PCS Inc. Pension Plan.         

(p)  
    Person   means any individual, partnership, corporation, company, association, trust, joint venture, limited liability corporation, unincorporated organization,
entity or division, or any government, governmental department or agency or political subdivision thereof.         

(q)  
    Savings Plan   means the PCS Inc. Savings Plan.         

(r)  
    Subsidiary   of any corporation means a body corporate which is directly or indirectly controlled by that corporation.     

(s)  
    STIP   means the Corporation s 2016 Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, and any similar successor plan that provides short term incentive payments to the
Employee.     
         -4-   

(t)  
    US Pension Plan   means the PCS U.S. Employees  Pension Plan.     

(u)  
    US SERP   means the PCS Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for U.S. Executives.     
   ARTICLE 3        TERM OF
AGREEMENT        

3.1  
  This Agreement shall be operative upon the day that it is entered into by the parties and shall expire on the date that is twenty-four (24) months following the termination of
the Arrangement Agreement, or the second anniversary of the Closing Date, whichever date occurs first, unless terminated earlier by written mutual consent by both parties.     
   ARTICLE 4        OBLIGATIONS
OF THE CORPORATION UPON TERMINATION        

4.1  
  If the Employee s employment is terminated by the Employer at any time within the Change in Control Protection Period, other than for Cause, or is terminated by the Employee
for Good Reason at any time within the Change in Control Protection Period, then:         

(a)  
  within ten (10) days after the Date of Termination and subject to satisfying the requirements of Article 5, the Corporation shall pay, or if the Employee is employed by a
Subsidiary of the Corporation, cause the Employer to pay, to the Employee, a lump-sum payment equivalent to the following:         

(i)  
  all earned but unpaid Annual Base Salary as well as accrued but unpaid vacation entitlements for the period up to and including the Date of Termination;     

(ii)  
  an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of (A) the Employee s Annual Base Salary, plus (B) the Employee s target STIP opportunity as of the Date of Termination;

(iii)  
  an amount equal to the product of (A) the Employee s target STIP opportunity for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs multiplied by (B) a fraction, the numerator
of which is the number of days the Employee was employed by the Employer in the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, and the denominator of which is 365 (unless the Employee is eligible for retirement as determined in accordance with a
qualified retirement plan of the Corporation, in which case the Employee shall receive a STIP payment in accordance with the STIP);         

(iv)  
  an amount equivalent to the additional amounts that the Employer would have contributed to the Savings Plan following the Date of Termination had the Employee remained in
full-time employment with the Employer for twenty-four (24) months immediately following the Date of Termination (Employer matching contribution level of 3.0%, plus performance contribution at the target level of 1.5%);     

(v)  
  an amount equivalent to the additional amounts that the Employer would have contributed to the Employee s Pension Plan following the Date of Termination had the Employee
remained in full-time employment with the Employer for twenty-four (24) months immediately following the Date of Termination (Employer matching contribution level of 5.5%);     

(vi)  
  if the Employee is a participant in the Corporation s CN SERP, an amount equivalent to the additional amounts that the Employer would have contributed to the Employee s
CN SERP following the Date of Termination had the Employee remained in full-time employment with the Employer for twenty-four (24) months immediately following the Date of Termination; and,     
         -5-   

(vii)  
  if the Employee is a participant in the CN SERI (or US SERP, US Pension Plan, or an individual agreement, as applicable, that provides benefits similar to the CN SERI), an amount
equivalent to the estimated increase in the commuted value of the Employee s benefit under the CN SERI (or US SERP, US Pension Plan, or individual agreement, as applicable) that would have resulted had the Employee remained in full-time
employment with the Employer for the twenty-four (24) month period immediately following the Date of Termination, calculated as of the Date of Termination in accordance with the methodology and assumptions used by the Corporation to calculate
benefits under the CN SERI (or US SERP, US Pension Plan, or individual agreement, as applicable) as well as any early retirement supplements or subsidies that would have accrued during such 24-month period. For the purpose of calculating such
increase in the twenty-four (24) month period immediately following the Date of Termination, the Employee will be deemed to have made the maximum permitted contribution, and to have been credited with the resulting Employer contribution, to the
defined contribution pension plan and to have earned a rate of return on his or her account balances within the defined contribution pension plan at a rate of return equivalent to the average annual rate of return in the twenty-four (24) month
period immediately preceding the Date of Termination.         

(b)  
  the Corporation will, or will cause the Employer to, permit the Employee to continue to participate in the Corporation s medical, dental and vision care plans (subject to
the Employee satisfying any eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such benefit plans) for a period that is equal to the earlier of twenty-four (24) months following the Date of Termination, or the date that the Employee becomes
employed elsewhere and/or is covered by another benefit plan, whichever date occurs first. The Employee is required to notify the Corporation should the Employee receive alternative benefit coverage prior to the expiry of the twenty-four (24) month
period immediately following the Date of Termination. In addition, the Corporation shall pay an amount equal to the product of twenty-four (24) multiplied by the employer portion of the monthly premium for basic life and basic accidental
death and dismemberment insurance in effect for the Employee as of the Date of Termination.         

(c)  
  the Corporation will, or will cause the Employer to, reimburse the Employee for outplacement consulting services from a firm selected by the Employee that is acceptable to the
Corporation, up to a maximum of $10,000. Payment will be made directly to the outplacement provider once invoice is received by the Corporation or the Employer. Outplacement services must begin within ninety (90) days of the Date of Termination or
this benefit is forfeited, and such services shall continue no later than twelve (12) months following the Date of Termination;         

(d)  
  the Corporation will recognize, or will cause the Employer to recognize, the Employee s age and years of completed service with the Employer during the twenty-four month
(24) period following the Date of Termination (as if the Employee had actively worked for the Employer for the full twenty-four (24) month period) for the purpose of calculating the Employee s eligibility for retiree medical and retiree
life insurance, and to the extent the Employee becomes eligible for such retiree medical or retiree life insurance as a result of the recognition of additional age and completed service during such period, (i) the Employee s participation in
such benefits may commence on the date on which such coverage would have first become available if the Employee had continued actively working for the Employer during such period and (ii), to the extent required to avoid adverse tax consequences to
or penalties imposed on the Employee or the Employer, the Employer may treat the amounts payable or provided by the Employer in respect of periodic premiums (or an Employer subsidy with the effect of the payment of periodic premiums) for such
coverage as taxable income to the Employee reported on the Employee s T4 statement and may withhold taxes from the Employee s compensation or require the Employee to make other arrangements for payment of the taxes required to be withheld
with respect to such amounts;     
         -6-   

(e)  
  the Employee and the Employee s family will continue to be eligible to access the Corporation s Employee and Family Assistance Plan for three (3) months following the
Date of Termination;         

(f)  
  if the Employee holds any options, rights, performance share units, warrants or other entitlements for the purchase or acquisition of, determined with reference
to, securities in the capital of the Corporation (collectively,   Options  ), all such Options shall be exercisable, settled and/or forfeited in accordance with the applicable Equity Incentive Plan; and     

(g)  
  except as otherwise provided in this Section 4.1, the Employee shall cease to have any rights to salary, equity awards, expense reimbursements or other compensation or
benefits, except that the Employee shall be entitled to (i) any reimbursable expenses which have been incurred but are unpaid as of the Date of Termination, and (ii) any plan benefits which by their terms extend beyond termination of the
Employee s employment (but only to the extent provided in any benefit plan in which the Employee has participated as an employee of the Employer and excluding any severance pay program or policy).     

4.2  
  All payments required to be paid to the Employee under this Article 4 shall be made net of any and all deductions and income and employment taxes required to be withheld by
applicable law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, neither the Corporation nor the Employer shall be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for the Employee with respect to any payment provided to the Employee
hereunder, and the Employee shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on the Employee with respect to any such payment.         

4.3  
  There shall be no duplication of payments and benefits under this Agreement and any other change in control severance plan, program or arrangement or any other severance or
compensation arrangement with the Corporation or its Subsidiaries.         ARTICLE 5    
   RELEASE OF LIABILITY        

5.1  
  Where the Employee s employment is terminated in accordance with Article 4, as a condition of the receipt of the entitlements specified in Section 4.1, the
Employee agrees to release and forever discharge the Corporation (including any Subsidiaries, Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, trustees, successors and assigns) of and from any and all manner of
actions, causes of action, suits, claims complaints, damages, costs and expenses of any nature or kind whatsoever, known or unknown, whether in law or in equity or pursuant to statute, that the Employee has ever had, now has or in the future can,
will or may have, by reason of or arising out of this Agreement, the Employee s employment or the termination of this Agreement and the Employee s employment whether at common law, pursuant to statute or otherwise, and must execute and
provide to the Corporation a release substantially in the form of the Release attached hereto as Schedule A to this Agreement prior to receiving the consideration described in Section 4.1.     

5.2  
  The Employee covenants and agrees that as of the Date of Termination, the Employee will be deemed to have resigned as an officer and/or director of the Corporation and each of
its Subsidiaries and Affiliates unless otherwise agreed between the Corporation and the Employee, and the Employee shall deliver appropriate resignations from all offices and positions with the Corporation and any Affiliates and Subsidiaries of the
Corporation if, as, and when requested by the Corporation .          ARTICLE 6    
   GENERAL        

6.1  
    The Employee shall not be subject to any duty or obligation to seek alternate employment or other sources of income or benefits, or to mitigate the
Employee s damages, or to any similar duty or obligation, following or as a result of: (a) a termination by the Employee of the Employee s employment for Good Reason, or (b) a termination of the Employee s employment by the
Corporation, other than for Cause, in each case within the      
         -7-   

Change in Control Protection Period, and all payment and other obligations of the Corporation under this Agreement shall not be subject to any rights of set-off, duty to mitigate or other
reduction, and shall be paid and performed in full notwithstanding any alternate employment or other sources of income or benefits obtained or received or receivable by the Employee.     

6.2  
  Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be properly given if delivered by hand or mailed by prepaid registered mail
addressed as follows:         

(a)  
  in the case of the Corporation, to:        Potash
Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc.      Suite 500      122 - 1st Avenue South      Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada S7K 7G3   
  Attention: General Counsel      in
the case of the Employee, to:   
          
  or to such other address as the parties may from time to time specify by notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice so given shall be
conclusively deemed to have been given or made on the day of delivery, if delivered, or if mailed by registered mail, upon the date shown on the postal return receipt as the date upon which the envelope containing such notice was actually received
by the addressee.       

6.3  
  This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon and enforceable by the Employee and the Employee s heirs, executors, administrators and other legal personal
representatives and upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns provided that the Corporation shall not assign this Agreement other than by operation of law without the prior written consent of the Employee.     

6.4  
  Each of the Corporation and the Employee agrees to execute and deliver all such documents and to do all such acts and things, in any case at the Corporation s expense, as
the other party may reasonably request and as may be lawful and within its powers to do or to cause to be done in order to carry out and/or implement the provisions or intent of this Agreement, including, without limitation, seeking all such
governmental, regulatory and other third party approvals as may be necessary or desirable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation agrees to execute and deliver all such documents and to do all such acts and things as the
Employee may reasonably request and as may be lawful and within the power of the Corporation to do or cause to be done in order to minimize any tax consequences to the Employee in respect of the payment or performance by the Corporation of the
obligations of the Corporation upon any termination arising under Article 4 or in respect of other payments or actions required to be made or taken by or on behalf of the Corporation in the event of termination of the Employee s employment
hereunder; provided that the Corporation shall in no material way be prejudiced thereby.         

6.5  
    If any contest or dispute shall arise under this Agreement involving termination of the Employee s employment with the Corporation, its Affiliates or
Subsidiaries after a Change in Control or involving the failure or refusal of the Corporation to perform fully in accordance with the terms hereof, the Corporation shall reimburse the Employee, on a current basis, for all reasonable legal and
professional fees and expenses, if any, incurred by the Employee in connection with such contest or dispute (regardless of the result thereof), together with interest in an amount equal to the prime rate from time to time in effect, but in no event
higher than the maximum legal rate permissible under applicable law, such interest to accrue from the date the Corporation receives the Employee s statement for such fees and expenses through the date of payment thereof, regardless of whether
or not the Employee s claim is upheld by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, however that the      
         -8-   

Employee shall be required to repay any such amounts to the Corporation to the extent that a court issues a final and non-appealable order setting forth the determination that the position taken
by the Employee was frivolous or advanced by the Employee in bad faith.         

6.6  
  This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by both parties.     

6.7  
  Neither party may waive or shall be deemed to have waived any right it has under this Agreement (including under this section) except to the extent that such waiver is in
writing.         

6.8  
  All dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement are in Canadian currency.         

6.9  
  The Employee acknowledges that it was recommended to the Employee by the Corporation that the Employee obtain independent legal advice before executing this Agreement and that
the Employee has been afforded an opportunity to do so.         IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the parties hereto have duly
executed this agreement as of the day and year first above written.       

Witness   

[   Employee Name   ]     

POTASH CORPORATION OF SASKATCHEWAN INC.     

Per:   

Authorized Signatory for the Corporation    
 
         -9-   

Schedule A        Form of Release        
     Release of Claims . In
consideration of the payments made to me by Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc., in the amount of $     , less required withholdings, I,
 [   Employee Name   ] , do for myself and my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, (hereinafter collectively referred to as   I   or   Employee  ), forever release, remise and discharge
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc., its parent, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, sister companies, divisions and affiliates (including Corporation sponsored benefit plans), whether direct or indirect, and all its officers, directors,
employees, shareholders, attorneys, partners and agents, past, present and future (hereinafter collectively referred to as the   Corporation  ) as well as its and their joint ventures and joint venturers (including their
respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, attorneys, partners and agents, past, present and future) (hereinafter collectively, the   Releasees  ), jointly and severally from any and all actions, causes of actions,
contracts, (whether express or implied), claims and demands for damage, loss or injury, suits, debts, sums of money, indemnity, expenses, interest, costs and claims of any and every kind and nature whatsoever, at law, in equity, or pursuant to
statute, which against the Releasees, I ever had, now have, or can hereafter have by reasons of or existing out of any causes whatsoever existing up to and inclusive of the date of this Release, including, but without limiting the generality of the
foregoing:       

(a)  
  my employment by the Corporation;         

(b)  
  the termination of my employment by the Corporation or by me, pursuant to the terms of the Change in Control Agreement dated  [   applicable date   ] ;

(c)  
  any and all claims for damages, salary, wages, termination pay, severance pay, vacation pay, commissions, bonuses, expenses, qualified or registered pension plans or other
pension plans, performance warrants, stock options, allowances, incentive payments, or any other benefits arising out of my employment with the Corporation;     

(d)  
  any and all claims for breach of contract, whether express, implied or implied-in-fact, and for detrimental reliance, promissory estoppel or quantum meruit;

(e)  
  any and all claims arising out of or by virtue of  The Saskatchewan Human Rights Code , or any other human rights legislation; and     

(f)  
  any and all claims for wrongful discharge, retaliatory discharge, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, interference with contractual relations, personal,
emotional or physical injury, fraud, defamation, libel, slander, misrepresentation, violation of public policy, invasion of privacy, or any other statutory or common law theory of recovery.     
   Unknown Claims . I acknowledge and agree that I am releasing claims that I may not know about, and that I do so with knowing and
voluntary intent. I expressly waive all rights that I may have under any law that is intended to protect me from waiving unknown claims. I further acknowledge and agree that I understand the significance of doing so.   
   Exclusion for Certain Claims . Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Corporation and Employee (collectively referenced as the
  Parties  ) agree that this Release shall not apply to any unpaid salary, accrued vacation or expense reimbursements payable under the Corporation policies or applicable law based upon services performed prior to the date of
termination of my employment with the Corporation (  Date of Termination   any entitlements under Sections 4.1(a) through (g) in the Change in Control Agreement dated  [   applicable date   ]  between myself
and the Corporation; any claims that I may have against the Corporation or third parties pursuant to directors  and officers  insurance policies of the Corporation that provide coverage in connection with my role as an officer of the
Corporation,   
         A - 1   

whether in effect before or after the date of this Release; any claims that I may have against the Corporation in respect of indemnification or contribution obligations of the Corporation
pursuant to any indemnification agreement entered into between myself and the Corporation or by law or the Corporation s bylaws; any claims arising after the effective date of this Release; any claims which may not, as a matter of law, be
released; and any claims to enforce any provision of this Release or any alleged breach of this Release by the Corporation.       

2.   
   NO ADMISSION         I acknowledge that the payment
given to me pursuant to the above paragraph does not constitute any admission of liability by the Corporation.       

3.   
   INDEMNITY FOR TAXES, ETC.         I further agree
that, for the aforesaid payment, I will hold harmless and indemnify the Corporation from and against all claims, charges, taxes, interest or penalties and demands which may be made by any revenue agency to pay income taxes on any of the payments
made pursuant to Sections 4.1(a) through (g) in the Change in Control Agreement dated  [   applicable date   ] , in respect of income tax payable by myself in excess of the income tax previously withheld.   

4.   
   EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS ACT         I acknowledge that
this settlement includes payment for any and all claims arising out of or by virtue of  The Saskatchewan Employment Act . I further acknowledge receipt of all wages, damages, overtime pay, vacation pay, general holiday pay, and pay in
place of notice of termination of employment that I am entitled to by virtue of  The Saskatchewan Employment Act .       

5.   
   BENEFITS AND INSURANCE CLAIMS         I acknowledge
and agree that the consideration paid to me includes full compensation and consideration for loss of employment benefits and that my short term and long term disability benefits have ceased effective  [   applicable date   ] ,
and all other benefits cease effective  [   applicable date   ] . I fully accept sole responsibility to replace those benefits that I wish to continue and to exercise conversion privileges where applicable with respect to
benefits. In the event that I become disabled, I covenant not to sue the Corporation for insurance or other benefits, or for loss of benefits. I hereby release the Corporation from any further obligations or liabilities arising from my
employment benefits.       

6.   
   NON-DISCLOSURE         I agree that I will not
divulge or disclose directly or indirectly the contents of this Release or the terms of settlement relating to the termination of my employment with the Corporation to any person, including but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to
employees or former employees of the Corporation, except my legal and financial advisors, and my spouse, on the condition that they maintain the confidentiality thereof, or as required by law.   

7.   
   SOCIAL MEDIA         I will ensure that my
employment status on all social media sites to which I hold an account or be a member of, including without limitation LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, does not indicate or otherwise suggest that I am a current employee of the Corporation.

8.   
   CONFIDENTIALITY         I recognize and acknowledge
that during my employment with the Corporation I had access to certain confidential and proprietary information, the disclosure of which could be harmful to the interests of the Corporation. I acknowledge that I have taken and will in future
take appropriate precautions to safeguard the Confidential Information of the Corporation.   
         A - 2   

I recognize and agree that all written and electronic drawings, manuals, letters, notebooks, reports
records and similar collections of confidential and proprietary information of the Corporation (hereinafter collectively called   Documents  ), are the property of the Corporation and I expressly acknowledge and it is a condition of
the payment of the Consideration, that I have delivered all such Documents to the Corporation.       

9.   
   UNDERSTANDING         And I hereby declare that I
have had the opportunity to seek independent legal advice with respect to the matters addressed in this Release and the terms of settlement which have been agreed to by myself and the Corporation and I fully understand them. I hereby
voluntarily accept the said terms for the purpose of making full and final compromise, adjustment and settlement of all claims as aforesaid.       
    I understand and agree that
I will not, at any time, denigrate, through adverse or disparaging communication, written or oral, whether true or not, the operations or business of the Corporation or its current or former employees, officers or directors.   
   
    I agree not to make claim or
take proceedings against any other person, corporation or entity, that might claim contribution or indemnity under the provisions of any statute or otherwise against the Corporation.   
   
    It is understood by the
Corporation and I that this Release contains the entire agreement between us and that the terms of this Release are contractual and not a mere recital.       DATED  at the City of               , in the  Province  of
              , this            day of
                      , 20      .       

Witness (Signature)   

[   Employee Name   ]     

Witness (Print)   

Witness (Address)   

A - 3   

</EX-10.LL>

<EX-10.MM>
 4
 d174286dex10mm.htm
 EX-10(MM)

EX-10(MM) 

Exhibit 10(mm)         CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT        This Change in Control Agreement (this
  Agreement  ) made as of the       day of      , 2016.      BETWEEN:       POTASH CORPORATION OF SASKATCHEWAN INC. , a corporation established under the federal laws of Canada, (hereinafter referred to as the   Corporation  ),   
  OF THE FIRST PART,      - and  
      [   EMPLOYEE NAME   ]  of the City of
      in the State of      ,
(hereinafter referred to as the   Employee  ),      OF THE SECOND PART   
   WHEREAS  the Corporation has entered into an arrangement agreement (the   Arrangement Agreement  ) dated September 11,
2016 with Agrium Inc. pursuant to which the parties will effect a business combination transaction, which transaction will be carried out by way of a court-approved plan of arrangement under section 192 of the  Canada Business Corporations Act 
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (the   Transaction         AND WHEREAS  the
Transaction is expected to be completed in  mid-2017  (the date of completion being, the   Closing Date  ), and the completion of the Transaction will constitute a Change in Control (as
hereinafter defined);       AND WHEREAS  the Employee is employed by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Corporation (the
Employee s employer being, the   Employer         AND WHEREAS  the Corporation recognizes the valuable services
that the Employee provides and will continue to provide as an employee of the Employer and believes that it is reasonable and fair to the Corporation that the Employee receive fair treatment upon the occurrence of a Change in Control;   
   AND WHEREAS  the Corporation considers the establishment and maintenance of a stable work environment to be essential to protecting and
enhancing the best interests of the Corporation and its shareholders;       AND WHEREAS  the Corporation recognizes that uncertainty
following a Change in Control could result in the departure or distraction of the Employee to the detriment of the Corporation and its shareholders;       AND WHEREAS  the Board has determined that it would be in the best interests of the Corporation to induce the Employee to remain in the employ of the Employer by agreeing to provide the Employee with certain
rights upon the occurrence of a Change in Control;       AND WHEREAS  both the Corporation and the Employee wish to introduce terms and
conditions which will govern the termination or modification of the employment of the Employee following a Change in Control;       NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises hereof and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties, the
parties agree as follows:       ARTICLE 1        RECITALS        

1.1  
  The parties agree, and represent and warrant to each other, that the above recitals are true and accurate.     

ARTICLE 2        INTERPRETATION        

2.1  
  Unless elsewhere herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa and words importing
the masculine gender include the feminine and neuter genders.         

2.2  
  The headings of the Articles, Sections, subsections and clauses herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or construction hereof.

2.3  
  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
           , without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws in such State. Each of the parties hereby
irrevocably attorns to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of             with respect to any matters
arising out of this Agreement.         

2.4  
  If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced for any reason, all other terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the matters contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto.     

2.5  
  In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings, respectively:     

(a)  
    Affiliate   means, for any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person. For the purposes of this definition,  control  (including, with correlative meanings, the terms  controlling,   controlled by  and  under common control with ), as used for
any Person other than a natural Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or
otherwise.         

(b)  
    Board   means the board of directors of the Corporation.         

(c)  
    control   for purposes of this Agreement means the ownership of at least a majority of the votes attaching to the outstanding securities of a body corporate
carrying a right to vote for the election of directors of such body corporate under all circumstances or under circumstances that have occurred and are continuing.     

(d)  
    Annual Base Salary   means the annual base salary of the Employee as at the Date of Termination.     

(e)  
    Cause   means dishonest or willful misconduct or lack of good faith resulting in material harm, financial or otherwise, to the Corporation or its successor.

(f)  
    Change in Control   means the occurrence of any of the following:         

(i)  
  within any period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board and any new Directors whose appointment by the Board or
nomination for election by shareholders of the Corporation was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the period or whose appointment or nomination for election
was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board;         

(ii)  
    there is an amalgamation, merger, consolidation, wind-up, reorganization or restructuring of the Corporation with or into any other entity, or a similar event or
series of such events, other      
         -2-   

than any such event or series of events which results in securities of the surviving or consolidated corporation, representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the
surviving or consolidated corporation s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of directors of the surviving or consolidated corporation, being beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Persons who were the
holders of the Corporation s outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of Directors of the Corporation prior to such event or series of events in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such
event of the Corporation s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of Directors of the Corporation;         

(iii)  
  fifty percent (50%) or more of the fixed assets (based on book value as shown on the most recent available audited annual or unaudited quarterly consolidated financial
statements) of the Corporation are sold or otherwise disposed of (by liquidation, dissolution, dividend or otherwise) in one transaction or series of transactions within any twelve (12) month period;     

(iv)  
  any party, including Persons acting jointly or in concert with that party, becomes (through a take-over bid or otherwise) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Corporation representing twenty percent (20%) or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation s then outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of Directors of the Corporation, unless in any particular
situation the Board determines in advance of such event that such event will not constitute a Change in Control; or         

(v)  
  there is a public announcement of a transaction that would constitute a Change in Control under (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this definition and the Committee determines that the
Change in Control resulting from such transaction will be deemed to have occurred as of a specified date earlier than the date under (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this definition, as applicable.     
  For the avoidance of doubt, the completion of the Transaction shall constitute a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement, STIP, Equity
Incentive Plans, and SERP (including any Supplemental Retirement Agreement with the Corporation that provides benefits similar to the SERP).       

(g)  
    Change in Control Protection Period   means the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control.     

(h)  
    Code   means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.     

(i)  
    Committee   means the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board (or its successor(s)), or such other committee of the Board designated by the Board
to determine eligibility for and the amount of any benefits under this Agreement.         

(j)  
    Date of Termination   shall mean the date of termination of the employment of the Employee by the Employer or by the Employee as referred to in Section 4.1;
for greater certainty, any such date of termination shall be considered to be the last date on which the Employee is actively at work and shall not be considered to extend to a later date by virtue of any statutory, contractual or common law notice
period.         

(k)  
    Director   means a member of the Board.         

(l)  
    Equity Incentive Plans   means the Corporation s 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan or any of the Corporation s Performance Option Plans, as applicable.
    
         -3-   

(m)  
    Good Reason   means the occurrence, after a Change in Control, of any of the following without the Employee s written consent:     

(i)  
  a substantial diminution in the Employee s authorities, duties, or responsibilities (including reporting requirements) from those in effect immediately prior to a
Change in Control;         

(ii)  
  the Employer requires the Employee to be based at a location in excess of eighty (80) kilometers from the location of the Employee s principal job location or
office immediately prior to the Change in Control, except for required business travel to an extent substantially consistent with the Employee s business obligations immediately prior to the Change in Control;     

(iii)  
  a substantial reduction in the Annual Base Salary, or a substantial reduction in the Employee s target compensation under any incentive compensation plans that are in effect
as of the date of the Change in Control; or         

(iv)  
  the failure of the Employer to continue in effect the Employee s participation in the Corporation s short and long-term incentive plans, stock option plans, and
employee benefit and retirement plans, policies or practices, at a level substantially similar or superior to and on a basis consistent with the relative levels of participation of other similarly-situated employees of the Corporation and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as existed immediately prior to the Change in Control (but only to the extent that such failure results in a substantial reduction in the Employee s total compensation).     

(v)  
  A termination of employment by the Employee for one of the events set forth in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this definition will not constitute Good Reason unless, (A) within the
thirty (30) day period immediately following the Employee s knowledge of the occurrence of such event (but in no event later than ninety (90) days following the occurrence of such event), the Employee has given written notice to the Employer of
the event relied on for such termination, (B) the Employer has not remedied such event within thirty (30) days (the   Cure Period  ) of the receipt of such notice, and (C) the Employee, within thirty (30) days after the end of the
Cure Period, elects by written notice to the Corporation to terminate the Employee s employment, to be effective immediately. For the avoidance of doubt, the Employee s employment will not be deemed to terminate for Good Reason unless and
until the Cure Period has expired and the Employer has not remedied such event. The Corporation and the Employee may mutually waive in writing any of the foregoing provisions with respect to an event that otherwise constitutes Good Reason . 

(n)  
    Pension Plan   means the PCS U.S. Employees  Pension Plan.         

(o)  
    Person   means any individual, partnership, corporation, company, association, trust, joint venture, limited liability corporation, unincorporated organization,
entity or division, or any government, governmental department or agency or political subdivision thereof.         

(p)  
    Savings Plan   means PCS U.S. Employees  Savings Plan.         

(q)  
    SERP   means the PCS Supplemental Retirement Plan for U.S. Executives.     

(r)  
    Subsidiary   of any corporation means a body corporate which is directly or indirectly controlled by that corporation.     

(s)  
    STIP   means the Corporation s 2016 Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, and any similar successor plan that provides short term incentive payments to the
Employee.     
         -4-   

ARTICLE 3        TERM OF AGREEMENT        

3.1  
  This Agreement shall be operative upon the day that it is entered into by the parties and shall expire on the date that is twenty-four (24) months following the termination of
the Arrangement Agreement, or the second anniversary of the Closing Date, whichever date occurs first, unless terminated earlier by written mutual consent by both parties.     
   ARTICLE 4        OBLIGATIONS
OF THE CORPORATION UPON TERMINATION        

4.1  
  If the Employee s employment is terminated by the Employer at any time within the Change in Control Protection Period, other than for Cause, or is terminated by the Employee
for Good Reason at any time within the Change in Control Protection Period, then:         

(a)  
    On the sixtieth (60   th   ) day after the Date of Termination and subject to satisfying the requirements of Article 55, the Corporation shall pay, or if the Employee is employed by a Subsidiary of the Corporation, cause the Employer to
pay, to the Employee, a lump-sum payment equivalent to the following:          

(i)  
  all earned but unpaid Annual Base Salary as well as accrued but unpaid vacation entitlements for the period up to and including the Date of Termination;     

(ii)  
  an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of (A) the Employee s Annual Base Salary, plus (B) the Employee s target STIP opportunity as of the Date of Termination;

(iii)  
  an amount equal to the product of (A) the Employee s target STIP opportunity for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs multiplied by (B) a fraction, the numerator
of which is the number of days the Employee was employed by the Employer in the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, and the denominator of which is 365 (unless the Employee has attained age 55 and completed 5 years of service with the
Corporation, in which case the Employee shall receive a STIP payment in accordance with the STIP);         

(iv)  
  an amount equivalent to the additional amounts that the Employer would have contributed to the Savings Plan (if any) following the Date of Termination had the Employee remained
in full-time employment with the Employer for twenty-four (24) months immediately following the Date of Termination and had made the maximum permitted employee contributions during such period (Employer matching contribution level of 3.0%, subject
to applicable legal limits under the defined contribution savings plan, plus performance contribution at the target level of 1.5%);         

(v)  
    if applicable, a lump sum amount in cash with a value (reasonably determined by the Corporation on an actuarial basis determined using the same actuarial
assumptions as are used at the Date of Termination for purposes of calculating lump sum payments under the SERP) equal to an amount equivalent to the sum of (A) the Employee s additional periodic benefit that would have accrued under the
Pension Plan (if any) during the twenty-four (24) month period immediately following the Date of Termination had the Employee remained in full-time employment with the Employer for such period, plus (B) the Employee s additional periodic
benefit that would have accrued under the SERP and/or any Supplemental Retirement Agreement with the Corporation that provides benefits similar to the SERP (if any) during the twenty-four (24) month period immediately following the Date of
Termination had the      
         -5-   

Employee remained in full-time employment with the Employer for such period, in each case, including any early retirement supplements or subsidies that would have accrued during such 24-month
period; and         

(vi)  
  an amount equal to the product of (A) 24 multiplied by (B) the sum of (1) the monthly COBRA premium amount that would apply for continuation coverage of the Employee s
health, dental and vision benefits immediately following the Date of Termination (less the normal monthly amount that Employee paid for such benefits under the Corporation s applicable benefit plans as of the Date of Termination), plus (2) the
employer portion of the monthly premium for basic life and basic accidental death and dismemberment insurance in effect for the Employee as of the Date of Termination;     

(b)  
  the Corporation will, or will cause the Employer to, reimburse the Employee for outplacement consulting services from a firm selected by the Employee that is acceptable to the
Corporation, up to a maximum of $10,000. Payment will be made directly to the outplacement provider once invoice is received by the Corporation or the Employer. Outplacement services must begin within ninety (90) days of the Date of Termination or
this benefit is forfeited, and such services shall continue no later than twelve (12) months following the Date of Termination;         

(c)  
  the Corporation will recognize, or will cause the Employer to recognize, the Employee s age and years of completed service with the Employer during the twenty-four month
(24) period following the Date of Termination (as if the Employee had actively worked for the Employer for the full twenty-four (24) month period) for the purpose of calculating the Employee s eligibility for retiree medical and retiree life
insurance, and to the extent the Employee becomes eligible for such retiree medical or retiree life insurance as a result of the recognition of additional age and completed service during such period, (i) the Employee s participation in
such benefits may commence on the date on which such coverage would have first become available if the Employee had continued actively working for the Employer during such period and (ii), to the extent required to avoid adverse tax consequences to
or penalties imposed on the Employee or the Employer, the Employer may treat the amounts payable or provided by the Employer in respect of periodic premiums (or an Employer subsidy with the effect of the payment of periodic premiums) for such
coverage as taxable income to the Employee reported on the Employee s  Form W-2  and may withhold taxes from the Employee s compensation or require the Employee to make other arrangements for
payment of the taxes required to be withheld with respect to such amounts;         

(d)  
  the Employee and the Employee s family will continue to be eligible to access the Corporation s Employee and Family Assistance Plan for three (3) months following the
Date of Termination;         

(e)  
  if the Employee holds any options, rights, performance share units, warrants or other entitlements for the purchase or acquisition of, determined with reference to, securities in
the capital of the Corporation (collectively,   Options  ), all such Options shall be exercisable, settled and/or forfeited in accordance with the applicable Equity Incentive Plan; and     

(f)  
  except as otherwise provided in this Section 4.1, the Employee shall cease to have any rights to salary, equity awards, expense reimbursements or other compensation or
benefits, except that the Employee shall be entitled to (i) any reimbursable expenses which have been incurred but are unpaid as of the Date of Termination, (ii) any plan benefits which by their terms extend beyond termination of the
Employee s employment (but only to the extent provided in any benefit plan in which the Employee has participated as an employee of the Employer and excluding any severance pay program or policy) and (iii) any benefits to which the Employee is
entitled under Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (COBRA).     
         -6-   

4.2  
  All payments required to be paid to the Employee under this Article 44 shall be made net of any and all deductions and income and employment taxes required to be withheld by
applicable law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, neither the Corporation nor the Employer shall be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for the Employee with respect to any payment provided to the Employee
hereunder, and the Employee shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on the Employee with respect to any such payment.         

4.3  
  There shall be no duplication of payments and benefits under this Agreement and any other change in control severance plan, program or arrangement or any other severance or
compensation arrangement with the Corporation or its Subsidiaries.         ARTICLE 5    
   RELEASE OF LIABILITY        

5.1  
  Where the Employee s employment is terminated in accordance with Article 44, as a condition of the receipt of the entitlements specified in Section 4.1, the
Employee agrees to release and forever discharge the Corporation (including any Subsidiaries, Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, trustees, successors and assigns) of and from any and all manner of
actions, causes of action, suits, claims complaints, damages, costs and expenses of any nature or kind whatsoever, known or unknown, whether in law or in equity or pursuant to statute, that the Employee has ever had, now has or in the future can,
will or may have, by reason of or arising out of this Agreement, the Employee s employment or the termination of this Agreement and the Employee s employment whether at common law, pursuant to statute or otherwise, and must execute and
provide to the Corporation a release substantially in the form of the Release attached hereto as Schedule A to this Agreement, and such release must become effective and irrevocable pursuant to its terms within 60 days after the Date of Termination.

5.2  
  The Employee covenants and agrees that as of the Date of Termination, the Employee will be deemed to have resigned as an officer and/or director of the Corporation and each of
its Subsidiaries and Affiliates unless otherwise agreed between the Corporation and the Employee, and the Employee shall deliver appropriate resignations from all offices and positions with the Corporation and any Affiliates and Subsidiaries of the
Corporation if, as, and when requested by the Corporation .          ARTICLE 6    
   GENERAL        

6.1  
  The Employee shall not be subject to any duty or obligation to seek alternate employment or other sources of income or benefits, or to mitigate the Employee s damages, or to
any similar duty or obligation, following or as a result of: (a) a termination by the Employee of the Employee s employment for Good Reason, or (b) a termination of the Employee s employment by the Corporation, other than for
Cause, in each case within the Change in Control Protection Period, and all payment and other obligations of the Corporation under this Agreement shall not be subject to any rights of set-off, duty to mitigate or other reduction, and shall be paid
and performed in full notwithstanding any alternate employment or other sources of income or benefits obtained or received or receivable by the Employee.         

6.2  
  Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be properly given if delivered by hand or mailed by prepaid registered mail
addressed as follows:         

(a)  
  in the case of the Corporation, to:        Potash
Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc.      Suite 500      122 - 1st Avenue South   
         -7-   

Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada S7K 7G3   
  Attention: General Counsel      in
the case of the Employee, to:   
          
  or to such other address as the parties may from time to time specify by notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice so given shall be
conclusively deemed to have been given or made on the day of delivery, if delivered, or if mailed by registered mail, upon the date shown on the postal return receipt as the date upon which the envelope containing such notice was actually received
by the addressee.       

6.3  
  This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon and enforceable by the Employee and the Employee s heirs, executors, administrators and other legal personal
representatives and upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns provided that the Corporation shall not assign this Agreement other than by operation of law without the prior written consent of the Employee.     

6.4  
  Each of the Corporation and the Employee agrees to execute and deliver all such documents and to do all such acts and things, in any case at the Corporation s expense, as
the other party may reasonably request and as may be lawful and within its powers to do or to cause to be done in order to carry out and/or implement the provisions or intent of this Agreement, including, without limitation, seeking all such
governmental, regulatory and other third party approvals as may be necessary or desirable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation agrees to execute and deliver all such documents and to do all such acts and things as the
Employee may reasonably request and as may be lawful and within the power of the Corporation to do or cause to be done in order to minimize any tax consequences to the Employee in respect of the payment or performance by the Corporation of the
obligations of the Corporation upon any termination arising under Article 44 or in respect of other payments or actions required to be made or taken by or on behalf of the Corporation in the event of termination of the Employee s
employment hereunder; provided that the Corporation shall in no material way be prejudiced thereby.         

6.5  
  If any contest or dispute shall arise under this Agreement involving termination of the Employee s employment with the Corporation, its Affiliates or Subsidiaries after a
Change in Control or involving the failure or refusal of the Corporation to perform fully in accordance with the terms hereof, the Corporation shall reimburse the Employee, on a current basis, for all reasonable legal and professional fees and
expenses, if any, incurred by the Employee in connection with such contest or dispute (regardless of the result thereof), together with interest in an amount equal to the prime rate from time to time in effect, but in no event higher than the
maximum legal rate permissible under applicable law, such interest to accrue from the date the Corporation receives the Employee s statement for such fees and expenses through the date of payment thereof, regardless of whether or not the
Employee s claim is upheld by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, however that the Employee shall be required to repay any such amounts to the Corporation to the extent that a court issues a final and non-appealable order setting forth
the determination that the position taken by the Employee was frivolous or advanced by the Employee in bad faith.         

6.6  
  This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by both parties.     

6.7  
  Neither party may waive or shall be deemed to have waived any right it has under this Agreement (including under this section) except to the extent that such waiver is in
writing.         

6.8  
  All dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement are in United States currency.         

6.9  
  The Employee acknowledges that it was recommended to the Employee by the Corporation that the Employee obtain independent legal advice before executing this Agreement and that
the Employee has been afforded an opportunity to do so.     
         -8-   

ARTICLE 7        CERTAIN TAX MATTERS        

(a)  
   General . It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement shall either be exempt from application of, or comply with, the requirements of
Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations thereunder. This Agreement shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, and the Corporation and the Employer shall not take any action that would be
inconsistent with such intent and shall make payments in such time and manner as the Corporation and the Employer determine would minimize or reduce the risk of adverse taxation under Section 409A of the Code. In the event that the Corporation
reasonably determines, after consultation with tax counsel, that any compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement may be subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, the Corporation, after consultation with the Employee, shall
have the authority to adopt, prospectively or retroactively, such amendments to this Agreement or to take any other actions it determines necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement from
Section 409A of the Code or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. In no event, however, shall this section or any other provisions of this Agreement be construed to require the Corporation to provide any gross-up for
the tax consequences of any provisions of, or payments under, this Agreement and the Corporation shall have no responsibility for tax consequences to the Employee (or his or her beneficiary) resulting from the terms or operation of this
Agreement. Each installment of the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement shall be treated as a separate  payment  for purposes of Treasury Regulation
 Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i).  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if any reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided by the Corporation or the Employer pursuant to this Agreement would constitute
deferred compensation that is subject to and not exempt from Section 409A of the Code, such reimbursements or in-kind benefits shall be subject to the following rules: (x) the amounts eligible for reimbursement, or the in-kind benefits
provided, during any calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the in-kind benefits provided, in any other calendar year; (y) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made on or before the last day of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (z) the Employee s right to an in-kind benefit or reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for cash or another benefit.

(b)  
   Separation from Service . All references to  termination of employment  or forms and derivations thereof in connection with the Employee s right to
receive any payment which is subject to Section 409A of the Code shall refer solely to events which constitute a  separation from service  as defined in Treasury Regulation   1.409A-1(h). 

(c)  
   Delayed Payments . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Employee is a  specified employee  (within the meaning of
Section 409A of the Code) on the Date of Termination, in the case of any payment made or benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement that is considered to be a  deferral of compensation  subject to Section 409A of the Code and
which is payable upon the Employee s  separation from service  (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) and which otherwise is payable within six months of such separation from service, the payment date for such payment
or benefit shall be the date that is the first day of the seventh month after the date of the Employee s  separation from service  (determined in accordance with Code Section 409A). However, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Section 7.1(c) or anywhere else in this Agreement, no delay shall be required under this Section 7.1(c) to the extent that such payments do not constitute a  deferral of compensation  under Treasury
Regulation  Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)  or  1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii).      
         -9-   

7.2  
   Adjustments of Payments and Benefits . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or benefit to be paid or provided hereunder or
under any other plan or agreement would be an  Excess Parachute Payment,  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, but for the application of this sentence, then the payments and benefits to
be paid or provided hereunder shall be reduced to the minimum extent necessary (but in no event to less than zero) so that no portion of any such payment or benefit, as so reduced, constitutes an Excess Parachute Payment; provided, however, that the
foregoing reduction shall be made only if and to the extent that such reduction would result in an increase in the aggregate payments and benefits to be provided, determined on an after-tax basis (taking into account the excise tax imposed pursuant
to Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, any tax imposed by any comparable provision of state law, and any applicable federal, state and local income taxes). The determination of whether any reduction in such payments or
benefits to be provided hereunder is required pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be made at the expense of the Corporation, if requested by Employee or the Corporation, by the Corporation s independent accountants or a nationally
recognized law firm chosen by the Corporation. The fact that Employee s right to payments or benefits may be reduced by reason of the limitations contained in this Section shall not of itself limit or otherwise affect any other rights
of Employee under this Agreement. In the event that any payment or benefit intended to be provided hereunder is required to be reduced pursuant to this Section, then the reduction shall occur in the following order: (a) reduction of the
lump sum severance amount set forth in Section 4.1(a); and (b) reduction, on a pro-rata basis, of any  Excess Parachute Payments  under any other plan or arrangement.     
  [ Signature Page Follows ]   
         -10-   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the parties hereto have duly executed this agreement as of the day and year
first above written.       

Witness  

[   Employee Name   ]     

POTASH CORPORATION OF SASKATCHEWAN INC.     

Per:   

Authorized Signatory for the Corporation    
 
         -11-   

Schedule A        Form of Release        
     Release of Claims . In
consideration of the payments made to me by Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc., in the amount of $     , less required withholdings, I,
 [   Employee Name   ] , do for myself and my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, (hereinafter collectively referred to as   I   or   Employee  ), forever release, remise and discharge
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc., its parent, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, sister companies, divisions and affiliates (including Corporation sponsored benefit plans), whether direct or indirect, and all its officers, directors,
employees, shareholders, attorneys, partners and agents, past, present and future (hereinafter collectively referred to as the   Corporation  ) as well as its and their joint ventures and joint venturers (including their respective
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, attorneys, partners and agents, past, present and future) (hereinafter collectively, the   Releasees  ), jointly and severally from any and all actions, causes of actions, contracts,
(whether express or implied), claims and demands for damage, loss or injury, suits, debts, sums of money, indemnity, expenses, interest, costs and claims of any and every kind and nature whatsoever, at law, in equity, or pursuant to statute, which
against the Releasees, I ever had, now have, or can hereafter have by reasons of or existing out of any causes whatsoever existing up to and inclusive of the date of this Release, including, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(a)  
  my employment by the Corporation;         

(b)  
  the termination of my employment by the Corporation or by me, pursuant to the terms of the Change in Control Agreement dated  [   applicable date   ] ;

(c)  
  any and all claims for damages, salary, wages, termination pay, severance pay, vacation pay, commissions, bonuses, expenses, qualified or registered pension plans or other
pension plans, performance warrants, stock options, allowances, incentive payments, or any other benefits arising out of my employment with the Corporation;     

(d)  
  any and all claims for breach of contract, whether express, implied or implied-in-fact, and for detrimental reliance, promissory estoppel or quantum meruit;

(e)  
  any and all claims under or pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, United States Presidential Executive Orders 11246 and 11375, 42 U.S.C.   1981, as amended, 42 U.S.C.   1985, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
(  ERISA  ), the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Labor Management Relations Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as well as any other federal law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or employee order
relating to employment and/or discrimination in employment, and/or any Claims to attorneys  fees or costs under any such statutes or laws;         

(g)  
  any and all claims for wrongful discharge, retaliatory discharge, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, interference with contractual relations, personal,
emotional or physical injury, fraud, defamation, libel, slander, misrepresentation, violation of public policy, invasion of privacy, or any other statutory or common law theory of recovery.     
   Unknown Claims . I acknowledge and agree that I am releasing claims that I may not know about, and that I do so with knowing and
voluntary intent. I expressly waive all rights that I may have under any law that is intended to protect me from waiving unknown claims. I further acknowledge and agree that I understand the significance of doing so.   
   Exclusion for Certain Claims . Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Corporation and Employee (collectively referenced as the
  Parties  ) agree that this Release shall not apply to any unpaid salary, accrued vacation or expense reimbursements payable under the Corporation policies or applicable law based upon services performed prior to the date of
termination of my employment with the Corporation (  Date of Termination   any entitlements under Sections 4.1(a) through (f) in the Change in Control Agreement dated  [   applicable date   ]  between myself and
the Corporation; any claims that I may have against the Corporation or third parties pursuant to directors  and officers  insurance policies of the Corporation that provide coverage in connection with my role as an officer of the
Corporation, whether in effect before or after the date of this Release; any claims that I may have against the Corporation in respect of indemnification or contribution obligations of the Corporation pursuant to any indemnification agreement
entered into between myself and the Corporation or by law or the Corporation s bylaws; any claims arising after the effective date of this Release; any claims which may not, as a matter of law, be released; any claims to enforce rights, if any,
under ERISA to recover any vested benefits; and any claims to enforce any provision of this Release or any alleged breach of this Release by the Corporation.       Governmental Investigations . Nothing in this Release shall be construed to prohibit Employee from filing a charge or cooperating with any investigation by any government agency (including, without
limitation, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, the United States Department of Labor or the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission). This Release does waive Employee s right to file an individual or class action lawsuit
against the Corporation or receive any equitable or monetary relief in connection with any such charge or investigation.       

2.   
   NO ADMISSION         I acknowledge that the payment
given to me pursuant to the above paragraph does not constitute any admission of liability by the Corporation.       

3.   
   INDEMNITY FOR TAXES, ETC.         I further agree
that, for the aforesaid payment, I will hold harmless and indemnify the Corporation from and against all claims, charges, taxes, interest or penalties and demands which may be made by any revenue agency to pay income taxes on any of the payments
made pursuant to Sections 4.1(a) through (f) in the Change in Control Agreement dated  [   applicable date   ] , in respect of income tax payable by myself in excess of the income tax previously withheld.   

4.   
   BENEFITS AND INSURANCE CLAIMS         I acknowledge
and agree that, after my Date of Termination, I can continue participation in the Corporation s group medical plan by paying the full cost of such coverage. If I elect continuation coverage under the Corporation s medical plan after
the Date of Termination, such coverage will be provided pursuant to, and in accordance with, Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (  COBRA  ), provided that such
participation does not result in any taxes or penalties for the Corporation. The cost for such coverage in the Corporation s medical plan will be equal to the applicable COBRA rate as may be in effect during such period.   
  I acknowledge and agree that the consideration paid to me includes full compensation and consideration for loss of employment benefits and that my
short term and long term disability benefits have ceased effective  [   applicable     
         A-2   

date   ] , and all other benefits cease effective  [   applicable date   ] . I fully accept sole responsibility to replace those benefits that I wish to
continue and to exercise conversion privileges where applicable with respect to benefits. In the event that I become disabled, I covenant not to sue the Corporation for insurance or other benefits, or for loss of benefits. I hereby release
the Corporation from any further obligations or liabilities arising from my employment benefits.       

5.   
   NON-DISCLOSURE         I agree that I will not
divulge or disclose directly or indirectly the contents of this Release or the terms of settlement relating to the termination of my employment with the Corporation to any person, including but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to
employees or former employees of the Corporation, except my legal and financial advisors, and my spouse, on the condition that they maintain the confidentiality thereof, or as required by law.   

6.   
   SOCIAL MEDIA         I will ensure that my
employment status on all social media sites to which I hold an account or be a member of, including without limitation LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, does not indicate or otherwise suggest that I am a current employee of the Corporation.

7.   
   CONFIDENTIALITY         I recognize and acknowledge
that during my employment with the Corporation I had access to certain confidential and proprietary information, the disclosure of which could be harmful to the interests of the Corporation. I acknowledge that I have taken and will in future
take appropriate precautions to safeguard the Confidential Information of the Corporation.      I recognize and agree that all written and
electronic drawings, manuals, letters, notebooks, reports records and similar collections of confidential and proprietary information of the Corporation (hereinafter collectively called   Documents  ), are the property of the
Corporation and I expressly acknowledge and it is a condition of the payment of the Consideration, that I have delivered all such Documents to the Corporation.       

8.   
   UNDERSTANDING         And I hereby declare that I
have had the opportunity to seek independent legal advice with respect to the matters addressed in this Release and the terms of settlement which have been agreed to by myself and the Corporation and I fully understand them. I hereby
voluntarily accept the said terms for the purpose of making full and final compromise, adjustment and settlement of all claims as aforesaid.       

9.   
   PERIODS FOR CONSIDERATION AND REVOCATION      
   ADEA Release Requirements Satisfied : I acknowledge and agree that this Release satisfies all applicable legal requirements to validly
release any claims (including without limitation claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended). These requirements are that (i) I voluntarily entered into this Release with full knowledge of its terms (i.e., free
from fraud, duress, coercion or mistake of fact); (ii) this Release is in writing and fully comprehensible and understandable to me; (iii) this Release explicitly waives only current ADEA claims; (iv) this Release does not waive future ADEA claims;
(v) the payments made by the Corporation pursuant to Sections 4.1(a) through (f) in the Change in Control Agreement dated  [   applicable date   ]  constitute monies to which I would not be entitled in the absence of my entering
into this Release; (vi) the Corporation advised me in writing to consult an attorney prior to entering into this Release; (vii) the Corporation provided me with at least twenty-one (21) days in which to decide whether to enter into this Release; and
(viii) the Corporation provided me with at least seven (7) days within which to revoke this Release after signing it.       Consideration
Period : I acknowledge and agree that, before signing this Release, I was allowed at least twenty-one (21) days in which to consider this Release. I expressly waive any right to additional time within which to consider
  
         A-3   

this Release. I further acknowledge and agree that: (i) I took advantage of the time I was given to consider this Release before signing it; (ii) I carefully read this Release;
(iii) I fully understand it; (iv) I am entering into it voluntarily; (v) I will receive the payments in exchange for his execution of this Release, which I would not otherwise be entitled to receive; and (vi) the Corporation, in writing, encouraged
me to discuss this Release with an attorney before signing it, and that I did so to the extent that I deemed appropriate.       
    I understand and agree that
I will not, at any time, denigrate, through adverse or disparaging communication, written or oral, whether true or not, the operations or business of the Corporation or its current or former employees, officers or directors.   
   
    I agree not to make claim or
take proceedings against any other person, corporation or entity, that might claim contribution or indemnity under the provisions of any statute or otherwise against the Corporation.   
   
    It is understood by the
Corporation and I that this Release contains the entire agreement between us and that the terms of this Release are contractual and not a mere recital.       DATED  at the City of               , in the State of               , this
       day of                       , 20      .   

Witness (Signature)   

[   Employee Name   ]     

Witness (Print)   

Witness (Address)   

A-4   

</EX-10.MM>

<EX-31.A>
 5
 d174286dex31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(A)

EXHIBIT 31(A) 

Exhibit 31(a)        
   CERTIFICATION           I, Jochen E. Tilk, certify that:       

1.  
  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc.;     

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)  
  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)  
  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)  
  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         

(d)  
  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         

(a)  
  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         

(b)  
  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
           Date: November 1, 2016    

By:   
     
    /s/ Jochen E. Tilk    

Jochen E. Tilk   

President and Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 6
 d174286dex31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(B)

EXHIBIT 31(B) 

Exhibit 31(b)        
   CERTIFICATION           I, Wayne R. Brownlee, certify that:       

1.  
  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc.;     

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)  
  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)  
  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)  
  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         

(d)  
  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         

(a)  
  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         

(b)  
  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
           Date: November 1, 2016    

By:   
     
    /s/ Wayne R. Brownlee    

Wayne R. Brownlee   

Executive Vice President, Treasurer and   
   Chief Financial Officer     

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 7
 d174286dex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32 

Exhibit 32       Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers
of Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:      The Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ), of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in
the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.       

Date: November 1, 2016   

By:   
     
    /s/ Jochen E. Tilk    

Jochen E. Tilk    

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 1, 2016  

By:   
     
    /s/ Wayne R. Brownlee    

Wayne R. Brownlee    

Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer     
    The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K,
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q.   

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 8
 d174286dex95.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

EXHIBIT 95 

Exhibit 95        Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by    
   Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.    
  The following table reflects citations, orders and notices issued to us by the United States Mine Safety and Health Administration (the
 MSHA ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Reporting Period ) and contains certain additional information as required by Section 1503(a) and Item 104 of Regulation S-K of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission, including information regarding mining-related fatalities, proposed assessments from the MSHA and legal actions ( Legal Actions ) before the United States Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission
( FMSHRC ), an independent adjudicative agency that provides administrative trial and appellate review of legal disputes arising under the United States Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by the Mine Improvement and New
Emergency Response Act of 2006 (the  Act ).      Included below is the information required by Section 1503(a) with respect to
our facilities at Aurora, North Carolina (MSHA Identification Number  31-00212)  ( Aurora ), Weeping Water, Nebraska (MSHA Identification Number  25-00554) 
( Weeping Water ) and White Springs, Florida (MSHA Identification Number  08-00798)  ( White Springs ) for the Reporting Period:   

Aurora  

Weeping Water  

White Springs  

(a)   
     
  the total number of alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly or substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine
safety or health hazard under Section 104 of the Act for which a citation was received from the MSHA  

0  

3  

1  

(b)   
     
  the total number of orders issued under Section 104(b) of the Act  

0  

0  

0  

(c)   
     
  the total number of citations received and orders issued under Section 104(d) of the Act for alleged unwarrantable failures of the Company to comply with mandatory health or
safety standards  

0  

1  

0  

(d)   
     
  the total number of alleged flagrant violations under Section 110(b)(2) of the Act  

0  

0  

0  

(e)   
     
  the total number of imminent danger orders issued under Section 107(a) of the Act  

0  

0  

0  

(f)   
     
  the total value (in dollars) of proposed assessments from the MSHA under the Act  

$  
  552  

$  
  0  

$  
  7,433  

(g)   
     
  the total number of mining-related fatalities  

0  

0  

0  

(h)   
     
  received notice from the MSHA of a pattern of violations under Section 104(e) of the Act  

No  

No  

No  

(i)   
     
  received notice from the MSHA of potential to have a pattern of violations under Section 104(e) of the Act  

No  

No  

No  

(j)   
     
  the total number of Legal Actions pending as of the last day of the Reporting Period  

0  

0  

2  

(k)   
     
  Legal Actions initiated during the Reporting Period  

0  

0  

0  

(l)   
     
  Legal Actions resolved during the Reporting Period  

0  

0  

0  

</EX-95>

10-Q
 9
 d174286d10q1.pdf
 10-Q COURTESY PDF

