<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1607250_0001607250-16-000097_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5103955</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87468</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>510906</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1906432</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1407960</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>712163</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607250-16-000097.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103161926
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607250-16-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Transocean Partners LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001607250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				660818288
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			1T
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36584
		FILM NUMBER:		161971859

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 GEORGE STREET
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1U 7DW
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44-20-3675-8410

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 GEORGE STREET
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1U 7DW

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607250-16-000097.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 rigp-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

rigp_Current_Folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10 Q 

(Mark one) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission file number 001 36584 

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Republic of the Marshall Islands  

66-0818288  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

40 George Street  
					 
						 London, England, United Kingdom  

W1U 7DW  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

+44 (20) 3675-8410  

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes     No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes     No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer      Accelerated filer      Non     accelerated filer (do not check if a smaller reporting company)      Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes     No   

As of October 25, 2016, 40,914,962 common units and 27,586,207 subordinated units were outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO FORM 10 Q   

QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

6  

Page  

PART I.    

FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.    

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   

1

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   

2

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity   

3

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

4

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

5

Item 2.    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

11

Item 3.    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

21

Item 4.    

Controls and Procedures   

21

PART II .  

OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    

Legal Proceedings   

22

Item 1A.    

Risk Factors   

22

Item 2.    

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

22

Item 4.    

Mine Safety Disclosures   

22

Item 6.    

Exhibits   

23

Table of Contents  

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  Financial Statements    

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     

(In millions, except per unit data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

- 1 - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     

(In millions, except unit data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

- 2 - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY     

(In millions) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

- 3 - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     

(In millions) 

(Unaudited) 

Nine months ended   

September 30,   

2016  

2015  

Cash flows from operating activities  

Net income (loss)  

$  

221

$  

(198)

Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities  

Amortization of drilling contract intangible  

(11)

(11)

Depreciation  

51

51

Patent royalties expense  

8

17

Loss on impairment  

356

Deferred income taxes  

3

Other, net  

1

4

Changes in deferred revenues, net  

(13)

(11)

Changes in deferred costs, net  

3

1

Changes in operating assets and liabilities  

1

35

Net cash provided by operating activities  

264

244

Cash flows from investing activities  

Payments to affiliates for capital expenditures  

(18)

(12)

Proceeds from affiliates for disposal of assets, net  

5

6

Net cash used in investing activities  

(13)

(6)

Cash flows from financing activities  

Repayment of working capital note payable to affiliate  

(43)

Distributions of available cash to unitholders  

(74)

(75)

Distributions to holder of noncontrolling interests  

(112)

(76)

Payments to repurchase common units  

(3)

Contributions for parent indemnification of lost revenues  

10

Net cash used in financing activities  

(189)

(184)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  

62

54

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  

159

86

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  

$  

221

$  

140

See accompanying notes. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

Note 1 Business     

Transocean Partners LLC (together with its subsidiaries and predecessors, unless the context requires otherwise,  Transocean Partners ,  we ,  us , or  our ), a Marshall Islands limited liability company, was formed on February 6, 2014 by Transocean Partners Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands company (the  Transocean Member ) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Transocean Ltd. (together with its affiliates, unless the context requires otherwise,  Transocean ), to own, operate and acquire modern, technologically advanced offshore drilling rigs.  At September 30, 2016, the drilling units in our fleet included the ultra deepwater drillships   Discoverer Inspiration   and   Discoverer Clear Leader   and the ultra deepwater semisubmersible   Development Driller III  , which are located in the United States ( U.S. ) Gulf of Mexico. 

We own a 51 percent interest in each of the entities that owns and operates the drilling units in our fleet (each individually, a  RigCo , and collectively, the  RigCos ).  The Transocean Member owns the remaining 49 percent noncontrolling interest in each of the RigCos.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Transocean Member held 21.3 million common units and 27.6 million subordinated units, which collectively represented a 71.3 percent and 70.9 percent, respectively, limited liability company interest in us, and all of our incentive distribution rights.  See Note 8 Equity. 

On July 31, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Transocean and two wholly owned subsidiaries of Transocean.  Upon the closing of the merger as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we will merge with one of the Transocean subsidiaries, with Transocean Partners continuing as the surviving company as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Transocean Ltd.  Each of our common units that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing, other than units held by Transocean and its subsidiaries, will be converted into the right to receive 1.1427 Transocean Ltd. shares.  If the transaction is completed, our common units will cease to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange. 

The merger has been approved by our board of directors and our conflicts committee, by a special committee of the board of directors of Transocean Ltd., and by the boards of directors of the Transocean subsidiary companies that are parties to the Merger Agreement.  Consummation of the merger is subject to various conditions, including approval of the Merger Agreement by our common unitholders and other customary closing conditions.  Such unitholder approval requires at least 50.1 percent of the common units not held by Transocean.  If approved, we expect the closing of the merger will take place in the fourth quarter of 2016.   

See Note 11 Subsequent Events. 

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies 

Presentation   We have prepared our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10 Q and Article 10 of Regulation S X of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  Pursuant to such rules and regulations, these financial statements do not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. for complete financial statements.  The condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods.  Such adjustments are considered to be of a normal recurring nature unless otherwise noted.  Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future period.  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 included in our annual report on Form 10 K filed on February 25, 2016. 

Accounting estimates   To prepare financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to our allocated costs and related party transactions, materials and supplies obsolescence, property and equipment, drilling contract intangible liability, income taxes and equity based compensation.  We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results could differ from such estimates. 

Fair value measurements   We estimate fair value at a price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants in the principal market for the asset or liability.  Our valuation techniques require inputs that we categorize using a three level hierarchy, from highest to lowest level of observable inputs, as follows: (1) significant observable inputs, including unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets ( Level 1 ), (2) significant other observable inputs, including direct or indirect market data for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or identical assets or liabilities in less active markets ( Level 2 ) and (3) significant unobservable inputs, including those that require considerable judgment for which there is little or no market data ( Level 3 ).  When multiple input levels are required for a valuation, we categorize the entire fair value   

5 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   continued 

(Unaudited) 

measurement according to the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement even though we may have also utilized significant inputs that are more readily observable. 

Reclassifications   We have made certain reclassifications to prior period amounts to conform with the current period s presentation.  Such reclassifications did not have a material effect on our condensed consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Subsequent events   We evaluate subsequent events through the time of our filing on the date we issue our financial statements.  See Note 11 Subsequent Events. 

Note 3 New Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently issued accounting standards 

Presentation of financial statements   Effective with our annual report for the year ending December 31, 2016, we will adopt the accounting standards update that requires us to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued.  The update is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016 and for interim and annual periods thereafter.  We do not expect that our adoption will have a material effect on the disclosures contained in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Stock compensation   Effective no later than January 1, 2017, we will adopt the accounting standards update that allows for simplification of the accounting for share based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows.  The update, which permits early adoption, is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.  We do not expect that our adoption will have a material effect on our condensed consolidated statements of financial position, operations or cash flows or on the disclosures contained in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue from contracts with customers   Effective January 1, 2018, we will adopt the accounting standards update that requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  The update, which permits early adoption, is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  We are evaluating the requirements to determine the effect such requirements may have on our condensed consolidated statements of financial position, operations and cash flows and on the disclosures contained in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Leases   Effective no later than January 1, 2019, we will adopt the accounting standards update that (a) requires lessees to recognize a right to use asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases, and (b) updates previous accounting standards for lessors to align certain requirements with the updates to lessee accounting standards and the revenue recognition accounting standards.  The update, which permits early adoption, is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual periods.  We are evaluating the requirements to determine the effect such requirements may have on our condensed consolidated statements of financial position, operations and cash flows and on the disclosures contained in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Note 4 Goodwill Impairment 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, we noted impairment indicators that the fair value of our goodwill could have fallen below its carrying amount.  Such impairment indicators included further reduction in the market value of our publicly traded common units and oil and natural gas prices as well as projected reductions in dayrates and utilization.  As a result, we performed interim goodwill impairment tests as of March 31 and September 30, 2015 and determined that the goodwill associated with our reporting unit was fully impaired.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a loss of $289 million and $356 million, respectively, associated with the impairment of our then remaining goodwill, which had no tax effect, and of which $148 million and $182 million, respectively, was attributable to controlling interest ($2.13 per diluted unit and $2.63 per diluted unit) and $141 million and $174 million, respectively, was attributable to noncontrolling interest.  We estimated the implied fair value of the goodwill using a variety of valuation methods, including the income and market approaches.  Our estimate of fair value required us to use significant unobservable inputs, representative of a Level 3 fair value measurement, including assumptions related to the future performance of our reporting unit, such as future oil and natural gas prices, projected demand for our services, rig availability and dayrates. 

-  6  - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   continued 

(Unaudited) 

Note 5 Income Taxes 

We are organized as a limited liability company under the laws of The Republic of the Marshall Islands and are a resident in the United Kingdom (the  U.K. ) for taxation purposes.  We calculate our provision for income taxes based on the laws and rates applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate and earn income.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our estimated effective tax rate was 5.4 percent and 6.1 percent, respectively, based on estimated income before income taxes, after excluding the loss on impairment. 

Note 6 Earnings (Loss) Per Unit 

The numerator and denominator used for the computation of basic and diluted per unit earnings, were as follows (in millions, except per unit data): 

In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we excluded from the calculation 26,189 equity-based awards since the effect would have been anti-dilutive.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we did not exclude any equity based awards from the calculation. 

See Note 8 Equity and Note 11 Subsequent Events. 

Note 7 Credit Agreement 

Five Year Revolving Credit Facility   On August 5, 2014, we entered into a credit agreement, which is scheduled to expire on August 5, 2019, with a Transocean affiliate to establish a committed $300 million five year revolving credit facility that allows for uncommitted increases in amounts agreed to by the Transocean affiliate and us (the  Five Year Revolving Credit Facility ).  We may borrow under the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility at either (1) the adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin (the  revolving credit facility margin ), which ranges from 1.625 percent to 2.250 percent based on our leverage ratio, as defined, or (2) the base rate specified in the credit agreement plus the revolving credit facility margin, less one percent per annum.  Throughout the term of the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee on the daily unused amount of the underlying commitment, which ranges from 0.225 percent to 0.325 percent based on our leverage ratio, as defined.  Among other things, the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility includes limitations on creating liens, incurring subsidiary debt, transactions with affiliates, sale/leaseback transactions, mergers and the sale of substantially all of our assets.  The Five Year Revolving Credit Facility also includes a covenant imposing a maximum debt ratio, as defined in the credit agreement.  Borrowings under the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default.  At September 30, 2016, based on our leverage ratio on that date, the revolving credit facility margin was 1.625 percent.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had no borrowings outstanding and $300 million available borrowing capacity under the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility. 

-  7  - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   continued 

(Unaudited) 

Note 8 Equity 

Cash distributions to unitholders   On February 9, May 5 and August 2, 2016, our board of directors approved distributions of $0.3625 per unit to our unitholders.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made an aggregate cash distribution of $24 million and $74 million, respectively, to our unitholders of record as of February 22, May 17 and August 15, 2016, including an aggregate cash distribution of $17 million and $53 million, respectively, to the Transocean Member.  See Note 11 Subsequent Events. 

On February 9, May 4 and July 30, 2015, our board of directors approved distributions of $0.3625 per unit to our unitholders.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we made an aggregate cash distribution of $25 million and $75 million, respectively, to our unitholders of record as of February 20, May 15 and August 12, 2015, including an aggregate cash distribution of $17 million and $53 million, respectively, to the Transocean Member. 

Cash distributions to holder of noncontrolling interests   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the RigCos made an aggregate cash distribution of $228 million, of which $112 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the RigCos made an aggregate cash distribution of $154 million, of which $76 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos.  See Note 11 Subsequent Events. 

Unit repurchase program   On November 4, 2015, we announced that our board of directors approved a unit repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $40 million of our publicly held common units for cancellation.  Subject to market conditions, we may repurchase units from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.  We may suspend or discontinue the program at any time.  The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to repurchase our common units without the consent of Transocean, and we have not made any such repurchases since we entered into the agreement.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, under the unit repurchase program, we repurchased 386,876 of our publicly held common units at an average market price of $8.23 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $3 million, and such common units were cancelled.  In the year ended December 31, 2015, we repurchased 91,500 of our publicly held common units at an average market price of $9.20 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $1 million, and such common units were cancelled.  At September 30, 2016, the authorization remaining under the unit repurchase program was for the repurchase of up to $36 million of our publicly held common units. 

Note 9 Related Party Transactions 

Master services and support agreements 

Secondment agreements   On August 5, 2014, we entered into secondment agreements with certain Transocean affiliates to provide the services of our chief executive officer, rig crews and other personnel.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized costs of $22 million and $67 million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs and expenses, and $1 million and $3 million, respectively, recorded in general and administrative costs and expenses, for personnel costs under the secondment agreements.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized costs of $22 million and $69 million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs and expenses, and $1 million and $3 million, respectively, recorded in general and administrative costs and expenses, for personnel costs under the secondment agreements. 

Master services agreements   On August 5, 2014, we entered into master services agreements, which have initial terms of five years, with certain Transocean affiliates, pursuant to which Transocean affiliates provide certain administrative, technical and non executive management services to us.  We agreed to reimburse Transocean for the cost of all direct labor, materials and expenses incurred in connection with the provision of such services, plus an allocated portion of Transocean s shared and pooled direct costs, indirect costs and general and administrative costs as determined by Transocean s internal accounting procedures, and a markup fee under certain circumstances.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized costs of $23 million and $75 million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs and expenses, and $6 million and $17 million, respectively, recorded in general and administrative costs and expenses, for services under the master services agreements.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized costs of $44 million and $101 million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs and expenses, and $4 million and $13 million, respectively, recorded in general and administrative costs and expenses, for services under the master services agreements. 

In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we acquired $4 million and $21 million, respectively, of materials and supplies and $6 million and $18 million, respectively, of capital equipment transferred to us by Transocean or purchased through Transocean s procurement services.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we acquired $5 million and $20 million, respectively, of materials and supplies and $2 million and $12 million, respectively, of capital equipment transferred to us by Transocean or purchased through Transocean s procurement services. 

-  8  - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   continued 

(Unaudited) 

Other agreements 

Omnibus agreement   On August 5, 2014, we entered into an omnibus agreement with Transocean and certain of its affiliates (the  Omnibus Agreement ).  Under the Omnibus Agreement, Transocean granted us a right of first offer for its remaining ownership interests in each of the RigCos should Transocean decide to sell such interests.  Transocean also agreed to offer us within five years of the effective date of the Omnibus Agreement, the opportunity to purchase, subject to requisite government and other third party consents, not less than a 51 percent interest in any four of the following six ultra deepwater drillships:   Deepwater Invictus  ,    Deepwater Thalassa  ,    Deepwater Proteus  ,    Deepwater Pontus  ,    Deepwater Poseidon   and   Deepwater Conqueror  .  The purchase price for each drillship will be equal to the greater of the fair market value, taking into account the anticipated cash flows under the associated drilling contracts, or the all in construction cost, plus transaction costs.  Transocean will select which of these drillships it will offer to us, the timing of the offers and whether it will offer us the opportunity to purchase a greater than 51 percent interest in any offered drillship.  In addition, Transocean agreed not to acquire, own or operate any new drilling rig or contract for any drilling rig, in each case that was constructed in 2009 or later and is operating under a contract for five or more years (each, a  Five Year Drilling Rig ), subject to certain exceptions, without offering us the opportunity to purchase such rig.  We also agreed not to acquire, own, operate, or contract for any drilling rig that is not a Five Year Drilling Rig, subject to certain exceptions, without first offering the contract to Transocean. 

Among other things, Transocean also agreed to indemnify us for any lost revenue, up to $100 million, arising out of the failure to receive an operating dayrate from our customer for   Discoverer Clear Leader  , for the period commencing on the closing date of our initial public offering through the completion of the rig s 2014 special periodic survey, which occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2014.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received a cash payment of $10 million for such indemnification claims submitted in the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Dual activity license agreements   All three of our drilling units are equipped with Transocean s patented dual activity technology.  Dual activity technology employs structures, equipment and techniques using two drilling stations within a dual derrick to perform drilling tasks.  Dual activity technology allows our rigs to perform simultaneous drilling tasks in a parallel rather than a sequential manner and reduces critical path activity, improving efficiency in both exploration and development drilling. 

Under our license agreements with Transocean, which expired in May 2016, we were required to pay quarterly patent royalties of between 3 percent and 5 percent of revenues.  The Transocean Member agreed to retain and pay the obligation for the quarterly patent royalties.  As a result, we recognized non cash operating expense for patent royalties, recorded in operating and maintenance costs and expenses, representing the patent royalties paid by the Transocean Member on our behalf, with corresponding entries to members  equity.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized patent royalties expense of $8 million.  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized patent royalties expense of $5 million and $17 million, respectively. 

Credit agreement   On August 5, 2014, we entered into the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility with a Transocean affiliate.  See Note 7 Credit Agreement. 

Note 10 Financial Instruments 

The carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments were as follows (in millions): 

The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents represents the historical cost, plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value because of the short maturities of those instruments.  We measured the estimated fair value of our cash equivalents using significant other observable inputs, representative of a Level 2 fair value measurement, including the net asset values of the investments.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the aggregate carrying amount of our cash equivalents was $174 million and $153 million, respectively. 

-  9  - 

Table of Contents  

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   continued 

(Unaudited) 

Note 11 Subsequent Events 

Cash distribution to unitholders   On November 3, 2016, our board of directors approved a distribution of $0.3625 per unit to our unitholders.  We expect to pay the aggregate cash distribution of $25 million on November 22, 2016 to our unitholders of record as of November 14, 2016, including an aggregate cash payment of $18 million to the Transocean Member. 

Cash distribution to holder of noncontrolling interests   Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the RigCos made an aggregate cash distribution of $52 million, of which $25 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos. 

Merger   On October 4, 2016, we announced that we would convene a special meeting of our common unitholders to approve the Merger Agreement with Transocean.  The meeting, which will be open to unitholders of record as of September 22, 2016, will be held on November 11, 2016. 

-  10  - 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion   and Analysis of Financial Condition and   Results of Operations  

Forward Looking Information 

The statements included in this quarterly report regarding future financial performance and results of operations and other statements that are not historical facts are forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States ( U.S. ) Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements in this quarterly report include, but are not limited to, statements about the following subjects: 

forecasts of our ability to make cash distributions on the units and the amount of any borrowings that may be necessary to make such distributions;     

forecasts of our results of operations and cash flow from operations, including revenues, revenue efficiency, costs and expenses;     

the offshore drilling market, including the impact of enhanced regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, supply and demand,  including expectations that the oversupply of oil will decrease as the current supply and demand imbalance narrows, utilization rates, dayrates, customer drilling programs, commodity prices, stacking or idling of rigs, reactivation of rigs, effects of new rigs on the market and effects of declines in commodity prices and a downturn in the global economy or market outlook for our various geographical operating sectors and classes of rigs;     

customer drilling contracts, including contract backlog, force majeure provisions, contract commencements, contract extensions, contract terminations, contract option exercises, contract revenues, indemnity provisions, contract awards and rig mobilizations;     

liquidity and adequacy of cash flows for our obligations, including our ability to meet any future capital expenditure requirements;     

debt levels, including impacts of a financial and economic downturn;     

benefits, effects or results of the merger with Transocean Ltd. (together with its affiliates, unless the context requires otherwise,  Transocean );     

timing and timeline of the completion of the merger with Transocean;     

impact of the merger with Transocean on our cash distributions;     

expected compliance with financing agreements and the expected effect of restrictive covenants in such agreements;     

tax matters, including our effective tax rate, changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations, tax assessments and liabilities for tax issues;     

legal and regulatory matters, including results and effects of legal proceedings and governmental audits and assessments, outcomes and effects of internal and governmental investigations, customs and environmental matters;     

our ability to maintain operating expenses at adequate and profitable levels;     

our ability to operate safely, efficiently and cost effectively and secure additional long term contracts, extend existing contracts and maintain high rig utilization;     

incurrence of cost overruns in the maintenance or other work performed on our drilling rigs;     

our ability to leverage our relationship with Transocean and its reputation in the offshore drilling industry;     

our ability to purchase drilling rigs from Transocean in the future;     

our ability to make acquisitions that will enable us to increase our quarterly distributions per unit;     

insurance matters, including adequacy of insurance, renewal of insurance and insurance proceeds;     

effects of accounting changes and adoption of accounting policies; and     

investments in recruitment, retention and personnel development initiatives, pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan contributions, the timing of severance pay.     

Forward looking statements in this quarterly report are identifiable by use of the following words and other similar expressions: 

anticipates   

could   

forecasts   

might   

projects   

believes   

estimates   

intends   

plans   

scheduled   

budgets   

expects   

may   

predicts   

should   

Such statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to: 

those described under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  included in Part I of our annual report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2015;     

the failure to obtain approval of our unitholders and to satisfy the other conditions to the consummation of the merger;     

the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger with Transocean;     

the adequacy of and access to sources of liquidity;     

our inability to renew drilling contracts at comparable dayrates;     

operational performance;     

the impact of regulatory changes;     

the cancellation of drilling contracts currently included in our reported contract backlog;     

changes in political, social and economic conditions;     

the effect and results of litigation, regulatory matters, settlements, audits, assessments and contingencies; and     

other factors discussed in this quarterly report and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), which are available free of charge on the SEC website at   www.sec.gov  .     

The foregoing risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases, we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward looking statements.  Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated.  All subsequent written and oral forward looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by reference to these risks and uncertainties.  You should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements.  Each forward looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement.  We expressly disclaim any obligations   

-   11      - 

Table of Contents  

or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or beliefs with regard to the statement or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based, except as required by law. 

Business 

Transocean Partners LLC (together with its subsidiaries and predecessors, unless the context requires otherwise,  Transocean Partners ,  we ,  us , or  our ) was formed as a growth oriented limited liability company by Transocean to own, operate and acquire modern, technologically advanced offshore drilling rigs.  The drilling units in our fleet include the ultra deepwater drillships   Discoverer Inspiration   and   Discoverer Clear Leader   and the ultra deepwater semisubmersible   Development Driller III  , which are located in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.  We generate revenues through contract drilling services, which involves contracting our mobile offshore drilling fleet, related equipment and seconded work crews on a dayrate basis to drill oil and gas wells. 

We own a 51 percent interest in each of the entities that owns and operates the drilling units in our fleet (each individually, a  RigCo , and collectively, the  RigCos ).  Transocean Partners Holdings Limited (the  Transocean Member ), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Transocean Ltd., owns the remaining 49 percent noncontrolling interest in each of the RigCos.  We control each RigCo through our ownership of the majority of its shares or limited liability company interests.  We are entitled to only 51 percent of the RigCos  distributions, if any.  Our interest in the RigCos represents our only cash generating asset.  We depend on Transocean affiliates to operate our drilling units, manage our customer relationships, renew existing and obtain new drilling contracts and to perform other administrative support activities. 

Although our contract drilling services operations are currently concentrated in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, we can provide our services anywhere in the global offshore drilling market.  Although rigs can be moved from one region to another, the cost of moving rigs and the availability of rig moving vessels may cause the supply and demand balance to fluctuate somewhat between regions.  Still, significant variations between regions do not tend to persist long term because of rig mobility.  Our fleet operates in a single, global market for the provision of contract drilling services.  The location of our rigs and the allocation of resources to operate or upgrade our rigs are determined by the activities and needs of our customers. 

Significant Events 

Merger   On July 31, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Transocean and two wholly owned subsidiaries of Transocean.  Upon the closing of the merger as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we will merge with one of the Transocean subsidiaries, with Transocean Partners continuing as the surviving company as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Transocean Ltd.  Each of our common units that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing, other than units held by Transocean and its subsidiaries, will be converted into the right to receive 1.1427 Transocean Ltd. shares.  If the transaction is completed, our common units will cease to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange. 

The merger has been approved by our board of directors and our conflicts committee, by a special committee of the board of directors of Transocean Ltd. and by the boards of directors of the Transocean subsidiary companies that are parties to the Merger Agreement.  Consummation of the merger is subject to various conditions, including approval of the Merger Agreement by our common unitholders and other customary closing conditions.  Such unitholder approval requires at least 50.1 percent of the common units not held by Transocean.  On October 4, 2016, we announced that we would convene a special meeting of our common unitholders to approve the Merger Agreement with Transocean.  The meeting, which will be open to unitholders of record as of September 22, 2016, will be held on November 11, 2016.  No Transocean shareholder vote will be required to complete the merger.  If approved, we expect the closing of the merger will take place in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Cash distributions to unitholders   On February 9, May 5, August 2, and November 3, 2016, our board of directors approved distributions of $0.3625 per unit to our unitholders.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made an aggregate cash payment of $74 million to our unitholders, including an aggregate cash distribution of $53 million to the Transocean Member.  On November 22, 2016, we expect to make an aggregate cash payment of $25 million to our unitholders of record as of November 14, 2016, including an aggregate cash payment of $18 million to the Transocean Member.  See   Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity.  

Cash distributions to holder of noncontrolling interests   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the RigCos made an aggregate cash distribution of $228 million, of which $112 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos.  In October 2016, we made an aggregate cash distribution of $52 million, of which $25 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos.  See   Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity.  

Unit repurchase program   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 386,876 of our publicly held common units at an average market price of $8.23 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $3 million.  See   Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity.  

-   12      - 

Table of Contents  

Outlook 

Drilling market   Our long term view of the offshore drilling market remains positive, particularly for high specification assets.  However, although commodity pricing has improved over the past quarter, our customers continue to focus on cost reduction and remain disciplined with respect to allocation of capital.  As such we expect them to continue to limit spending on exploration and development opportunities into 2017.  The risks of project delays, contract renegotiations and contract terminations are expected to persist in the near term.  Few new contracts have been awarded year to date, and this trend is likely to continue through the remainder of 2016 and 2017, resulting in lower rig utilization rates exacerbating the negative pressure on dayrates.    Development Driller III   is scheduled to complete its drilling contract in November 2016, and we expect the rig to be idle for some period of time thereafter.  Over time, we believe the oversupply of oil will decrease as the current supply and demand imbalance narrows.  As spare oil capacity diminishes, we expect upward pressure on commodity pricing with subsequent increased demand for drilling rigs. 

Fleet status   We present the availability of our rigs in terms of the uncommitted fleet rate.  The uncommitted fleet rate is defined as the number of uncommitted days divided by the total number of rig calendar days in the measurement period, expressed as a percentage.  An uncommitted day is defined as a calendar day during which a rig is idle or stacked, is not contracted to a customer and is not committed to a shipyard. 

As of October 24, 2016, uncommitted fleet rates for the remainder of 2016 and for each of the subsequent four years in the period ending December 31, 2020 were as follows: 

Performance and Other Key Indicators 

Contract backlog   Contract backlog is defined as the maximum contractual operating dayrate multiplied by the number of days remaining in the firm contract period, excluding revenues for mobilization, demobilization and contract preparation or other incentive provisions.  Contract backlog represents the maximum contract drilling revenues that can be earned considering the contractual operating dayrate in effect during the firm contract period and represents the basis for the maximum revenues in our revenue efficiency measurement.  To determine maximum revenues for purposes of calculating revenue efficiency, however, we include the revenues earned for mobilization, demobilization and contract preparation, other incentive provisions or cost escalation provisions, which are excluded from the amounts presented for contract backlog.  The contract backlog for our fleet was as follows: 

Our contract backlog includes only firm commitments, which are represented by signed drilling contracts.  The contractual operating dayrate may be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive or an alternative contractual dayrate, such as a waiting on weather rate, repair rate, standby rate or force majeure rate, may apply under certain circumstances.  The contractual operating dayrate may also be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive because of a number of factors, including rig downtime or suspension of operations.  In certain contracts, the dayrate may be reduced to zero if, for example, repairs extend beyond a stated period of time.  The actual dayrate we receive may be higher than the contractual rate under certain circumstances, such as when cost escalation provisions are applied. 

The actual amounts of revenues earned and the actual periods during which revenues are earned will differ from the amounts and periods shown in the tables above due to various factors, including shipyard and maintenance projects, unplanned downtime and other factors that result in lower applicable dayrates than the full contractual operating dayrate.  Additional factors that could affect the amount and timing of actual revenue to be recognized include customer liquidity issues and contract terminations. 

-   13      - 

Table of Contents  

Average daily revenue   Average daily revenue is defined as contract drilling revenues earned per operating day.  An operating day is defined as a calendar day during which a rig is contracted to earn a dayrate during the firm contract period after commencement of operations.  The average daily revenue for our fleet was as follows: 

Our average daily revenue fluctuates primarily due to our revenue efficiency. 

Revenue efficiency   Revenue efficiency is defined as actual contract drilling revenues for the measurement period divided by the maximum revenue calculated for the measurement period, expressed as a percentage.  Maximum revenue is defined as the greatest amount of contract drilling revenues the drilling unit could earn for the measurement period, excluding amounts related to incentive provisions.  The revenue efficiency rates for our fleet were as follows: 

Our revenue efficiency rate varies due to revenues earned under alternative contractual dayrates, such as a waiting on weather rate, repair rate, standby rate, force majeure rate or zero rate, that may apply under certain circumstances. 

In the three months ended September 30 and June 30, 2016, revenues earned by   Discoverer Inspiration   and   Discoverer Clear Leader   exceeded maximum revenues as a result of achieving certain contractual incentive bonuses.  In the three months ended September 30, 2015, revenues earned by   Discoverer Inspiration   were lower due to unpaid downtime related to subsea and pipe handling equipment. 

Rig utilization   Rig utilization is defined as the total number of operating days divided by the total number of rig calendar days in the measurement period, expressed as a percentage.  The rig utilization rates for our fleet were as follows: 

Our rig utilization rate could decline as a result of unplanned out of service shipyard periods.  The rig utilization rate may also decline as a result of idle rigs and during shipyard and mobilization periods to the extent these rigs are not earning revenues. 

-   14      - 

Table of Contents  

Operating Results 

Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

The following is an analysis of our operating results.  See   Performance and Other Key Indicators  for definitions of operating days, average daily revenue, revenue efficiency and rig utilization. 

n/m  means not meaningful. 

Operating revenues     Contract drilling revenues increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the following: (a) approximately $37 million of increased revenues primarily for   Discoverer Inspiration   resulting from increased revenue efficiency, partially offset by (b) approximately $2 million of decreased revenues for   Discoverer Clear Leader   and   Discoverer Inspiration   resulting from reduced contractual dayrates due to cost deescalations. 

Costs and expenses   Operating and maintenance expense decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the following: (a) approximately $18 million of decreased maintenance expense for     all three rigs because of repairs and maintenance in the prior year period, including $8 million of maintenance expense for   Discoverer Inspiration   relating to subsea and pipe handling equipment, with no comparable activity in the current year period, (b) approximately $6 million of decreased operating costs for all three rigs due to the expiration of the patent royalty arrangement in May 2016 and (c) approximately $3 million of decreased personnel and other operating costs for all three rigs. 

Loss on impairment   During the three months ended September 30, 2015, as a result of an interim impairment test, we recognized a loss on impairment of the then remaining carrying amount of our goodwill. 

Income tax expense   In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, such as our loss on impairment, was 5.4 percent and 5.5 percent, respectively, based on estimated annual income before income taxes.  We treat the tax effect of settlements of prior year tax liabilities and changes in prior year tax estimates as discrete period tax expenses or benefits.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the effect of the discrete period tax items was a net tax benefit of less than $1 million in each period.  In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our effective tax rate was 5.2 percent and (0.3) percent, respectively, based on income (loss) before income taxes, including these discrete items. 

-   15      - 

Table of Contents  

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

The following is an analysis of our operating results.  See   Performance and Other Key Indicators  for definitions of operating days, average daily revenue, revenue efficiency and rig utilization. 

n/m  means not meaningful. 

Operating revenues   Contract drilling revenues increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the following: (a) approximately $30 million of increased revenues for   Discoverer Inspiration   resulting from increased revenue efficiency due to subsea and pipe handling equipment issues in the prior year period, (b) approximately $9 million of increased revenues for   Discoverer Inspiration   resulting from improved utilization because of shipyard time in the prior year period with no comparable activity in the current year period and (c) approximately $7 million of increased revenues for   Discoverer Inspiration   resulting from increased contractual dayrates.  These increases were partially offset by the following: (a) approximately $9 million of decreased revenues for   Discoverer Clear Leader   and   Development Driller III   resulting from decreased revenue efficiency and (b) approximately $3 million of decreased revenues for   Discoverer Clear Leader   and   Development Driller III   resulting from reduced contractual dayrates due to cost deescalations. 

Costs and expenses   Operating and maintenance expense decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the following: (a) approximately $27 million of decreased maintenance costs for all three rigs because of unplanned repairs and shipyard time in the prior year period with no comparable activity in the current year period, (b) approximately $10 million of decreased operating costs for all three rigs due to the expiration of the patent royalty arrangement in May 2016 and (c) approximately $3 million of decreased personnel and other operating costs for all three rigs.  These decreases were partially offset by approximately $3 million of increased cost allocations from Transocean. 

General and administrative costs and expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to increased cost allocations from Transocean. 

Loss on impairment     During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as a result of interim impairment tests, we recognized a loss on impairment of the full carrying amount of our goodwill. 

Income tax expense   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our annual effective tax rate was 5.4 percent and 6.1 percent, respectively, based on income before income taxes after excluding the loss on impairment.  We treat the tax effect of settlements of prior year tax liabilities and changes in prior year tax estimates as discrete period tax expenses or benefits.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the effect of the discrete period tax items was a net tax expense of less than $1 million and a net tax benefit of less than $1 million, respectively.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our effective tax rate was 5.6 percent and (4.9) percent, respectively, based on income (loss) before income taxes, including these discrete items. 

-   16      - 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources and uses of cash 

Transocean uses a centralized approach to treasury services to perform cash management for the operations of its affiliates.  Under the master services agreements with Transocean, Transocean provides its treasury services to manage our cash and cash equivalents. 

The following table summarizes our net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities and our cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased cash from earnings after adjusting for non cash items. 

Net cash used in investing activities increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased capital expenditures. 

Net cash used in financing activities increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the following: (a) increased distributions to the holder of noncontrolling interests, (b) proceeds from affiliates for indemnification of lost revenues with no comparable activity in the current year period, (c) payments to repurchase common units with no comparable cash flows in the prior year period, partially offset by (d) the repayment of the working capital note to affiliate with no comparable activity in the current year period. 

Sources and uses of liquidity 

Overview   We operate in a capital intensive industry, and our primary liquidity needs are to finance the purchase of additional drilling rigs and other capital expenditures, fund investments, including the equity portion of investments in drilling rigs, fund working capital, maintain cash reserves against fluctuations in operating cash flows and pay distributions to our unitholders.  We may also repurchase our common units under the unit repurchase program.  We expect to fund our short term liquidity needs through cash on hand, borrowings under credit facilities provided by Transocean affiliates or commercial banks, cash generated from operations and issuance of debt or equity securities. 

We expect our ongoing sources of liquidity to include cash generated from operations, borrowings under existing or new credit facilities provided by Transocean affiliates or commercial banks and issuances of debt and equity securities.  Generally, our long term sources of funds will be cash from operations, long term bank borrowings and other debt and equity financings.  Because we will distribute all of our available cash, after deducting estimated maintenance, net of replacement capital expenditures, we expect to fund acquisitions and capital expenditures for expansion by relying on external financing sources, including bank borrowings and the issuance of debt and equity securities. 

Our access to debt and equity markets may be limited due to a variety of events, including, among others, industry conditions, general economic conditions, market conditions and market perceptions of us and our industry.  Our ability to access such markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access such markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions.  An economic downturn could have an impact on Transocean, which is the lender in our revolving credit facility, or on our customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. 

We intend to pay and we expect to have sufficient ability to pay a minimum quarterly distribution of $0.3625 per unit per quarter, equivalent to approximately $25 million per quarter, or $99 million per year in the aggregate, based on the number of outstanding common and subordinated units.  At October 25, 2016, we had 40.9 million common units and 27.6 million subordinated units outstanding.  We do not have a legal obligation to pay this distribution, and the amount declared by our board of directors may vary from this minimum quarterly distribution depending on expectations for future transactions and activities in which we may engage. 

The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to declare cash distributions, in excess of the minimum quarterly distribution of $0.3625 per unit, or to repurchase our common units without the consent of Transocean, provided, that we and Transocean agreed to coordinate the timing of the closing of the merger to facilitate the payment of the regular quarterly distribution to our unitholders for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

-   17      - 

Table of Contents  

Cash distributions to unitholders   On February 9, May 5, August 2, and November 3, 2016, our board of directors approved distributions of $0.3625 per unit to our unitholders.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made an aggregate cash payment of $74 million to our unitholders, including an aggregate cash payment of approximately $53 million to the Transocean Member.  On November 22, 2016, we expect to make an aggregate cash payment of $25 million to our unitholders of record as of November 14, 2016, including an aggregate cash payment of $18 million to the Transocean Member. 

On February 9, May 4, July 30 and October 29, 2015, our board of directors approved distributions of $0.3625 per unit to our unitholders.  In the year ended December 31, 2015, we made an aggregate cash distribution of $100 million to our unitholders, including an aggregate cash distribution of $71 million to the Transocean Member. 

Cash distributions to holder of noncontrolling interests   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the RigCos made an aggregate cash distribution of $228 million, of which $112 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos.  In October 2016, the RigCos made an aggregate cash distribution of $52 million, of which $25 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos.  In the year ended December 31, 2015, the RigCos made an aggregate cash distribution of $206 million, of which $101 million was paid to Transocean as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos. 

Unit repurchase program   On November 4, 2015, we announced that our board of directors approved a unit repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $40 million of our publicly held common units for cancellation.  Subject to market conditions, we may repurchase units from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.  We may suspend or discontinue the program at any time.  The Merger Agreement restricts our ability to repurchase our common units without the consent of Transocean, and we have not made any such repurchases since we entered into the agreement.  As of October 25, 2016, since the inception of the unit repurchase program, we repurchased 478,376 of our publicly held common units at an average market price of $8.41 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $4 million. 

Working capital note payable   On July 29, 2014, we entered into agreements with a Transocean affiliate to establish a working capital note payable in the principal amount of $43 million that was due and payable at maturity on July 28, 2015.  On July 17, 2015, we made a cash payment of $43 million to repay in full the borrowings outstanding under the working capital note payable. 

Revolving credit facility   On August 5, 2014, we entered into a credit agreement, which is scheduled to expire on August 5, 2019, with a Transocean affiliate to establish a committed $300 million five year revolving credit facility that allows for uncommitted increases in amounts agreed to by Transocean and us (the  Five Year Revolving Credit Facility ).  We may borrow under the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility at either (1) the adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin (the  revolving credit facility margin ), which ranges from 1.625 percent to 2.250 percent based on our leverage ratio, as defined, or (2) the base rate specified in the credit agreement plus the revolving credit facility margin, less one percent per annum.  Throughout the term of the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee on the daily unused amount of the underlying commitment, which ranges from 0.225 percent to 0.325 percent based on our leverage ratio, as defined.  Among other things, the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility includes limitations on creating liens, incurring subsidiary debt, transactions with affiliates, sale/leaseback transactions, mergers and the sale of substantially all of our assets.  The Five Year Revolving Credit Facility also includes a covenant imposing a maximum debt ratio, as defined in the agreement, with certain adjustments during a specified acquisition period.  Borrowings under the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default.  At October 25, 2016, we had no borrowings outstanding and $300 million of available borrowing capacity under the Five Year Revolving Credit Facility. 

Lost revenues indemnification   Under the Omnibus Agreement, Transocean agreed to indemnify us for any lost revenues, up to $100 million, arising out of the failure to receive an operating dayrate from our customer for   Discoverer Clear Leader  , for the period commencing on the closing date of our initial public offering through the completion of the rig s 2014 special periodic survey.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received a cash payment of $10 million for such indemnification claims submitted in the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Estimated maintenance and replacement capital expenditures   Subject to the approval by the board of directors of each of the RigCos, each RigCo will transfer its available cash to its equityholders, including the Transocean Member, as holder of the 49 percent noncontrolling interests in the RigCos, each quarter.  In determining the amount of cash available for transfer, the board of directors of each of the RigCos and our board of directors determine the amount of cash reserves to set aside, including reserves for future maintenance and replacement capital expenditures, working capital and other matters.  Because of the substantial capital expenditures the RigCos are required to make to maintain their fleets, we estimate the average annual maintenance and replacement capital expenditures to be $69 million per year, including $50 million for long term maintenance and classification society surveys and $19 million for replacing the rigs at the end of their useful lives. 

We estimate $19 million per year for future rig replacement based on assumptions regarding the remaining useful life of the RigCos  rigs, a net investment rate applied on reserves, replacement values of the RigCos  rigs based on current market conditions, and the residual value of the rigs.  The actual cost of replacing the rigs in the RigCos  fleet will depend on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, drilling contract operating dayrates and the availability and cost of financing at the time of replacement.  Our second amended and restated limited liability company agreement allows our board of directors to deduct from our operating surplus each quarter estimated maintenance and replacement capital expenditures, as opposed to actual maintenance and replacement capital expenditures, in order to reduce disparities in operating surplus caused by fluctuating maintenance and replacement capital expenditures,   

-   18      - 

Table of Contents  

such as classification society surveys and rig replacement.  Our board of directors, with the approval of the conflicts committee, may determine that one or more of our assumptions should be revised, which could cause our board of directors to increase the amount of estimated maintenance and replacement capital expenditures.  We may elect to finance some or all of our maintenance and replacement capital expenditures through the issuance of additional equity securities, which could be dilutive to existing unitholders.  As our fleet matures and expands, our long term maintenance expenses will likely increase. 

Contractual obligations   As of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes to the contractual obligations as previously disclosed in  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our annual report on Form 10 K. 

Contingencies and Uncertainties 

We are organized as a limited liability company under the laws of The Republic of the Marshall Islands and are a resident in the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) for taxation purposes.  We are treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Certain of our controlled affiliates, including the RigCos, are subject to taxation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized, conduct business or own assets.  We calculate our provision for income taxes based on the laws and rates applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate and earn income. 

In March 2016, the U.K. publicly announced its 2016 Budget and Finance Bill.  These initial tax reform proposals included measures that would deny tax deductions or require inclusion of taxable income for certain cross border structure arrangements and transactions.  On September 15, 2016, the final 2016 Finance Act received Royal Assent and was enacted into law.  The tax reforms in the initial proposal that could have resulted in a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings were not included in the final 2016 Finance Act. 

Non GAAP Measures 

We present our operating results in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  We believe certain financial measures that are not prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, such as EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow, which are non GAAP measures, provide users of our financial statements with supplemental information that may be useful in evaluating our operating performance and liquidity.  We believe EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow provide management and external users of our financial statements, such as investors and commercial banks, with supplemental information that can be used to assess the following: (a) our performance from period to period and against performance of other companies in our industry, without regard to financing methods, historical cost basis or capital structure, (b) the ability of our assets to generate sufficient cash flow to make distributions to our members, (c) our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures and (d) the viability of acquisitions and other capital expenditure projects and the returns on investment of various investment opportunities. 

We define EBITDA as earnings before interest expense net of interest income, income taxes, depreciation and amortization.  We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, adjusted for losses on impairment, recognition of prior certification costs and license fees, recognition of non cash patent royalties, recognition of the drilling contract intangible revenues and recognition of pre operating revenues.  We define Distributable Cash Flow as Adjusted EBITDA, further adjusted for planned out of service operating and maintenance expense, cash proceeds from pre operating revenues associated with our long term receivables, estimated maintenance and replacement capital expenditures, cash interest income and expense and cash income taxes. 

The U.S. GAAP measures most directly comparable to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow are net income and net cash provided by operating activities.  EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow should not be considered an alternative to net income, operating income, net cash provided by operating activities or any other measure of operating performance or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income and net cash provided by operating activities, and the preparation of such measures may vary among other companies.  Therefore, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 

-   19      - 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents reconciliations of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow to net income (loss) for each period presented: 

The following table presents a reconciliation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow to net cash provided by operating activities for each period presented: 

-   20      - 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements.  This discussion should be read in conjunction with disclosures included in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements related to estimates, contingencies and other accounting policies.  Significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in this quarterly report on Form 10 Q and in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in our annual report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

For a discussion of the critical accounting policies and estimates that we use in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, see  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  in our annual report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  We have discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes to the types of judgments, assumptions and estimates upon which our critical accounting estimates are based. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of the new accounting pronouncements that have had or are expected to have an effect on our consolidated financial statements, see Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3 New Accounting Pronouncements in this quarterly report on Form 10 Q and  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our annual report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 

We qualify as an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ).  As an emerging growth company, we may, for up to five years after the date of our initial public offering, take advantage of specified exemptions from reporting and other regulatory requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory say on pay votes on executive compensation and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation.  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.  An emerging growth company can, therefore, delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.  We have elected to take advantage of all of the applicable JOBS Act exemptions, including the exemption provided by Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as described above.  This election to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards is irrevocable.  Accordingly, the information that we provide you may be different than what you may receive from other public companies in which you hold equity interests. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative   Disclosures A  bout Market Risk  

Credit risk   We are exposed to credit risk associated with having only two customers.  As of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk as previously disclosed under  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in our annual report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedure  s 

Disclosure controls and procedures   We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), Rules 13a 15 and 15d 15, were effective as of September 30, 2016 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (1) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

Internal control over financial reporting   There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

-   21      - 

Table of Contents  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Legal Proc  eeding  s   

As of September 30, 2016, we were not involved in any lawsuits or other matters that could have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statements of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 1A.  Risk F  actors      

There have been no material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our quarterly report on Form 10 Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Total  

Maximum Number  

Number of Units  

(or Approximate Dollar Value)  

Total Number  

Average  

Purchased as Part  

of Units that May Yet Be Purchased  

of Units  

Price Paid  

of Publicly Announced  

Under the Plans or Programs  

Period  

Purchased  

Per Unit  

Plans or Programs  

(in millions)  

July 2016  

$  

$  

36.0

August 2016  

36.0

September 2016  

36.0

Total  

$  

$  

36.0

Unit repurchase program 

On November 4, 2015, we announced that our board of directors approved a unit repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to $40 million of our publicly held common units for cancellation.  Subject to market conditions, we may repurchase units from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.  We may suspend or discontinue the program at any time.  As of September 30, 2016, since inception of the unit repurchase program, we repurchased 478,376 of our publicly held common units at an average market price of $8.41 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $4 million, and such common units were cancelled.  On July 31, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger that restricts our ability to repurchase our common units without the consent of Transocean, and we have not made any such repurchases since we entered into the agreement.  See  Part I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity.  

Item 4.  Mine   Safety Disclosures     

Not applicable. 

-   22      - 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  Exhibits   

(a)  Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed in connection with this Report: 

Filed herewith.  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 3, 2016. 

TRANSOCEAN PARTNERS LLC  

By:  

/s/ Kathleen S. McAllister                                                          

Kathleen S. McAllister  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

-   23      - 

10-Q
 2
 rigp-20160930x10q.pdf
 10-Q

<EX-31.1>
 3
 rigp-20160930ex311839112.htm
 EX-31.1

rigp_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES     OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kathleen S. McAllister, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10 Q of Transocean Partners LLC;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) for the registrant and have:     

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):     

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Dated:  

November 3, 2016  

/s/ Kathleen S. McAllister  

Kathleen S. McAllister  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rigp-20160930ex321a50363.htm
 EX-32.1

rigp_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF  THE SARBANES     OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b)  OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Kathleen S. McAllister,  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Transocean Partners LLC, a Marshall Islands limited liability company (the  Company ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: 

(1)  the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016  (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  

November 3, 2016  

/s/ Kathleen S. McAllister  

Kathleen S. McAllister  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b)  of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rigp-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rigp-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rigp-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rigp-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rigp-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rigp-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

