<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_356171_0001193125-16-764498_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19736738</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>260300</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>947432</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3918710</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9052398</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4471767</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>101</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764498.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109170612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764498
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRICO BANCSHARES /
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000356171
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				942792841
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10661
		FILM NUMBER:		161985081

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRICO BANCSHARES
		STREET 2:		63 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95973
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5308980300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRICO BANCSHARES
		STREET 2:		63 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95973

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764498.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d259313d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

for the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016       
 
  for the transition period from
                       to
                      .   
  Commission File Number: 000-10661        
       TriCo
Bancshares      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

CALIFORNIA  
   
  94-2792841   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    
    63 Constitution Drive   
  Chico, California 95973   
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)(Zip Code)   
  (530) 898-0300   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.       Yes        No    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes        No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of  accelerated filer ,  large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).       Yes        No    Indicate the number of shares outstanding for each of
the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date:    Common stock, no par value: 22,827,277 shares outstanding as
of November 4, 2016          

Table of Contents  

    TriCo Bancshares  
 FORM 10-Q    TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page 

Forward-Looking Statements   

1 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

2 

Item 1   Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

2 

Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations   

47 

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk   

72 

Item 4   Controls and Procedures   

72 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

73 

Item 1   Legal Proceedings   

73 

Item 1A   Risk Factors   

73 

Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   

73 

Item 6   Exhibits   

74 

Signatures   

76 

Exhibits   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about TriCo Bancshares (the  Company  or  we ) that are subject to the
protection of the safe harbor provisions contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on the current knowledge and belief of the Company s management ( Management )
and include information concerning the Company s possible or assumed future financial condition and results of operations. When you see any of the words  believes ,  expects ,  anticipates ,
 estimates , or similar expressions, it may mean the Company is making forward-looking statements. A number of factors, some of which are beyond the Company s ability to predict or control, could cause future results to differ
materially from those contemplated. The reader is directed to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Part II, Item 1A of this report for further discussion of factors which could affect the
Company s business and cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by any forward-looking statement made in this report. Such Form 10-K and this report should be read in their entirety to put any forward-looking
statements in context and to gain a more complete understanding of the risks and uncertainties involved in the Company s business. Any forward-looking statement may turn out to be wrong and cannot be guaranteed. The Company does not
intend to update any forward-looking statement after the date of this report.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)   
  TRICO BANCSHARES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
 (In thousands, except share data; unaudited)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   TRICO BANCSHARES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
 (In thousands, except per share data; unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   TRICO BANCSHARES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
 (In thousands; unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  TRICO BANCSHARES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
 (In thousands, except share and per share data; unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   TRICO BANCSHARES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 (In thousands; unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
  Description of Business and Basis of Presentation     TriCo
Bancshares (the  Company  or  we ) is a California corporation organized to act as a bank holding company for Tri Counties Bank (the  Bank ). The Company and the Bank are headquartered in Chico, California. The Bank is
a California-chartered bank that is engaged in the general commercial banking business in 26 California counties. Tri Counties Bank currently operates from 58 traditional branches and 10 in-store branches. The Company has five capital subsidiary
business trusts (collectively, the  Capital Trusts ) that issued trust preferred securities, including two organized by TriCo and three acquired with the acquisition of North Valley Bancorp. See Note 17   Junior Subordinated Debt. 
 The unaudited condensed financial statements of the Company have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations,
although the Company believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading. In the opinion of the Company s management ( Management ), all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring
adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation of results for the interim periods presented have been included. For financial reporting purposes, the Company s investments in the Capital Trusts of $1,700,000 are accounted for under
the equity method and, accordingly, are not consolidated and are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The subordinated debentures issued and guaranteed by the Company and held by the Capital Trusts are reflected as debt on the
Company s consolidated balance sheet. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2016.     Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires Management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
  Significant Group Concentration of Credit Risk     The
Company grants agribusiness, commercial, consumer, and residential loans to customers located throughout the northern San Joaquin Valley, the Sacramento Valley and northern mountain regions of California. The Company has a diversified loan portfolio
within the business segments located in this geographical area. The Company currently classifies all its operation into one business segment that it denotes as community banking.  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents     For purposes of the
consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, amounts due from banks, and federal funds sold. Net cash flows are reported for loan and deposit transactions and other borrowings.  
  Investment Securities     The Company classifies its debt
and marketable equity securities into one of three categories: trading, available for sale or held to maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling in the near term. Held to maturity securities are those
securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. These securities are carried at cost adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, computed by the effective interest method over their contractual
lives. All other securities not included in trading or held to maturity are classified as available for sale. Available for sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, on available for sale
securities are reported as a separate component of other accumulated comprehensive income in shareholders  equity until realized. Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related investment security as an adjustment
to yield using the effective interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned. Realized gains and losses are derived from the amortized cost of the security sold. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and throughout
2015, the Company did not have any securities classified as trading.    The Company assesses other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) based on
whether it intends to sell a security or if it is likely that the Company would be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis of the investment, which may be maturity. For debt securities, if we intend to sell the
security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovering its cost basis, the entire impairment loss would be recognized in earnings as an OTTI. If we do not intend to sell the security and it is not
likely that we will be required to sell the security but we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security, only the portion of the impairment loss representing credit losses would be recognized in earnings. The credit loss
on a security is measured as the difference between the amortized cost basis and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected. Projected cash flows are discounted by the original or current effective interest rate depending on the
nature of the security being measured for potential OTTI. The remaining impairment related to all other factors, the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and fair value, is recognized as a charge to other
comprehensive income ( OCI ). Impairment losses related to all other factors are presented as separate categories within OCI. The accretion of the amount recorded in OCI increases the carrying value of the investment and does not affect
earnings. If there is an indication of additional credit losses the security is re-evaluated according to the procedures described above. No OTTI losses were recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and throughout 2015.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Restricted Equity Securities   
 Restricted equity securities represent the Company s investment in the stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco ( FHLB ) and are
carried at par value, which reasonably approximates its fair value. While technically these are considered equity securities, there is no market for the FHLB stock. Therefore, the shares are considered as restricted investment securities. Management
periodically evaluates FHLB stock for other-than-temporary impairment. Management s determination of whether these investments are impaired is based on its assessment of the ultimate recoverability of cost rather than by recognizing temporary
declines in value. The determination of whether a decline affects the ultimate recoverability of cost is influenced by criteria such as (1) the significance of any decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount for
the FHLB and the length of time this situation has persisted, (2) commitments by the FHLB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance of the FHLB, (3) the impact of
legislative and regulatory changes on institutions and, accordingly, the customer base of the FHLB, and (4) the liquidity position of the FHLB.   As a
member of the FHLB system, the Bank is required to maintain a minimum level of investment in FHLB stock based on specific percentages of its outstanding mortgages, total assets, or FHLB advances. The Bank may request redemption at par value of
any stock in excess of the minimum required investment. Stock redemptions are at the discretion of the FHLB.     Loans Held for Sale   
 Loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value, as determined by aggregate outstanding
commitments from investors of current investor yield requirements. Net unrealized losses are recognized through a valuation allowance by charges to noninterest income. 
 Mortgage loans held for sale are generally sold with the mortgage servicing rights retained by the Company. Gains or losses on the sale of loans that are held
for sale are recognized at the time of the sale and determined by the difference between net sale proceeds and the net book value of the loans less the estimated fair value of any retained mortgage servicing rights.  
  Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses     Loans originated by
the Company, i.e., not purchased or acquired in a business combination, are referred to as originated loans. Originated loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported
at the principal amount outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs. Loan origination and commitment fees and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred, and the net amount is amortized as an adjustment of the related loan s
yield over the actual life of the loan. Originated loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued are designated as nonaccrual loans. 
 Originated loans are placed in nonaccrual status when reasonable doubt exists as to the full, timely collection of interest or principal, or a loan becomes
contractually past due by 90 days or more with respect to interest or principal and is not well secured and in the process of collection. When an originated loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected
is reversed. Income on such loans is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received and where the future collection of principal is probable. Interest accruals are resumed on such loans only when they are brought fully current with
respect to interest and principal and when, in the judgment of Management, the loan is estimated to be fully collectible as to both principal and interest. 
 An allowance for loan losses for originated loans is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. The allowance is maintained at a
level which, in Management s judgment, is adequate to absorb probable incurred credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Originated loans and deposit related overdrafts are charged against the allowance for
loan losses when Management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely or, with respect to consumer installment loans, according to an established delinquency schedule. The allowance is an amount that Management believes will
be adequate to absorb probable incurred losses inherent in existing loans, based on evaluations of the collectability, impairment and prior loss experience of loans. The evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the
nature and size of the portfolio, overall portfolio quality, loan concentrations, specific problem loans, and current economic conditions that may affect the borrower s ability to pay. The Company defines an originated loan as impaired when it
is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired originated loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
loan s original effective interest rate. As a practical expedient, impairment may be measured based on the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. When the measure
of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the impairment is recorded through a valuation allowance.   In situations related to
originated loans where, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Company grants a concession for other than an insignificant period of time to the borrower that the Company would not otherwise consider,
the related loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). The Company strives to identify borrowers in financial difficulty early and work with them to modify to more affordable terms before their loan reaches nonaccrual status. These
modified terms may include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, payment forbearance and other actions intended to minimize the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. In cases where the Company grants the
borrower new terms that result in the loan being classified as a TDR, the Company measures any impairment on the restructuring as noted above for impaired loans. TDR loans are classified as impaired until they are fully paid off or charged
off. Loans that are in nonaccrual status at the time they become TDR loans, remain in nonaccrual status until the borrower demonstrates a sustained period of performance which the Company generally believes to be six consecutive months of
payments, or equivalent. Otherwise, TDR loans are subject to the same nonaccrual and charge-off policies as noted above with respect to their restructured principal balance.  
 Credit risk is inherent in the business of lending. As a result, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to absorb probable incurred losses
inherent in the Company s originated loan portfolio. This is maintained through periodic charges to earnings. These charges are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income as provision for loan losses. All specifically identifiable
and quantifiable losses are  
      7  

Table of Contents  

immediately charged off against the allowance. However, for a variety of reasons, not all losses are immediately known to the Company and, of those that are known, the full extent of the
loss may not be quantifiable at that point in time. The balance of the Company s allowance for originated loan losses is meant to be an estimate of these probable incurred losses inherent in the portfolio. 
 The Company formally assesses the adequacy of the allowance for originated loan losses on a quarterly basis. Determination of the adequacy is based on
ongoing assessments of the probable risk in the outstanding originated loan portfolio, and to a lesser extent the Company s originated loan commitments. These assessments include the periodic re-grading of credits based on changes in their
individual credit characteristics including delinquency, seasoning, recent financial performance of the borrower, economic factors, changes in the interest rate environment, growth of the portfolio as a whole or by segment, and other factors as
warranted. Loans are initially graded when originated. They are re-graded as they are renewed, when there is a new loan to the same borrower, when identified facts demonstrate heightened risk of nonpayment, or if they become
delinquent. Re-grading of larger problem loans occurs at least quarterly. Confirmation of the quality of the grading process is obtained by independent credit reviews conducted by consultants specifically hired for this purpose and by
various bank regulatory agencies.    The Company s method for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance for originated loan losses includes
specific allowances for impaired originated loans, formula allowance factors for pools of credits, and allowances for changing environmental factors (e.g., interest rates, growth, economic conditions, etc.). Allowance factors for loan pools
were based on historical loss experience by product type and prior risk rating.   During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company modified its
methodology used to determine the allowance for home equity lines of credit that are about to exit their revolving period, or have recently entered into their amortization period and are now classified as home equity loans. This change in
methodology increased the required allowance for such lines and loans by $859,000, and $459,000, respectively, and represents the increase in estimated incurred losses in these lines and loans as of September 30, 2015 due to higher required
contractual principal and interest payments of such lines and loans.    Loans purchased or acquired in a business combination are referred to as acquired
loans. Acquired loans are valued as of the acquisition date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( FASB ASC ) Topic 805,  Business Combinations . Loans acquired with evidence
of credit deterioration since origination for which it is probable that all contractually required payments will not be collected are referred to as purchased credit impaired (PCI) loans. PCI loans are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 310-30,
 Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality . Under FASB ASC Topic 805 and FASB ASC Topic 310-30, PCI loans are recorded at fair value at acquisition date, factoring in credit losses expected to be incurred over the
life of the loan. Accordingly, an allowance for loan losses is not carried over or recorded as of the acquisition date. Fair value is defined as the present value of the future estimated principal and interest payments of the loan, with the
discount rate used in the present value calculation representing the estimated effective yield of the loan. Default rates, loss severity, and prepayment speed assumptions are periodically reassessed and our estimate of future payments is
adjusted accordingly. The difference between contractual future payments and estimated future payments is referred to as the nonaccretable difference. The difference between estimated future payments and the present value of the estimated
future payments is referred to as the accretable yield. The accretable yield represents the amount that is expected to be recorded as interest income over the remaining life of the loan. If after acquisition, the Company determines that
the estimated future cash flows of a PCI loan are expected to be more than originally estimated, an increase in the discount rate (effective yield) would be made such that the newly increased accretable yield would be recognized, on a level yield
basis, over the remaining estimated life of the loan. If, thereafter, the Company determines that the estimated future cash flows of a PCI loan are expected to be less than previously estimated, an allowance for loan loss would be established
through a provision for loan losses charged to expense to decrease the present value to the required level. If the estimated cash flows improve after an allowance has been established for a loan, the allowance may be partially or fully reversed
depending on the improvement in the estimated cash flows. Only after the allowance has been fully reversed may the discount rate be increased. PCI loans are put on nonaccrual status when cash flows cannot be reasonably estimated. PCI
loans on nonaccrual status are accounted for using the cost recovery method or cash basis method of income recognition. The Company refers to PCI loans on nonaccrual status that are accounted for using the cash basis method of income
recognition as  PCI   cash basis  loans; and the Company refers to all other PCI loans as  PCI   other  loans PCI loans are charged off when evidence suggests cash flows are not recoverable. Foreclosed assets
from PCI loans are recorded in foreclosed assets at fair value with the fair value at time of foreclosure representing cash flow from the loan. ASC 310-30 allows PCI loans with similar risk characteristics and acquisition time frame to be
 pooled  and have their cash flows aggregated as if they were one loan. The Company elected to use the  pooled  method of ASC 310-30 for PCI   other loans in the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of Granite
Community Bank, N.A. ( Granite ) during 2010 and Citizens Bank of Northern California ( Citizens ) during 2011.     
 Acquired loans that are not PCI loans are referred to as purchased not credit impaired (PNCI) loans. PNCI loans are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic
310-20,  Receivables   Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs,  in which interest income is accrued on a level-yield basis for performing loans. For income recognition purposes, this method assumes that all contractual cash flows will be
collected, and no allowance for loan losses is established at the time of acquisition. Post-acquisition date, an allowance for loan losses may need to be established for acquired loans through a provision charged to earnings for credit losses
incurred subsequent to acquisition. Under ASC 310-20, the loss would be measured based on the probable shortfall in relation to the contractual note requirements, consistent with our allowance for loan loss policy for similar loans.  
 Throughout these financial statements, and in particular in Note 4 and Note 5, when we refer to  Loans  or  Allowance for loan losses  we
mean all categories of loans, including Originated, PNCI, PCI   cash basis, and PCI - other. When we are not referring to all categories of loans, we will indicate which we are referring to   Originated, PNCI, PCI   cash basis,
or PCI - other.    When referring to PNCI and PCI loans we use the terms  nonaccretable difference ,  accretable yield , or
 purchase discount . Nonaccretable difference is the difference between undiscounted contractual cash flows due and undiscounted cash flows we expect to collect, or put another way, it is the undiscounted contractual cash flows we do not
expect to collect. Accretable yield is the difference  
      8  

Table of Contents  

between undiscounted cash flows we expect to collect and the value at which we have recorded the loan on our financial statements. On the date of acquisition, all purchased loans are recorded on
our consolidated financial statements at estimated fair value. Purchase discount is the difference between the estimated fair value of loans on the date of acquisition and the principal amount owed by the borrower, net of charge offs, on the date of
acquisition. We may also refer to  discounts to principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs . Discounts to principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs is the difference between principal balance of loans owed, net of
charge-offs, and loans as recorded on our financial statements. Discounts to principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs arise from purchase discounts, and equal the purchase discount on the acquisition date.  
 Loans are also categorized as  covered  or  noncovered . Covered loans refer to loans covered by a Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ( FDIC ) loss sharing agreement. Noncovered loans refer to loans not covered by a FDIC loss sharing agreement.    Foreclosed
Assets     Foreclosed assets include assets acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure. Foreclosed assets are held for sale and are initially
recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan occurs when legal title is obtained
upon completion of foreclosure or when the borrower conveys all interest in the property to satisfy the loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. Any write-downs based on the asset s fair
value less costs to sell at the date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan and lease losses. Any recoveries based on the asset s fair value less estimated costs to sell in excess of the recorded value of the loan at the date of
acquisition are recorded to the allowance for loan and lease losses. These assets are subsequently accounted for at lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell. If fair value declines subsequent to foreclosure, a valuation
allowance is recorded through expense. Operating costs after acquisition are expensed. Revenue and expenses from operations and changes in the valuation allowance are included in other noninterest expense. Gain or loss on sale of
foreclosed assets is included in noninterest income. Foreclosed assets that are not subject to a FDIC loss-share agreement are referred to as noncovered foreclosed assets. 
 Foreclosed assets acquired through FDIC-assisted acquisitions that are subject to a FDIC loss-share agreement, and all assets acquired via foreclosure of
covered loans are referred to as covered foreclosed assets. Covered foreclosed assets are reported exclusive of expected reimbursement cash flows from the FDIC. Foreclosed covered loan collateral is transferred into covered foreclosed assets at the
loan s carrying value, inclusive of the acquisition date fair value discount.    Covered foreclosed assets are initially recorded at estimated fair
value less estimated costs to sell on the acquisition date based on similar market comparable valuations less estimated selling costs. Any subsequent valuation adjustments due to declines in fair value will be charged to noninterest expense, and
will be mostly offset by noninterest income representing the corresponding increase to the FDIC indemnification asset for the offsetting loss reimbursement amount. Any recoveries of previous valuation adjustments will be credited to noninterest
expense with a corresponding charge to noninterest income for the portion of the recovery that is due to the FDIC.    Premises and Equipment   
 Land is carried at cost. Land improvements, buildings and equipment, including those acquired under capital lease, are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses are computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets or lease terms. Asset lives range from 3-10 years for furniture and
equipment and 15-40 years for land improvements and buildings.     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   
 Goodwill represents the excess of costs over fair value of net assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in a purchase
business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to
their estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment.   The Company has an identifiable intangible asset consisting of core deposit intangibles
(CDI). CDI are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives, and reviewed for impairment.    Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill
    Long-lived assets, such as premises and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets
to be disposed of would be separately presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposed group classified as held
for sale would be presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability sections of the consolidated balance sheet.   As of December 31 of each
year, goodwill is tested for impairment, and is tested for impairment more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the
asset s fair value. This determination is made at the reporting unit level. The Company may choose to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is
less than its carrying amount, then goodwill is deemed not to be impaired. However, if the Company concludes otherwise, or if the Company elected not to first assess qualitative factors, then the Company performs the first step of a two-step
impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Second, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over the
implied fair value of that goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied
fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. Currently, and historically, the Company is comprised of only one reporting unit that operates within the business segment it has identified as  community banking . Goodwill was not
impaired as of December 31, 2015 because the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.     Mortgage Servicing Rights   
 Mortgage servicing rights (MSR) represent the Company s right to a future stream of cash flows based upon the contractual servicing fee associated with
servicing mortgage loans. Our MSR arise from residential and commercial mortgage loans that we originate and sell, but retain the right to service the loans. The net gain from the retention of the servicing right is included in gain on sale of loans
in noninterest income when the loan is sold. Fair value is based on market prices for comparable mortgage servicing contracts, when available, or alternatively, is based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future
net servicing income. The valuation model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as the cost to service, the discount rate, the custodial earnings rate, an inflation rate,
ancillary income, prepayment speeds and default rates and losses. Servicing fees are recorded in noninterest income when earned.    The Company accounts for
MSR at fair value. The determination of fair value of our MSR requires management judgment because they are not actively traded. The determination of fair value for MSR requires valuation processes which combine the use of discounted cash flow
models and extensive analysis of current market data to arrive at an estimate of fair value. The cash flow and prepayment assumptions used in our discounted cash flow model are based on empirical data drawn from the historical performance of our
MSR, which we believe are consistent with assumptions used by market participants valuing similar MSR, and from data obtained on the performance of similar MSR. The key assumptions used in the valuation of MSR include mortgage prepayment speeds and
the discount rate. These variables can, and generally will, change from quarter to quarter as market conditions and projected interest rates change. The key risks inherent with MSR are prepayment speed and changes in interest rates. The Company
uses an independent third party to determine fair value of MSR.     Indemnification Asset/Liability   
 The Company accounts for amounts receivable or payable under its loss-share agreements entered into with the FDIC in connection with its purchase and
assumption of certain assets and liabilities of Granite as indemnification assets in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations . FDIC indemnification assets are initially recorded at fair value, based on the discounted
value of expected future cash flows under the loss-share agreements. The difference between the fair value and the undiscounted cash flows the Company expects to collect from or pay to the FDIC will be accreted into noninterest income over the life
of the FDIC indemnification asset. FDIC indemnification assets are reviewed quarterly and adjusted for any changes in expected cash flows based on recent performance and expectations for future performance of the covered portfolios. These
adjustments are measured on the same basis as the related covered loans and covered other real estate owned. Any increases in cash flow of the covered assets over those expected will reduce the FDIC indemnification asset and any decreases in cash
flow of the covered assets under those expected will increase the FDIC indemnification asset. Increases and decreases to the FDIC indemnification asset are recorded as adjustments to noninterest income.  
  Reserve for Unfunded Commitments     The reserve for
unfunded commitments is established through a provision for losses   unfunded commitments charged to noninterest expense. The reserve for unfunded commitments is an amount that Management believes will be adequate to absorb probable losses
inherent in existing commitments, including unused portions of revolving lines of credits and other loans, standby letters of credits, and unused deposit account overdraft privilege. The reserve for unfunded commitments is based on evaluations
of the collectability, and prior loss experience of unfunded commitments. The evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and size of the loan portfolio, overall loan portfolio quality, loan concentrations,
specific problem loans and related unfunded commitments, and current economic conditions that may affect the borrower s or depositor s ability to pay.     
  Low Income Housing Tax Credits     The Company accounts for
low income housing tax credits and the related qualified affordable housing projects using the proportional amortization method. Under the proportional amortization method, the Company amortizes the initial cost of the investment in proportion to
the tax credits and other tax benefits received and recognizes the net investment performance in the income statement as a component of income tax expense (benefit). Upon entering into a qualified affordable housing project, the Company
records, in other liabilities, the entire amount that it has agreed to invest in the project, and an equal amount, in other assets, representing its investment in the project. As the Company disburses cash to satisfy its investment obligation, other
liabilities are reduced. Over time, as the tax credits and other tax benefits of the project are realized by the Company, the investment recorded in other assets is reduced using the proportional amortization method.  
  Income Taxes     The Company s accounting for income
taxes is based on an asset and liability approach. The Company recognizes the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences that have been recognized in its
financial statements or tax returns. The measurement of tax assets and liabilities is based on the provisions of enacted tax laws. A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the expected amount most likely to be realized.
Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of a sufficient level of future taxable income and recoverable taxes paid in prior years. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that
all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Interest and/or penalties related to income taxes are reported as a component of noninterest income.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Credit Related Financial Instruments   
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into commitments to extend credit, including commitments under credit card arrangements, commercial
letters of credit, and standby letters of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

   Geographical Descriptions   
 For the purpose of describing the geographical location of the Company s loans, the Company has defined northern California as that area of California
north of, and including, Stockton; central California as that area of the state south of Stockton, to and including, Bakersfield; and southern California as that area of the state south of Bakersfield.  
  Reclassifications     Certain amounts reported in previous
consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the presentation in this report. These reclassifications did not affect previously reported net income or total shareholders  equity.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements     FASB issued Accounting
Standard Update (ASU) No. 2016-2 ,   Leases (Topic 842) . ASU 2016-2, among other things, requires lessees to recognize most leases on-balance sheet, increasing reported assets and liabilities. Lessor accounting remains substantially
similar to current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2016-2 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2019, utilizing the modified retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-2 on the
Company s consolidated financial statements.    FASB issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2016-9 , Compensation   Stock Compensation
(Topic 718).  ASU 2016-9, among other things, requires: (i) that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the
income statement, (ii) the tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur, (iii) an entity also should recognize excess tax benefits regardless of whether the benefit reduces
taxes payable in the current period, (iv) excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity, (v) an entity can make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number
of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur, (vi) the threshold to qualify for equity classification permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable jurisdictions, and
(vii) cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity. ASU 2016-9 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2017 and is not expected to have a
significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.    FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses
(Topic 326):      ASU 2016-13 is the final guidance on the new current expected credit loss ( CECL ) model. ASU 2016-13, among other things, requires the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP be replaced
with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to estimate future credit loss estimates. As CECL encompasses all financial assets carried at amortized
cost, the requirement that reserves be established based on an organization s reasonable and supportable estimate of expected credit losses extends to held to maturity ( HTM ) debt securities. ASU 2016-13 amends the accounting
for credit losses on available-for-sale securities ( AFS ), whereby credit losses will be presented as an allowance as opposed to a write-down. In addition, CECL will modify the accounting for purchased loans with credit deterioration
since origination, so that reserves are established at the date of acquisition for purchased loans. Lastly, ASU 2016-13 requires enhanced disclosures on the significant estimates and judgments used to estimate credit losses, as well as on the credit
quality and underwriting standards of an organization s portfolio. These disclosures require organizations to present the currently required credit quality disclosures disaggregated by the year of origination or vintage. ASU 2016-13 allows for
a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative effect adjustment to the balance sheet upon adoption (charge to retained earnings instead of the income statement). ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2020, and early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (Topic
230):      ASU 2016-15 provides guidance related to certain cash flow issues in order to reduce the current and potential future diversity in practice. ASU 2016-15 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018 and
is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   Note 2 - Business Combinations   
 On March 18, 2016, the Bank completed its acquisition of three branch banking offices from Bank of America originally announced October 28, 2015. The
acquired branches are located in Arcata, Eureka and Fortuna in Humboldt County on the North Coast of California, and have significant overlap compared to the Company s then-existing Northern California customer base and branch locations. As a
result, these branch acquisitions create potential cost savings and future growth potential. With the levels of capital at the time, the acquisitions fit well into the Company s growth strategy. Also on March 18, 2016, the electronic
customer service and other data processing systems of the acquired branches were converted into the Bank s systems, and the effect of revenue and expenses from the operations of the acquired branches are included in the results of the
Company. The Bank paid a premium of $3,204,000 for deposit relationships with balances of $161,231,000 and loans with balances of $289,000, and received cash of $159,520,000 from Bank of America. 
 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of these branches were accounted for in accordance with ASC 805  Business
Combinations,  using the acquisition method of accounting and were recorded at their estimated fair values on the March 18, 2016 acquisition date, and the results of operations of the acquired branches are included in the Company s
consolidated statements of income since that date. The excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over total identifiable net assets was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the synergies and
economies of scale expected from combining the operations of the Company and the acquired branches. $849,000 of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes because the acquisition was accounted for as a purchase of assets and assumption
of liabilities for tax purposes.   The following table discloses the calculation of the fair value of consideration transferred, the total identifiable net
assets acquired and the resulting goodwill relating to the acquisition of three branch banking offices and certain deposits from Bank of America on March 18, 2016:      
   A summary of the cash paid and estimated fair value adjustments resulting in the goodwill recorded in the acquisition of three
branch banking offices and certain deposits from Bank of America on March 18, 2016 are presented below:      
   As part of the acquisition of three branch banking offices from Bank of America, the Company performed a valuation of premises
and equipment acquired. This valuation resulted in a $309,000 increase in the net book value of the land and buildings acquired, and was based on current appraisals of such land and buildings.  
    The Company recognized a core deposit intangible of $2,046,000 related to the
acquisition of the core deposits. The recorded core deposit intangibles represented approximately 1.50% of the core deposits acquired and will be amortized over their estimated useful lives of 7 years. 
 A valuation of the time deposits acquired was also performed as of the acquisition date. Time deposits were split into similar pools based on size, type of
time deposits, and maturity. A discounted cash flow analysis was performed on the pools based on current market rates currently paid on similar time deposits. The valuation resulted in no material fair value discount or premium, and none was
recorded.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   Note 3 - Investment Securities   
 The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investments in debt and equity securities are summarized in the following tables:  

No investment securities were sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Investment securities with an aggregate carrying value of $262,695,000 and $297,547,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged as collateral for specific borrowings, lines of credit and local agency
deposits.    The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities
may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. At September 30, 2016, obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies with a cost
basis totaling $1,003,671,000 consist almost entirely of mortgage-backed securities whose contractual maturity, or principal repayment, will follow the repayment of the underlying mortgages. For purposes of the following table, the entire
outstanding balance of these mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government corporations and agencies is categorized based on final maturity date. At September 30, 2016, the Company estimates the average remaining life of these
mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government corporations and agencies to be approximately 4.4 years. Average remaining life is defined as the time span after which the principal balance has been reduced by half. 

13  

Table of Contents  

  Gross unrealized losses on investment securities and the fair value of the related securities, aggregated by
investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, were as follows:      

Less than 12 months 

12 months or more 

Total 

September 30, 2016 
    
 Fair   Value   

Unrealized   Loss 

Fair   Value   

Unrealized   Loss 

Fair   Value   

Unrealized   Loss 

(in thousands)   

Securities Available for Sale:  

Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies  

Obligations of states and political subdivisions  
    
 $ 
 9,521 

$ 
 (82 
 )  

$ 
 9,521 

$ 
      (82 
 )   
 
   Marketable equity securities  

Total securities available-for-sale  
    
 $ 
     9,521 

$ 
    (82 
 )  

$ 
     9,521 

$ 
 (82 
 )   

Securities Held to Maturity:  

Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies  

Obligations of states and political subdivisions  

Total securities held-to-maturity  

Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies: Unrealized losses on investments in obligations of U.S.
government corporations and agencies are caused by interest rate increases. The contractual cash flows of these securities are guaranteed by U.S. Government Sponsored Entities (principally Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac). It is expected that the
securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. Because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and
more likely than not will not be required to sell, these investments are not considered other-than-temporarily impaired. At September 30, 2016, no debt securities representing obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies had unrealized
losses.    Obligations of states and political subdivisions: The unrealized losses on investments in obligations of states and political subdivisions were
caused by increases in required yields by investors in these types of securities. It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. Because the decline in fair value is attributable to
changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and more likely than not will not be required to sell, these investments are not considered other-than-temporarily impaired. At September 30,
2016, 11 debt securities representing obligations of states and political subdivisions had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of (0.85%) from the Company s amortized cost basis.  
 Marketable equity securities: At September 30, 2016, no marketable equity securities had unrealized losses.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   Note 4   Loans   
 A summary of loan balances follows (in thousands):      
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

Note 4   Loans (continued)   
   
  A summary of loan balances follows (in thousands):  
   
   The following is a summary of the change in accretable yield for PCI   other loans during the periods indicated (in
thousands):      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

   Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The following tables summarize the activity in the allowance for loan losses, and ending balance of loans, net of unearned fees for the periods indicated. 

17  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   

18  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   
   
  As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management
tracks certain credit quality indicators including, but not limited to, trends relating to (i) the level of criticized and classified loans, (ii) net charge-offs, (iii) non-performing loans, and (iv) delinquency within the portfolio.  
 The Company utilizes a risk grading system to assign a risk grade to each of its loans. Loans are graded on a scale ranging from Pass to Loss. A
description of the general characteristics of the risk grades is as follows:      

Pass    This grade represents loans ranging from acceptable to very little or no credit risk. These loans typically meet most if not all policy standards in regard to: loan amount as a percentage of
collateral value, debt service coverage, profitability, leverage, and working capital.        

Special Mention    This grade represents  Other Assets Especially Mentioned  in accordance with regulatory guidelines and includes loans that display some potential weaknesses which, if left
unaddressed, may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or may inadequately protect the Company s position in the future. These loans warrant more than normal supervision and attention.    

Substandard    This grade represents  Substandard  loans in accordance with regulatory guidelines. Loans within this rating typically exhibit weaknesses that are well defined to the point that
repayment is jeopardized. Loss potential is, however, not necessarily evident. The underlying collateral supporting the credit appears to have sufficient value to protect the Company from loss of principal and accrued interest, or the loan
has been written down to the point where this is true. There is a definite need for a well defined workout/rehabilitation program.        

Doubtful    This grade represents  Doubtful  loans in accordance with regulatory guidelines. An asset classified as Doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in a loan classified Substandard
with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Pending factors include proposed merger, acquisition,
or liquidation procedures, capital injection, perfecting liens on additional collateral, and financing plans.        

Loss    This grade represents  Loss  loans in accordance with regulatory guidelines. A loan classified as Loss is considered uncollectible and of such little value that its continuance as a
bankable asset is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off the loan, even though some recovery may be
affected in the future. The portion of the loan that is graded loss should be charged off no later than the end of the quarter in which the loss is identified.    
 The following tables present ending loan balances by loan category and risk grade for the periods indicated:  

19  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   
   
  Consumer loans, whether unsecured or secured by real estate, automobiles, or other personal property, are
susceptible to three primary risks; non-payment due to income loss, over-extension of credit and, when the borrower is unable to pay, shortfall in collateral value. Typically non-payment is due to loss of job and will follow general economic
trends in the marketplace driven primarily by rises in the unemployment rate. Loss of collateral value can be due to market demand shifts, damage to collateral itself or a combination of the two. 
 Problem consumer loans are generally identified by payment history of the borrower (delinquency). The Bank manages its consumer loan portfolios by
monitoring delinquency and contacting borrowers to encourage repayment, suggest modifications if appropriate, and, when continued scheduled payments become unrealistic, initiate repossession or foreclosure through appropriate
channels. Collateral values may be determined by appraisals obtained through Bank approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, public value information (blue book values for autos), sales invoices, or other appropriate
means. Appropriate valuations are obtained at initiation of the credit and periodically (every 3-12 months depending on collateral type) once repayment is questionable and the loan has been classified. 
 Commercial real estate loans generally fall into two categories, owner-occupied and non-owner occupied. Loans secured by owner occupied real estate are
primarily susceptible to changes in the business conditions of the related business. This may be driven by, among other things, industry changes, geographic business changes, changes in the individual fortunes of the business owner, and general
economic conditions and changes in business cycles. These same risks apply to commercial loans whether secured by equipment or other personal property or unsecured. Losses on loans secured by owner occupied real estate, equipment, or other
personal property generally are dictated by the value of underlying collateral at the time of default and liquidation of the collateral. When default is driven by issues related specifically to the business owner, collateral values tend to provide
better repayment support and may result in little or no loss. Alternatively, when default is driven by more general economic conditions, underlying collateral generally has devalued more and results in larger losses due to default. Loans
secured by non-owner occupied real estate are primarily susceptible to risks associated with swings in occupancy or vacancy and related shifts in lease rates, rental rates or room rates. Most often these shifts are a result of changes in
general economic or market conditions or overbuilding and resultant over-supply. Losses are dependent on value of underlying collateral at the time of default. Values are generally driven by these same factors and influenced by interest
rates and required rates of return as well as changes in occupancy costs.    Construction loans, whether owner occupied or non-owner occupied commercial
real estate loans or residential development loans, are not only susceptible to the related risks described above but the added risks of construction itself including cost over-runs, mismanagement of the project, or lack of demand or market changes
experienced at time of completion. Again, losses are primarily related to underlying collateral value and changes therein as described above.  
 Problem C I loans are generally identified by periodic review of financial information which may include financial statements, tax returns, rent rolls and
payment history of the borrower (delinquency). Based on this information the Bank may decide to take any of several courses of action including demand for repayment, additional collateral or guarantors, and, when repayment becomes unlikely through
borrower s income and cash flow, repossession or foreclosure of the underlying collateral.    Collateral values may be determined by appraisals
obtained through Bank approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, public value information (blue book values for autos), sales invoices, or other appropriate means. Appropriate valuations are obtained at initiation of
the credit and periodically (every 3-12 months depending on collateral type) once repayment is questionable and the loan has been classified.   Once a loan
becomes delinquent and repayment becomes questionable, a Bank collection officer will address collateral shortfalls with the borrower and attempt to obtain additional collateral. If this is not forthcoming and payment in full is unlikely, the
Bank will estimate its probable loss, using a recent valuation as appropriate to the underlying collateral less estimated costs of sale, and charge the loan down to the estimated net realizable amount. Depending on the length of time until
ultimate collection, the Bank may revalue the underlying collateral and take additional charge-offs as warranted. Revaluations may occur as often as every 3-12 months depending on the underlying collateral and volatility of values. Final
charge-offs or recoveries are taken when collateral is liquidated and actual loss is known. Unpaid balances on loans after or during collection and liquidation may also be pursued through lawsuit and attachment of wages or judgment liens on
borrower s other assets.      The following table shows the ending balance of
current, past due, and nonaccrual originated loans by loan category as of the date indicated:      
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   
   
  The following table shows the ending balance of current, past due, and nonaccrual PNCI loans by loan category
as of the date indicated:      
   The following table shows the ending balance of current, past due, and nonaccrual originated loans by loan category as of the
date indicated:      
   The following table shows the ending balance of current, past due, and nonaccrual PNCI loans by loan category as of the date
indicated:      
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   
   
  Impaired originated loans are those where management has concluded that it is probable that the borrower will
be unable to pay all amounts due under the contractual terms. The following tables show the recorded investment (financial statement balance), unpaid principal balance, average recorded investment, and interest income recognized for impaired
Originated and PNCI loans, segregated by those with no related allowance recorded and those with an allowance recorded for the periods indicated.      
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   

23  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   

At September 30, 2016, $14,882,000 of originated loans were TDR and classified as impaired. The Company had obligations
to lend $65,000 of additional funds on these TDR as of September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, $1,476,000 of PNCI loans were TDR and classified as impaired. The Company had no obligations to lend additional funds on these TDR as of
September 30, 2016.    At December 31, 2015, $29,269,000 of Originated loans were TDRs and classified as impaired. The Company had obligations to lend
$35,000 of additional funds on these TDRs as of December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2015, $1,396,000 of PNCI loans were TDRs and classified as impaired. The Company had no obligations to lend additional funds on these TDRs as of December
31, 2015.    At September 30, 2015, $42,516,000 of originated loans were TDR and classified as impaired. The Company had obligations to lend $30,000 of
additional funds on these TDR as of September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2015, $1,102,000 of PNCI loans were TDR and classified as impaired. The Company had no obligations to lend additional funds on these TDR as of September 30, 2015.
   Modifications classified as TDRs can include one or a combination of the following: rate modifications, term extensions, interest only
modifications, either temporary or long-term, payment modifications, and collateral substitutions/additions. For all new TDRs, an impairment analysis is conducted. If the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, any additional amount of
impairment will be calculated based on the difference between estimated collectible value and the current carrying balance of the loan. This difference could result in an increased provision and is typically charged off. If the asset is
determined not to be collateral dependent, the impairment is measured on the net present value difference between the expected cash flows of the restructured loan and the cash flows which would have been received under the original terms. The
effect of this could result in a requirement for additional provision to the reserve. The effect of these required provisions for the period are indicated above. Typically if a TDR defaults during the period, the loan is then considered
collateral dependent and, if it was not already considered collateral dependent, an appropriate provision will be reserved or charge will be taken. The additional provisions required resulting from default of previously modified TDR s are
noted above.    The following table shows certain information regarding Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) that occurred during the period indicated:  

24  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   
   
  The following tables show certain information regarding TDRs that occurred during the periods indicated: 

25  

Table of Contents  

   Note 6   Foreclosed Assets   
 A summary of the activity in the balance of foreclosed assets follows ($ in thousands):  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, $1,504,000 of foreclosed residential real estate properties, all of which the Company has obtained
physical possession of, are included in foreclosed assets. At September 30, 2016, the recorded investment of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are underway is
$789,000.     Note 7 - Premises and Equipment     Premises
and equipment were comprised of:      
   Depreciation expense for premises and equipment amounted to $1,316,000 and $1,268,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciation expense for premises and equipment amounted to $4,002,000 and $3,849,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the three months ended September 31, 2016, the
Company determined to sell a former bank branch property with net book value of $1,934,000, wrote the property down by $716,000 to its estimated market value of $1,218,000, and classified the property as held for sale. The property was
subsequently sold during the three months ended September 30, 2016 without gain or further loss.     Note 8   Cash Value of Life Insurance   
 A summary of the activity in the balance of cash value of life insurance follows (in thousands):  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, the Bank was the owner and beneficiary of 187 life insurance policies, issued by 14 life insurance
companies, covering 59 current and former employees and directors. These life insurance policies are recorded on the Company s financial statements at their reported cash (surrender) values. As a result of current tax law and the
nature of these policies, the Bank records any increase in cash value of these policies as nontaxable noninterest income. If the Bank decided to surrender any of the policies prior to the death of the insured, such surrender may result in a tax
expense related to the life-to-date cumulative increase in cash value of the policy. If the Bank retains such policies until the death of the insured, the Bank would receive nontaxable proceeds from the insurance company equal to the death
benefit of the policies. The Bank has entered into Joint Beneficiary Agreements (JBAs) with certain of the insured that for certain of the policies provide some level of sharing of the death benefit, less the cash surrender value, among the
Bank and the beneficiaries of the insured upon the receipt of death benefits. See Note 15 of these condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on JBAs.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Note 9 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   
 The following table summarizes the Company s goodwill intangible as of the dates indicated:  
   
   The following table summarizes the Company s core deposit intangibles as of the dates indicated:  
   
   The Company recorded additions to its CDI of $2,046,000 in conjunction with the acquisition of three branch offices from Bank
of America on March 18, 2016, $6,614,000 in conjunction with the North Valley Bancorp acquisition on October 3, 2014, $898,000 in conjunction with the Citizens acquisition on September 23, 2011, and $562,000 in conjunction with the Granite
acquisition on May 28, 2010. The following table summarizes the Company s estimated core deposit intangible amortization (dollars in thousands):      
    Note 10 - Mortgage Servicing Rights   
 The following tables summarize the activity in, and the main assumptions we used to determine the fair value of mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs )
for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands):      
   The changes in fair value of MSRs that occurred during the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were mainly
due to changes in principal balances and changes in estimate life of the MSRs.    
  Note 11 - Indemnification Asset/Liability     A summary of
the activity in the balance of indemnification asset (liability) follows (in thousands):      
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

Note 11 - Indemnification Asset/Liability (continued)   
   
  During May 2015, the indemnification portion of the Company s agreement with the FDIC related to the
Company s acquisition of certain nonresidential real estate loans of Granite in May 2010 expired. The indemnification portion of the Company s agreement with the FDIC related to the Company s acquisition of certain residential
real estate loans of Granite in May 2010 will expire in May 2018. The agreement specifies that recoveries of losses that are claimed by the Company and indemnified by the FDIC under the agreement that are recovered by the Company through May
2020 are to be shared with the FDIC in the same proportion as they were indemnified by the FDIC. In addition, the agreement specifies that at the end of the agreement in May 2020, to the extent that total claimed losses plus servicing expenses,
net of recoveries, claimed under the agreement over the entire ten year period of the agreement do not meet a certain threshold, the Company will be required to pay to the FDIC a  true up  amount equal to fifty percent of the difference of
the threshold and actual claimed losses plus servicing expenses, net of recoveries. The Company has continually been estimating, updating and recording this  true up  amount, at its estimated present value, since the inception of the
agreement in May 2010. As of September 30, 2016, the present value of this  true up  amount is estimated to be $633,000, and is recorded in other liabilities.  
  Note 12   Other Assets     Other assets were comprised
of (in thousands):      
    Note 13 - Deposits   
 A summary of the balances of deposits follows (in thousands):      
   Certificate of deposit balances of $50,000,000 from the State of California were included in time certificates, $250,000 and
over, at each of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Bank participates in a deposit program offered by the State of California whereby the State may make deposits at the Bank s request subject to collateral and credit worthiness
constraints. The negotiated rates on these State deposits are generally more favorable than other wholesale funding sources available to the Bank. Overdrawn deposit balances of $820,000 and $796,000 were classified as consumer loans at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.     Note 14   Reserve for Unfunded Commitments   
 The following tables summarize the activity in reserve for unfunded commitments for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands):  
   
    Note 15   Other Liabilities   
 Other liabilities were comprised of (in thousands):      
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Note 16 - Other Borrowings   
 A summary of the balances of other borrowings follows:      
   The Company did not enter into any repurchase agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the year ended
December 31, 2015.    The Company had $19,235,000 and $12,328,000 of other collateralized borrowings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. Other collateralized borrowings are generally overnight maturity borrowings from non-financial institutions that are collateralized by securities owned by the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has pledged as
collateral and sold under agreements to repurchase investment securities with fair value of $21,022,000 under these other collateralized borrowings.    The
Company maintains a collateralized line of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco. Based on the FHLB stock requirements at September 30, 2016, this line provided for maximum borrowings of $1,266,202,000 of which none was
outstanding, leaving $1,266,202,000 available. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has designated investment securities with fair value of $85,944,000 and loans totaling $1,819,129,000 as potential collateral under this collateralized line of
credit with the FHLB.    The Company maintains a collateralized line of credit with the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank. As of September 30, 2016,
this line provided for maximum borrowings of $115,435,000 of which none was outstanding, leaving $115,435,000 available. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has designated investment securities with fair value of $216,000 and loans totaling
$148,594,000 as potential collateral under this collateralized line of credit with the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank.    The Company had available
unused correspondent banking lines of credit from commercial banks totaling $20,000,000 for federal funds transactions at September 30, 2016.     Note 17
  Junior Subordinated Debt     On July 31, 2003, the Company formed a subsidiary business trust, TriCo Capital Trust I, to issue trust preferred
securities. Concurrently with the issuance of the trust preferred securities, the trust issued 619 shares of common stock to the Company for $1,000 per share or an aggregate of $619,000. In addition, the Company issued a junior subordinated
debenture to the trust in the amount of $20,619,000. The terms of the junior subordinated debenture are materially consistent with the terms of the trust preferred securities issued by TriCo Capital Trust I. Also on July 31, 2003, TriCo
Capital Trust I completed an offering of 20,000 shares of cumulative trust preferred securities for cash in an aggregate amount of $20,000,000. The trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity on October 7, 2033 with an
interest rate that resets quarterly at three-month LIBOR plus 3.05%. TriCo Capital Trust I has the right to redeem the trust preferred securities on or after October 7, 2008. The trust preferred securities were issued through an underwriting
syndicate to which the Company paid underwriting fees of $7.50 per trust preferred security or an aggregate of $150,000. The net proceeds of $19,850,000 were used to finance the opening of new branches, improve bank services and technology,
repurchase shares of the Company s common stock under its repurchase plan and increase the Company s capital.    On June 22, 2004, the Company
formed a second subsidiary business trust, TriCo Capital Trust II, to issue trust preferred securities. Concurrently with the issuance of the trust preferred securities, the trust issued 619 shares of common stock to the Company for $1,000 per
share or an aggregate of $619,000. In addition, the Company issued a junior subordinated debenture to the trust in the amount of $20,619,000. The terms of the junior subordinated debenture are materially consistent with the terms of the
trust preferred securities issued by TriCo Capital Trust II. Also on June 22, 2004, TriCo Capital Trust II completed an offering of 20,000 shares of cumulative trust preferred securities for cash in an aggregate amount of $20,000,000. The
trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity on July 23, 2034 with an interest rate that resets quarterly at three-month LIBOR plus 2.55%. TriCo Capital Trust II has the right to redeem the trust preferred securities on
or after July 23, 2009. The trust preferred securities were issued through an underwriting syndicate to which the Company paid underwriting fees of $2.50 per trust preferred security or an aggregate of $50,000. The net proceeds of $19,950,000
were used to finance the opening of new branches, improve bank services and technology, repurchase shares of the Company s common stock under its repurchase plan and increase the Company s capital.  
 As a result of the Company s acquisition of North Valley Bancorp on October 3, 2014, the Company assumed the junior subordinated debentures issued by
North Valley Bancorp to North Valley Capital Trusts II, III   IV with face amounts of $6,186,000, $5,155,000 and $10,310,000, respectively. Also, as a result of the North Valley Bancorp acquisition, the Company acquired common stock
interests in North Valley Capital Trusts II, III and IV with face valley of $186,000, $155,000, and $310,000, respectively. At the acquisition date of October 3, 2014, the junior subordinated debentures associated with North Valley Capital
Trust II, III and IV were recorded on the Company s books at their fair values of $5,006,000, $3,918,000, and $6,063,000, respectively. The related fair value discounts to face value of these debentures will be amortized over the remaining
time to maturity for each of these debentures using the effective interest method. Similar, and proportional, discounts were applied to the acquired common stock interest in North Valley Capital Trusts II, III and IV, and these discounts will
be proportionally amortized over the remaining time to maturity for each related debenture.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

Note 17   Junior Subordinated Debt (continued)   
   
  TriCo Capital Trusts I and II, and North Valley Capital Trusts II, III and IV are collectively referred to as
the Capital Trusts. The recorded book values of the junior subordinated debentures issued by the Capital Trusts are reflected as junior subordinated debt in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The common stock issued by the Capital
Trusts and owned by the Company is recorded in other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The recorded book value of the debentures issued by the Capital Trusts, less the recorded book value of the common stock of the
Capital Trusts owned by the Company, continues to qualify as Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital under interim guidance issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.  
 The following table summarizes the terms and recorded balance of each subordinated debenture as of the date indicated (dollars in thousands):  
   
   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the balance of Junior Subordinated Debt increased $147,000 to $56,617,000 due
to purchase fair value discount amortization.     Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies   
  Restricted Cash Balances   Reserves (in the form of deposits with the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank) of $78,813,000 and $70,660,000 were
maintained to satisfy Federal regulatory requirements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. These reserves are included in cash and due from banks in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
  Lease Commitments   The Company leases 42 sites under non-cancelable operating leases. The leases contain various provisions for increases in
rental rates, based either on changes in the published Consumer Price Index or a predetermined escalation schedule. Substantially all of the leases provide the Company with the option to extend the lease term one or more times following expiration
of the initial term. The Company currently does not have any capital leases.    At December 31, 2015, future minimum commitments under non-cancelable
operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more are as follows:      
   Rent expense under operating leases was $1,034,000 and $1,049,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Rent expense was offset by rent income of $58,000 and $57,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Rent expense under operating leases was $3,024,000 and $2,992,000 during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Rent expense was offset by rent income of $177,000 and $161,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk   The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal
course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, and deposit account overdraft privilege. Those instruments involve, to varying
degrees, elements of risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The contract amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments.  
 The Company s exposure to loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby
letters of credit written is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. The
Company s exposure to loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for deposit account overdraft privilege is represented by the overdraft privilege amount disclosed to the deposit account holder. 
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents a summary of the Bank s commitments and contingent liabilities:  
   
   Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition
established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates of one year or less or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn
upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the
Company upon extension of credit, is based on Management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, residential properties, and
income-producing commercial properties.    Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a
customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support private borrowing arrangements. Most standby letters of credit are issued for one year or less. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is
essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Collateral requirements vary, but in general follow the requirements for other loan facilities.  
 Deposit account overdraft privilege amount represents the unused overdraft privilege balance available to the Company s deposit account holders who have
deposit accounts covered by an overdraft privilege. The Company has established an overdraft privilege for certain of its deposit account products whereby all holders of such accounts who bring their accounts to a positive balance at least once
every thirty days receive the overdraft privilege. The overdraft privilege allows depositors to overdraft their deposit account up to a predetermined level. The predetermined overdraft limit is set by the Company based on account type.
    Legal Proceedings    On September 15, 2014, a former Personal Banker at one of the Bank s in-store branches filed a Class Action
Complaint against the Bank in Butte County Superior Court, alleging causes of action related to the observance of meal and rest periods and seeking to represent a class of current and former hourly-paid or non-exempt personal bankers, or employees
with the same or similar job duties, employed by the Bank within the State of California during the preceding four years. On or about June 25, 2015, Plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint expanding the class definition to all current and formerly
hourly-paid or non-exempt branch employees employed by the Bank within the State of California at any time during the period from September 15, 2010 to final judgment. The Bank responded to the First Amended Complaint, denying the charges, and
the parties engaged in written discovery. The parties engaged in non-binding mediation of this action during the third quarter of 2016.   On January
20, 2015, a then-current Personal Banker at one of the Bank s in-store branches filed a First Amended Complaint against Tri Counties Bank and TriCo Bancshares, dba Tri Counties Bank, in Sacramento County Superior Court, alleging causes of
action related to wage statement violations. Plaintiff seeks to represent a class of current and former exempt and non-exempt employees who worked for t defendants during the time period beginning October 18, 2013 through the date of the filing
of this action. The Company and the Bank responded to the First Amended Complaint, denying the charges, and engaged in written discovery with Plaintiff. The parties engaged in non-binding mediation of this action during the third quarter
of 2016.    During the third quarter of 2016, the Bank agreed to settle the two foregoing matters. In connection with the settlement and in
consideration for the full settlement and release of all claims, the Bank would pay up to $1.9 million. The actual cost of the settlement will depend on the number of claims submitted by purported class members and the Bank estimates that the
actual cost of settlement will be approximately $1,450,000. In the event that the parties enter into a stipulation of settlement, hearings will be scheduled at which the court will consider the settlement. The settlement is subject to
customary conditions, including court approval following notice to members of the purported classes. There can be no assurance that the parties will ultimately enter into a stipulation of settlement or that the court will approve the settlement even
if the parties were to enter into such stipulation.   Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries, are party to any other material pending legal proceeding,
nor is their property the subject of any other material pending legal proceeding, except routine legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of their business. None of these proceedings is currently expected to have a material adverse
impact upon the Company s business, consolidated financial position or results of operations in addition to amounts already accrued, taking any applicable insurance into consideration.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Other Commitments and Contingencies  The Company has entered into employment agreements or change of
control agreements with certain officers of the Company providing severance payments and accelerated vesting of benefits under supplemental retirement agreements to the officers in the event of a change in control of the Company and termination for
other than cause or after a substantial and material change in the officer s title, compensation or responsibilities.    The Bank owns 13,396 shares of
Class B common stock of Visa Inc. which are convertible into Class A common stock at a conversion ratio of 1.648265 per Class B share. As of September 30, 2016, the value of the Class A shares was $82.70 per share. Utilizing the
conversion ratio, the value of unredeemed Class A equivalent shares owned by the Bank was $1,826,000 as of September 30, 2016, and has not been reflected in the accompanying financial statements. The shares of Visa Class B common stock are
restricted and may not be transferred. Visa Member Banks are required to fund an escrow account to cover settlements, resolution of pending litigation and related claims. If the funds in the escrow account are insufficient to settle all the covered
litigation, Visa may sell additional Class A shares, use the proceeds to settle litigation, and further reduce the conversion ratio. If funds remain in the escrow account after all litigation is settled, the Class B conversion ratio will be
increased to reflect that surplus.    Mortgage loans sold to investors may be sold with servicing rights retained, with only the standard legal
representations and warranties regarding recourse to the Bank. Management believes that any liabilities that may result from such recourse provisions are not significant.  
  Note 19   Shareholders  Equity      Dividends
Paid     The Bank paid to the Company cash dividends in the aggregate amounts of $11,434,000 and $8,968,000 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 respectively. The Bank is regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the State of California Department of Business Oversight. Absent approval from the Commissioner of the Department of Business Oversight,
California banking laws generally limit the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the lesser of (1) retained earnings or (2) net income for the last three fiscal years, less cash distributions paid during such period. Under this law, at
December 31, 2015, the Bank could pay dividends to the Company of up to $73,297,000.     Stock Repurchase Plan   
 On August 21, 2007, the Board of Directors adopted a plan to repurchase, as conditions warrant, up to 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock on the
open market. The timing of purchases and the exact number of shares to be purchased will depend on market conditions. The 500,000 shares authorized for repurchase under this stock repurchase plan represented approximately 3.2% of the
Company s 15,814,662 outstanding common shares as of August 21, 2007. This stock repurchase plan has no expiration date. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 166,600 shares under this plan.  
  Stock Repurchased Under Equity Compensation Plans     During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, employees and directors tendered 101,125 and 30,321 shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock with market value of $2,774,000 to such exercises and the release of restricted stock
units as permitted by the Company s shareholder-approved equity compensation plans. The tendered shares were retired. The market value of tendered shares is the last market trade price at closing on the day an option is exercised or a
restricted stock unit vests. Stock repurchased under equity incentive plans are not included in the total of stock repurchased under the stock repurchase plan announced on August 21, 2007.  
  Note 20 - Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Incentive Instruments   
 In March 2009, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the TriCo Bancshares 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (2009 Plan) covering officers, employees,
directors of, and consultants to, the Company. The 2009 Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders in May 2009. The 2009 Plan allows for the granting of the following types of  stock awards  (Awards): incentive stock
options, nonstatutory stock options, performance awards, restricted stock, restricted stock unit (RSU) awards and stock appreciation rights. RSUs that vest based solely on the grantee remaining in the service of the Company for a certain amount of
time, are referred to as  service condition vesting RSUs . RSUs that vest based on the grantee remaining in the service of the Company for a certain amount of time and a market condition such as the total return of the Company s
common stock versus the total return of an index of bank stocks, are referred to as  market plus service condition vesting RSUs . In May 2013, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2009 Plan increasing the maximum
aggregate number of shares of TriCo s common stock which may be issued pursuant to or subject to Awards from 650,000 to 1,650,000. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2009 Plan is reduced by: (i) one share for each
share of common stock issued pursuant to a stock option or a Stock Appreciation Right and (ii) two shares for each share of common stock issued pursuant to a Performance Award, a Restricted Stock Award or a Restricted Stock Unit Award. When
Awards made under the 2009 Plan expire or are forfeited or cancelled, the underlying shares will become available for future Awards under the 2009 Plan. To the extent that a share of common stock pursuant to an Award that counted as two shares
against the number of shares again becomes available for issuance under the 2009 Plan, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2009 Plan shall increase by two shares. Shares awarded and delivered under the 2009 Plan may
be authorized but unissued, or reacquired shares. As of September 30, 2016, 639,900 options for the purchase of common shares, and 114,139 restricted stock units were outstanding, and 627,536 shares remain available for issuance, under the 2009
Plan.    In May 2001, the Company adopted the TriCo Bancshares 2001 Stock Option Plan (2001 Plan) covering officers, employees, directors of, and
consultants to, the Company. Under the 2001 Plan, the option exercise price cannot be less than the fair market value of the Common Stock at the date of grant except in the case of substitute options. Options for the 2001 Plan expire on the
tenth anniversary of the grant date. Vesting schedules under the 2001 Plan are determined individually for each grant. As of September 30, 2016, 169,750 options for the purchase of common shares were outstanding under the 2001
Plan. As of May 2009, as a result of the shareholder approval of the 2009 Plan, no new options may be granted under the 2001 Plan. 
      32  

Table of Contents  

Note 20 - Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Incentive Instruments (continued)   
   
  Stock option activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is summarized in the following table:
     
   The following table shows the number, weighted-average exercise price, intrinsic value, and weighted average remaining
contractual life of options exercisable, options not yet exercisable and total options outstanding as of September 30, 2016:      
   The 115,300 options that are currently not exercisable as of September 30, 2016 are expected to vest, on a
weighted-average basis, over the next 1.1 years, and the Company is expected to recognize $531,000 of pre-tax compensation costs related to these options as they vest. The Company did not modify any option grants during 2015 or the nine months
ended September 30, 2016.    Restricted stock unit (RSU) activity is summarized in the following table for the dates indicated:  
   
   The 63,289 service condition vesting RSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2016 include a feature whereby each RSU award
outstanding is adjusted for cash dividends with additional RSUs equal in number to the number of shares of common stock that could be purchased with the cash dividends that would have been paid on the shares underlying the awards on the date the
dividend is paid. The 63,289 service condition vesting RSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2016 are expected to vest, and be released, on a weighted-average basis, over the next 1.4 years. The Company is expected to recognize $1,155,000 of
pre-tax compensation costs related to these service condition vesting RSUs between September 30, 2016 and their vesting dates. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not modify any service condition vesting RSUs.
During 2015 the Company did not modify any service condition vesting RSUs.   The 50,850 market plus service condition vesting RSUs outstanding as of
September 30, 2016 are expected to vest, and be released, on a weighted-average basis, over the next 2.2 years. The Company is expected to recognize $635,000 of pre-tax compensation costs related to these RSUs between September 30, 2016 and their
vesting dates. As of September 30, 2016, the number of market plus service condition vesting RSUs outstanding that will actually vest, and be released, may be reduced to zero or increased to 76,275 depending on the total return of the
Company s common stock versus the total return of an index of bank stocks from the grant date to the vesting date. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not modify any market plus service condition vesting RSUs.
During 2015 the Company did not modify any market plus service condition vesting RSUs. 
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Note 21 - Noninterest Income and Expense   
 The components of other noninterest income were as follows (in thousands):      
   The components of noninterest expense were as follows (in thousands):  

34  

Table of Contents  

   Note 22 - Income Taxes   
 The provisions for income taxes applicable to income before taxes differ from amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax rates to income
before taxes. The effective tax rate and the statutory federal income tax rate are reconciled for the periods indicated as follows:      
    Note 23   Earnings Per Share   
 Basic earnings per share represents income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per share reflects additional common shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common shares had been issued, as well as any adjustments to income that would result from assumed issuance. Potential
common shares that may be issued by the Company relate solely from outstanding stock options, and are determined using the treasury stock method. Earnings per share have been computed based on the following:  
   
    Note 24   Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 Accounting principles generally require that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets and
liabilities, such as unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, are reported as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income.  
 The components of accumulated other comprehensive income, included in shareholders  equity, are as follows:  

35  

Table of Contents  

Note 24   Comprehensive Income (continued)   
   
  The components of other comprehensive income and related tax effects are as follows:  
   
    Note 25 - Retirement Plans   
  401(k) Plan     The Company sponsors a 401(k) Plan whereby
substantially all employees age 21 and over with 90 days of service may participate. Participants may contribute a portion of their compensation subject to certain limits based on federal tax laws. Prior to July 1, 2015, the Company did not
contribute to the 401(k) Plan. Effective July 1, 2015, the Company initiated a discretionary matching contribution equal to 50% of participant s elective deferrals each quarter, up to 4% of eligible compensation. The following table sets
forth the benefit expense attributable to the 401(k) Plan matching contributions, and the contributions made by the Company to the 401(k) Plan during the periods indicated:      
    Employee Stock Ownership Plan   
 Substantially all employees with at least one year of service are covered by a discretionary employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Contributions are made
to the plan at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Company shares owned by the ESOP are paid dividends and included in the calculation of earnings per share exactly as other common shares outstanding. The following table sets forth the
benefit expense attributable to the ESOP, and the contributions made by the Company to the ESOP during the periods indicated:      
 
      36  

Table of Contents  

   Deferred Compensation Plans   
 The Company has deferred compensation plans for certain directors and key executives, which allow certain directors and key executives designated by the Board
of Directors of the Company to defer a portion of their compensation. The Company has purchased insurance on the lives of the participants and intends to hold these policies until death as a cost recovery of the Company s deferred
compensation obligations of $6,343,000 and $7,408,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The following table sets forth the earnings credits on deferred balances included in noninterest expense during the periods
indicated:      
    Supplemental Retirement Plans   
 The Company has supplemental retirement plans for current and former directors and key executives. These plans are non-qualified defined benefit plans and
are unsecured and unfunded. The Company has purchased insurance on the lives of the participants and intends (but is not required) to use the cash values of these policies to pay the retirement obligations. The following table sets forth
the net periodic benefit cost recognized for the plans:      
   For the year ending December 31, 2016, the Company expects to contribute and pay out as benefits $1,104,000 to participants
under the plans.     Note 26 - Related Party Transactions   
 Certain directors, officers, and companies with which they are associated were customers of, and had banking transactions with, the Company or the Bank in the
ordinary course of business.   The following table summarizes the activity in these loans for periods indicated (in thousands):  
   
   Director Chrysler is a principal owner and CEO of Modern Building Inc. Modern Building Inc. provided construction
services to the Company related to new and existing Bank facilities for aggregate payments of $1,249,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $1,030,000 during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
     Note 27 - Fair Value Measurement   
 The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. In
estimating fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach, income approach, and/or the cost approach. Inputs to valuation techniques include the assumptions that market participants would use
in pricing an asset or liability including assumptions about the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique, the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset and the risk of nonperformance. Securities available-for-sale and
mortgage servicing rights are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as loans held for sale, loans held for
investment and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or market accounting or impairment write-downs of individual assets. 
      37  

Table of Contents  

  The Company groups assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets
and liabilities are traded and the observable nature of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These levels are:      

Level 1 - 
   
 Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.  
 
 Level 2 - 
   
 Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant
assumptions are observable in the market.  
 
 Level 3 - 
   
 Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in
pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques.  
    Securities available for sale  - Securities available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair
value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows,
adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities
that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. The
Company had no securities classified as Level 3 during any of the periods covered in these financial statements.     Loans held for sale    Loans
held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The fair value of loans held for sale is based on what secondary markets are currently offering for loans with similar characteristics. As such, we classify those loans subjected to
nonrecurring fair value adjustments as Level 2.     Impaired originated and PNCI loans    Originated and PNCI loans are not recorded at fair value
on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, an originated or PNCI loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses is established. Originated and PNCI loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not
be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. The fair value of an impaired originated or PNCI loan is estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value, fair value of similar debt,
enterprise value, liquidation value and discounted cash flows. Those impaired originated and PNCI loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in
such loans. Impaired originated and PNCI loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market
price or a current appraised value which uses substantially observable data, the Company records the impaired originated or PNCI loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the
collateral is further impaired below the appraised value, or the appraised value contains a significant unobservable assumption, such as deviations from comparable sales, and there is no observable market price, the Company records the impaired
originated or PNCI loan as nonrecurring Level 3.    Foreclosed assets  - Foreclosed assets include assets acquired through, or in lieu of, loan
foreclosure. Foreclosed assets are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, management periodically performs valuations and the assets are
carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. When the fair value of foreclosed assets is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value which uses substantially observable data, the Company records the
impaired originated loan as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value, or the appraised value contains a significant
unobservable assumption, such as deviations from comparable sales, and there is no observable market price, the Company records the foreclosed asset as nonrecurring Level 3. Revenue and expenses from operations and changes in the valuation allowance
are included in other noninterest expense.    Mortgage servicing rights  - Mortgage servicing rights are carried at fair value. A valuation model,
which utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis using a discount rate and prepayment speed assumptions is used in the computation of the fair value measurement. While the prepayment speed assumption is currently quoted for comparable
instruments, the discount rate assumption currently requires a significant degree of management judgment and is therefore considered an unobservable input. As such, the Company classifies mortgage servicing rights subjected to recurring fair value
adjustments as Level 3. Additional information regarding mortgage servicing rights can be found in Note 10 in the consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of this report.  
    The table below presents the recorded amount of assets and liabilities measured at
fair value on a recurring basis at the date indicated (in thousands):      
 
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The table below presents the recorded amount of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis at the date indicated (in thousands):      
   Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that
caused the transfer, which generally corresponds with the Company s quarterly valuation process. There were no transfers between any levels during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) on a
recurring basis during the time periods indicated. Had there been any transfer into or out of Level 3 during the time periods indicated, the amount included in the  Transfers into (out of) Level 3  column would represent the beginning
balance of an item in the period (interim quarter) during which it was transferred (in thousands):      
   The Company s method for determining the fair value of mortgage servicing rights is described in Note 1. The key
unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of mortgage servicing rights are mortgage prepayment speeds and the discount rate used to discount cash projected cash flows. Generally, any significant increases in the mortgage prepayment
speed and discount rate utilized in the fair value measurement of the mortgage servicing rights will result in a negative fair value adjustments (and decrease in the fair value measurement). Conversely, a decrease in the mortgage prepayment speed
and discount rate will result in a positive fair value adjustment (and increase in the fair value measurement). Note 10 contains additional information regarding mortgage servicing rights.  
 The following table presents quantitative information about recurring Level 3 fair value measurements at September 30, 2016:  
   
   The following table presents quantitative information about recurring Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2015:

39  

Table of Contents  

  The table below presents the recorded amount of certain assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, as
of the dates indicated. For these purposes, an asset is deemed to be measured at fair value if it had a write-down or an additional allowance provided during the periods indicated, and the recorded value of the asset at the end of the period is
equal to the net value of the underlying collateral (in thousands):      
   The table below presents the gains and losses from nonrecurring fair value adjustments that occurred in the periods
indicated (in thousands):      
   The impaired Originated and PNCI loan amount above represents impaired, collateral dependent loans that have been adjusted to
fair value. When we identify a collateral dependent loan as impaired, we measure the impairment using the current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs. Depending on the characteristics of a loan, the fair value of collateral is generally
estimated by obtaining external appraisals. If we determine that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, we recognize this impairment and adjust the carrying value of the loan to fair value through the
allowance for loan and lease losses. The loss represents  charge-offs  or impairments on collateral dependent loans for fair value adjustments based on the fair value of collateral. The carrying value of loans
fully charged-off is zero.    The foreclosed assets amount above represents impaired real estate that has been adjusted to fair value. Foreclosed assets
represent real estate which the Bank has taken control of in partial or full satisfaction of loans. At the time of foreclosure, other real estate owned is recorded at the lower of the carrying amount of the loan or fair value less costs to sell,
which becomes the property s new basis. Any write-downs based on the asset s fair value at the date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan and lease losses. After foreclosure, management periodically performs valuations such
that the real estate is carried at the lower of its new cost basis or fair value, net of estimated costs to sell. Fair value adjustments on other real estate owned are recognized within net loss on real estate owned. The loss represents impairments
on non-covered other real estate owned for fair value adjustments based on the fair value of the real estate.    The Company s property appraisals are
primarily based on the sales comparison approach and income approach methodologies, which consider recent sales of comparable properties, including their income generating characteristics, and then make adjustments to reflect the general assumptions
that a market participant would make when analyzing the property for purchase. These adjustments may increase or decrease an appraised value and can vary significantly depending on the location, physical characteristics and income producing
potential of each property. Additionally, the quality and volume of market information available at the time of the appraisal can vary from period to period and cause significant changes to the nature and magnitude of comparable sale adjustments.
Given these variations, comparable sale adjustments are generally not a reliable indicator for how fair value will increase or decrease from period to period. Under certain circumstances, management discounts are applied based on specific
characteristics of an individual property.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements for financial
instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016:      

Fair Value (in thousands) 

Valuation 
 Technique  
    
   Unobservable 
 Inputs  
    
 Range, Weighted Average  

Impaired Originated   PNCI loans  
    
 $ 
 5,941 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
  (0.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%   

Income approach  
    
   Capitalization rate  
    
 N/A  
 
   Foreclosed assets (Land   construction)  
    
 $ 
 15 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
 (5.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%  
 
   Foreclosed assets (Residential real estate)  
    
 $ 
 1,038 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
 (5.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%  
 
   Foreclosed assets (Commercial real estate)  
    
 $ 
 748 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
 (5.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%  
   The following table presents quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2015:      

Fair Value (in thousands) 

Valuation 
 Technique  
    
   Unobservable 
 Inputs  
    
 Range, Weighted Average  

Impaired Originated   PNCI loans  
    
 $ 
 4,649 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
  (5.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%   

Income approach  
    
   Capitalization rate  
    
 7.0%-8.0%, 7.25%  
 
   Foreclosed assets (Land   construction)  
    
 $ 
 96 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
 (5.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%  
 
   Foreclosed assets (Residential real estate)  
    
 $ 
 1,177 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
 (5.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%  
 
   Foreclosed assets (Commercial real estate)  
    
 $ 
 267 

Sales comparison approach  
    
   Adjustment for differences between comparable sales  
    
 (5.0)%-(5.0)%, (5.0)%  
   In addition to the methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument noted above,
the following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of other classes of financial instruments for which it is practical to estimate the fair value. 
  Short-term Instruments  - Cash and due from banks, fed funds purchased and sold, interest receivable and payable, and short-term borrowings are
considered short-term instruments. For these short-term instruments their carrying amount approximates their fair value.     Securities held to
maturity    The fair value of securities held to maturity is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such
as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York
Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds
and corporate debt securities. The Company had no securities held to maturity classified as Level 3 during any of the periods covered in these financial statements.  
  Restricted Equity Securities  - It is not practical to determine the fair value of restricted equity securities due to restrictions placed on their
transferability.     Originated and PNCI loans  - The fair value of variable rate originated and PNCI loans is the current carrying value. The interest
rates on these originated and PNCI loans are regularly adjusted to market rates. The fair value of other types of fixed rate originated and PNCI loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using current rates at which similar loans would
be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the same remaining maturities. The allowance for loan losses is a reasonable estimate of the valuation allowance needed to adjust computed fair values for credit quality of certain originated and
PNCI loans in the portfolio.     PCI Loans  - PCI loans are measured at estimated fair value on the date of acquisition. Carrying value is calculated
as the present value of expected cash flows and approximates fair value.     FDIC Indemnification Asset -  The fair value of the FDIC indemnification
asset is based on the discounted value of expected future cash flows under the loss-share agreement.     Deposit Liabilities  - The fair value of
demand deposits, savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. These values do not consider the estimated fair value of the Company s core deposit intangible, which is a significant
unrecognized asset of the Company. The fair value of time deposits and other borrowings is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

   Other Borrowings  - The fair value of other borrowings is calculated based on the discounted value of the
contractual cash flows using current rates at which such borrowings can currently be obtained.     Junior Subordinated Debentures  - The fair value of
junior subordinated debentures is estimated using a discounted cash flow model. The future cash flows of these instruments are extended to the next available redemption date or maturity date as appropriate based upon the spreads of recent issuances
or quotes from brokers for comparable bank holding companies compared to the contractual spread of each junior subordinated debenture measured at fair value.  
  Commitments to Extend Credit and Standby Letters of Credit  - The fair value of commitments is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into
similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present credit worthiness of the counter parties. For fixed rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest
rates and the committed rates. The fair value of letters of credit is based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or otherwise settle the obligation with the counter parties at the reporting
date.    Fair values for financial instruments are management s estimates of the values at which the instruments could be exchanged in a transaction
between willing parties. These estimates are subjective and may vary significantly from amounts that would be realized in actual transactions. In addition, other significant assets are not considered financial assets including, any mortgage banking
operations, deferred tax assets, and premises and equipment. Further, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on the fair value estimates and have not been considered in any
of these estimates.   The estimated fair values of financial instruments that are reported at amortized cost in the Corporation s consolidated balance
sheets, segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value, were as follows (in thousands):      
 
      42  

Table of Contents  

   Note 28 - TriCo Bancshares Condensed Financial Statements (Parent Only)   

43  

Table of Contents  

   Note 29 - Regulatory Matters   
 The Company is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can
initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the
regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company s assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory
accounting practices. The Company s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.  
 In July, 2013, the federal banking agencies approved final rules that substantially amend the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to TriCo and the
Bank. The final rules implement the  Basel III  regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the  Dodd-Frank  Act.  Basel III  refers to two consultative documents released by the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2009, the rules text released in December 2010, and loss absorbency rules issued in January 2011, which include significant changes to bank capital, leverage and liquidity requirements.  
 The rules include new risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which will be phased in from 2015 to 2019, and will refine the definition of what constitutes
 capital  for purposes of calculating those ratios. The new minimum capital level requirements applicable to TriCo and the Bank as of January 1, 2015 under the final rules are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%;
(ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from previous rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4% for all institutions. The final rules also establish a  capital conservation
buffer  above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital. The capital conservation buffer will be  phased-in  over four years beginning on
January 1, 2016, as follows: the maximum buffer will be 0.625% of risk-weighted assets for 2016, 1.25% for 2017, 1.875% for 2018, and 2.5% for 2019 and thereafter. This will result in the following minimum ratios beginning in 2019: (i) a common
equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%, (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. Under the final rules, institutions are subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying
discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions.  
 Basel III provided discretion for regulators to impose an additional buffer, the  countercyclical buffer,  of up to 2.5% of common equity Tier 1
capital to take into account the  macro-financial  environment and periods of excessive credit growth. However, the final rules permit the countercyclical buffer to be applied only to  advanced approach
banks  ( i.e., banks with $250 billion or more in total assets or $10 billion or more in total foreign exposures), which currently excludes TriCo and the Bank. The final rules also implement revisions and clarifications consistent with Basel
III regarding the various components of Tier 1 capital, including common equity, unrealized gains and losses, as well as certain instruments that will no longer qualify as Tier 1 capital, some of which will be phased out over time. However, the
final rules provide that small depository institution holding companies with less than $15 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2009 (such as TriCo) will be able to permanently include non-qualifying instruments that were issued and
included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to May 19, 2010 in additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital until they redeem such instruments or until the instruments mature. The final rules also allow banks other than advanced approach banks to make a  one-time  election to permanently exclude or include unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities in accumulated other comprehensive income from Tier 1 capital. The Company has elected to exclude
unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities in accumulated other comprehensive income from Tier 1 capital.   The final rules also contain
revisions to the prompt corrective action framework, which is designed to place restrictions on insured depository institutions, including the Bank, if their capital levels begin to show signs of weakness. These revisions became effective on
January 1, 2015. Under the prompt corrective action requirements, which are designed to complement the capital conservation buffer, insured depository institutions will be required to meet the following increased capital level requirements in
order to qualify as  well capitalized:  (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8% (increased from 6%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 10% (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1
leverage ratio of 5% (increased from 4%).    The final rules also set forth certain changes for the calculation of risk-weighted assets, which will be
phased in beginning January 1, 2015. The standardized approach final rule utilizes an increased number of credit risk exposure categories and risk weights, and also addresses: (i) an alternative standard of creditworthiness consistent with
Section 939A of the  Dodd-Frank  Act; (ii) revisions to recognition of credit risk mitigation; (iii) rules for risk weighting of equity exposures and past due loans; (iv) revised capital treatment for
derivatives and  repo-style  transactions; and (v) disclosure requirements for  top-tier  banking organizations with $50 billion or more in total assets that are not subject
to the  advance approach rules  that apply to banks with greater than $250 billion in consolidated assets. We believe that we were in compliance with the requirements applicable to us as set forth in the final rules as of January 1,
2015 and September 30, 2016.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

  Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company to maintain
minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total, Tier 1, and common equity Tier 1capital to  risk-weighted  assets, and of Tier 1 capital to average assets. Management believes, as of
June 30, 2016, that the Company meets all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject.    The following tables present actual and required
capital ratios as of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for the Company and the Bank under Basel III Capital Rules. The minimum capital amounts presented include the minimum required capital levels as of June 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 based on the  phased-in  provisions of the Basel III Capital Rules and the minimum required capital levels as of January 1, 2019 when the Basel III Capital Rules have been fully  phased-in.  Capital levels required to be considered well capitalized are based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under the Basel III Capital Rules.  

As of September 30, 2016, capital levels at the Company and the Bank exceed all capital adequacy requirements under the
Basel III Capital Rules on a fully phased-in basis. Based on the ratios presented above, capital levels as June 30, 2016 at the Company and the Bank exceed the minimum levels necessary to be considered  well capitalized .  
      45  

Table of Contents  

   Note 30 - Summary of Quarterly Results of Operations (unaudited)   
 The following table sets forth the results of operations for the periods indicated, and is unaudited; however, in the opinion of Management, it reflects all
adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the summarized results for such periods.      
 
      46  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        General
    As TriCo Bancshares (referred to in this report as  we ,  our  or the  Company ) has not commenced any business
operations independent of Tri Counties Bank (the  Bank ), the following discussion pertains primarily to the Bank. Average balances, including such balances used in calculating certain financial ratios, are generally comprised of average
daily balances for the Company. Within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, interest income, net interest income, net interest yield, and efficiency ratio are generally presented on a fully
tax-equivalent ( FTE ) basis. The Company believes the use of these non-generally accepted accounting principles (non-GAAP) measures provides additional clarity in assessing its results, and the presentation of these measures on a FTE
basis is a common practice within the banking industry. Interest income and net interest income are shown on a  non-FTE  basis in the Part I   Financial Information section of this Form 10-Q, and a
reconciliation of the FTE and  non-FTE  presentations is provided below in the discussion of net interest income.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates     There have
been no changes to the Company s critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    The Company s discussion
and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those that materially affect the financial statements and are related to the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, investments, mortgage servicing rights, fair value
measurements, retirement plans and intangible assets. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company s policies related to
estimates on the allowance for loan losses, other than temporary impairment of investments and impairment of intangible assets, can be found in Note 1 in Item 1 of Part I of this report. 
 On March 18, 2016, Tri Counties Bank acquired three branches from Bank of America. The branches are located in the cities of Arcata, Eureka, and Fortuna
in Humboldt County, California. The Bank paid a premium of $3,204,000 for deposit relationships with balances of $161,231,000 and loans with balances of $289,000, and received $159,520,000 in cash from Bank of America. See  Results of
Operations  and  Financial Condition  below and Note 2 in Item 1 of Part I of this report, for additional discussion about this transaction.  
 On October 3, 2014, TriCo acquired North Valley Bancorp. As part of the acquisition, North Valley Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of North Valley
Bancorp, merged with and into Tri Counties Bank. TriCo issued an aggregate of approximately 6.58 million shares of TriCo common stock to North Valley Bancorp shareholders, which was valued at a total of approximately $151 million based on the
closing trading price of TriCo common stock on October 3, 2014 of $21.73 per share. TriCo also assumed North Valley Bancorp s obligations with respect to its outstanding trust preferred securities. North Valley Bank was a full-service
commercial bank headquartered in Redding, California. North Valley conducted a commercial and retail banking services which included accepting demand, savings, and money market rate deposit accounts and time deposits, and making commercial, real
estate and consumer loans. North Valley Bank had $935 million in assets and 22 commercial banking offices in Shasta, Humboldt, Del Norte, Mendocino, Yolo, Sonoma, Placer and Trinity Counties in Northern California at June 30, 2014. On
October 25, 2014, North Valley Bank s electronic customer service and other data processing systems were converted onto Tri Counties Bank s systems. Between January 7, 2015 and January 21, 2015, four Tri Counties Bank
branches and four former North Valley Bank branches were consolidated into other Tri Counties Bank or other former North Valley Bank branches.   On
September 23, 2011, the California Department of Financial Institutions closed Citizens Bank of Northern California ( Citizens ), Nevada City, California and appointed the FDIC as receiver. That same date, the Bank assumed the banking
operations of Citizens from the FDIC under a whole bank purchase and assumption agreement without loss sharing.    On May 28, 2010, the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency closed Granite Community Bank, N.A. ( Granite ), Granite Bay, California and appointed the FDIC as receiver. That same date, the Bank assumed the banking operations of Granite from the FDIC under a whole bank
purchase and assumption agreement with loss sharing. Under the terms of the loss sharing agreement, the FDIC will cover a substantial portion of any future losses on loans, related unfunded loan commitments, other real estate owned (OREO)/foreclosed
assets and accrued interest on loans for up to 90 days. The FDIC will absorb 80% of losses and share in 80% of loss recoveries on the covered assets acquired from Granite. The loss sharing arrangements for non-single family residential and single
family residential loans are in effect for 5 years and 10 years, respectively, and the loss recovery provisions are in effect for 8 years and 10 years, respectively, from the acquisition date.  
 The Company refers to loans and foreclosed assets that are covered by loss sharing agreements as  covered loans  and  covered foreclosed
assets , respectively. In addition, the Company refers to loans purchased or obtained in a business combination as  purchased credit impaired  (PCI) loans, or  purchased non-credit impaired  (PNCI) loans. The Company refers
to loans that it originates as  originated  loans. Additional information regarding the Citizens and Granite Bank acquisitions can be found in Note 2 in Item 1 of Part I of this report. Additional information regarding the definitions and
accounting for originated, PNCI and PCI loans can be found in Notes 1, 2, 4 and 5 in Item 1 of Part I of this report, and under the heading  Asset Quality and Non-Performing Assets  below.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

   Geographical Descriptions   
 For the purpose of describing the geographical location of the Company s loans, the Company has defined northern California as that area of California
north of, and including, Stockton; central California as that area of the State south of Stockton, to and including, Bakersfield; and southern California as that area of the State south of Bakersfield.  
  TRICO BANCSHARES     Financial
Summary    (In thousands, except per share amounts; unaudited)      

1   
 Fully taxable equivalent (FTE)    

2   
 Efficiency ratio is defined as the sum net interest income (FTE) and noninterest income divided by noninterest expense.    
      48  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations    
  Overview     The following discussion and analysis is
designed to provide a better understanding of the significant changes and trends related to the Company and the Bank s financial condition, operating results, asset and liability management, liquidity and capital resources and should be read in
conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the Notes thereto located at Item 1 of this report.    Following is a
summary of the components of FTE net income for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands):      
   Included in the Company s results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 is the
ongoing impact of the Company s acquisition, on March 18, 2016, of three branch offices from Bank of America that included the acquisition of deposit relationships with balances totaling $161,231,000. Interest expense associated with the
acquired deposit relationships was $5,000 from March 18, 2016 to March 31, 2016, and interest income from the net cash received in the transaction was estimated to be $27,000, assuming it was invested in Fed funds at an annualized earnings rate of
0.50%. Direct noninterest income and expense related to these branches from March 18, 2016 to March 31, 2016 were $14,000 and $659,000, respectively. Included in the $659,000 of noninterest expense related to these branches for the three months
ended March 31, 2016 was $10,000 of core deposit intangible amortization, and $622,000 of nonrecurring acquisition expenses such as system conversion and customer communication related expenses. Other (indirect) noninterest income and expenses
related to these branches and associated deposits, such as, increased data processing expense, are not readily distinguishable on a branch by branch basis. On June 8, 2016, the Company consolidated a preexisting branch into one of the branches
acquired from Bank of America.    Also included in the Company s results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 is
the ongoing impact of the sale, on March 31, 2016, of twenty-seven nonperforming loans, nine substandard performing loans, and three purchased credit impaired loans with total contractual principal balances outstanding of $31,487,000, and recorded
book value, including pre-sale write downs and purchase discounts, of approximately $24,810,000. Net proceeds from the sale of these loans were $27,049,000, and resulted in additional net loan write downs of $21,000, the recovery of $1,237,000 of
interest income that was previously applied to the principal balance of loans in nonaccrual status, and a gain on sale of loans of $103,000.    The
twenty-seven nonperforming loans that were sold had a total recorded value of $13,058,000, and were sold for net proceeds of $14,973,000, resulting in the recovery of $575,000 of previously charged off principal balances, the recognition of
$1,237,000 of interest income from interest payments previously applied to principal balances on nonaccrual loans, and a gain on sale of $103,000. The $13,058,000 recorded value of these nonperforming loans was the result of contractual principal
balances outstanding of $17,169,000, less $1,578,000 of principal balances previously charged off, less $2,684,000 of interest payments previously applied to principal balances on nonaccrual loans, and the addition of $151,000 of unamortized loan
purchase premiums net of unearned deferred loan fees.    The nine substandard performing loans that were sold had a total recorded value of $9,508,000, and
were sold for net proceeds of $8,912,000, resulting in a net loan principal write down and charge off of $596,000. The $9,508,000 recorded value of these performing loans was the result of contractual principal balances outstanding of $10,438,000,
less $930,000 of unamortized loan purchase discounts and unearned deferred loan fees.    Prior to their sale, the three loans with deteriorated credit
quality acquired in a business combination were accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 310-30 using the  pooled method  of accounting for loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality. The Company classifies these
types of loans in a category of loan it refers to as Purchased Credit Impaired-other (PCI-other) loans. The combined contractual principal balance of the three PCI-other loans sold on March 31, 2016 was $3,880,000, and they were sold for net
proceeds of $3,164,000. The net sale proceeds of $3,164,000, along with other cash flows received on these loans during the three months ended March 31, 2016, represented a $446,000 decrease in estimated cash flows over their estimated remaining
lives when compared to their previous estimated cash flows as of December 31, 2015. Previously, these three PCI-other loans were expected to be resolved by September 30, 2017. As a result of the magnitude and timing of the decrease in estimated cash
flows for these three PCI-other loans, the loan pools associated with these PCI-other loans experienced an increase in interest income of $23,000 during the three months ended March 31, 2016, but are expected to realize a decrease in interest income
of $469,000 over the remaining lives of the associated loan pools when compared to projected interest income under the previous (December 31, 2015) estimated cash flows for these three PCI-other loans.  
 Also included in the Company s results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 is the impact of the purchase, on May
19, 2016, of seven single family residential real estate mortgage loans with total value of $22,503,000.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

  Also included in the Company s results of operations for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 is a
$1,450,000 litigation contingent liability expense accrual recorded during the three months ended June 30, 2016, and representing the Company s estimate of probable incurred losses associated with the legal proceedings originally brought
against the Company on September 15, 2014 and January 20, 2015, and described further under the heading   Legal Proceedings   at Note 18 in Item 1 of Part I of this report.  
 Also included in the Company s results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is the impact of the sale on August 22, 2016, of
two performing loans with recorded book value of $166,000, and 48 nonperforming loans with recorded book value, including pre-sale write downs and purchase discounts, of approximately $2,757,000. The loans sold on August 22, 2016 had
contractual amounts outstanding of $6,558,000. Net sale proceeds of $4,980,000 resulted in the recovery of loan balances previously charged off of $1,727,000, additional loan charge offs of $159,000, and interest income of $488,000 from the recovery
of interest payments previously applied to principal balances.    Also included in the Company s results of operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was a $716,000 valuation allowance expense related to a closed branch building held for sale, the value of which was written down to current market value, and subsequently sold during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Net
proceeds from the sale of this building were $1,218,000, and resulted in no gain or additional loss being recorded upon the sale of this building.     Net
Interest Income     The Company s primary source of revenue is net interest income, or the difference between interest income on interest-earning
assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Following is a summary of the components of net interest income for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands):      

   Net interest income (FTE) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2,565,000 (6.4%) from the same period in
2015 to $42,857,000. The increase in net interest income (FTE) was primarily due to a $242,284,000 (10.0%) increase in the average balance of loans to $2,669,954,000, and a $61,996,000 (95.5%) increase in the average balance of investments  
nontaxable to $126,910,000 that were partially offset by a 21 basis point decrease in the average yield on loans from 5.57% during the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 5.36% during the three months ended September 30, 2016, and a 20 basis
point decrease in the average yield on investments   taxable from 2.69% during the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 2.49% during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in average loan yields is primarily due to declines
in market yields on new and renewed loans compared to yields on repricing, maturing, and paid off loans. The decrease in the average yield of investments - taxable is primarily due to declines in market yields on new investments compared to yields
on existing investments, and to recent declines in mortgage rates that lead to an increase in mortgage refinancing activity that in turn lead to faster estimated mortgage prepayment speeds and an accelerated level of interest income-reducing premium
amortization on existing mortgage backed investment securities. The increases in average loan and investments - nontaxable balances added $3,374,000 and $761,000, respectively, to net interest income (FTE) while the decreases in average loan and
investments - taxable yields reduced net interest income (FTE) by $1,419,000 and $533,000, respectively, when compared to the year-ago quarter. Included in interest income from loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $2,229,000 of
discount accretion from purchased loans compared to $3,125,000 of discount accretion from purchased loans during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Included in interest income from loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was
the recovery of $488,000 of interest income that was previously applied to the principal balance of loans in nonaccrual status that were sold during the three months ended September 30, 2016. For more information related to loan interest income,
including loan purchase discount accretion, see the  Summary of Average Balances, Yields/Rates and Interest Differential  and Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements at Part I, Item 1 of this report.  
    Net interest income (FTE) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
$11,095,000 (9.6%) from the same period in 2015 to $126,542,000. The increase in net interest income (FTE) was primarily due to a $240,061,000 (10.2%) increase in the average balance of loans to $2,596,175,000, an $89,806,000 (9.1%) increase in the
average balance of investments   taxable to $1,075,413,000, and a $79,756,000 (184%) increase in the average balance of investments   nontaxable to $123,129,000 that were partially offset by an 11 basis point decrease in the average yield
on loans from 5.49% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 5.38% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and a 21 basis point decrease in the average yield on investments   taxable from 2.76% during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 to 2.55% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in average loan yields is primarily due to declines in market yields on new and renewed loans compared to yields on repricing, maturing, and paid off loans.
The decrease in the average yield of investments - taxable is primarily due to declines in market yields on new investments compared to yields on existing  
      50  

Table of Contents  

investments, and to recent declines in mortgage rates that lead to an increase in mortgage refinancing activity that in turn lead to faster estimated mortgage prepayment speeds and an accelerated
level of interest income-reducing premium amortization on existing mortgage backed investment securities. The increases in average loan, investments   nontaxable, and investments - nontaxable balances added $9,885,000, $1,859,000, and
$2,895,000, respectively, to net interest income (FTE) while the decreases in average loan and investments - taxable yields reduced net interest income (FTE) by $2,038,000 and $1,745,000, respectively, when compared to the year-ago quarter. Included
in interest income from loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $5,621,000 of discount accretion from purchased loans compared to $7,789,000 of discount accretion from purchased loans during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Included in interest income from loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was the recovery of $1,725,000 of interest income that was previously applied to the principal balance of loans in nonaccrual status that were sold
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. For more information related to loan interest income, including loan purchase discount accretion, see the  Summary of Average Balances, Yields/Rates and Interest Differential  and Note 30
to the consolidated financial statements at Part I, Item 1 of this report.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

   Summary of Average Balances, Yields/Rates and Interest Differential   
 The following tables present, for the periods indicated, information regarding the Company s consolidated average assets, liabilities and
shareholders  equity, the amounts of interest income from average interest-earning assets and resulting yields, and the amount of interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Average loan balances include nonperforming loans. Interest
income includes proceeds from loans on nonaccrual loans only to the extent cash payments have been received and applied to interest income. Yields on securities and certain loans have been adjusted upward to reflect the effect of income thereon
exempt from federal income taxation at the current statutory tax rate (dollars in thousands).      

(1)    
   Net interest spread represents the average yield earned on interest-earning assets minus the average rate paid on
 interest-bearing  liabilities.    

(2)   
 Net interest margin is computed by calculating the difference between interest income and interest expense, divided by the average balance of  interest-earning  assets.
   
      52  

Table of Contents  

   Summary of Changes in Interest Income and Expense due to Changes in Average Asset and Liability Balances and
Yields Earned and Rates Paid     The following tables set forth a summary of the changes in interest income and interest expense from changes in average
asset and liability balances (volume) and changes in average interest rates for the periods indicated. Changes not solely attributable to volume or rates have been allocated in proportion to the respective volume and rate components (in thousands).
     
    Provision for Loan Losses   
 The provision for loan losses during any period is the sum of the allowance for loan losses required at the end of the period and any loan charge offs during
the period, less the allowance for loan losses required at the beginning of the period, and less any loan recoveries during the period. See the Tables labeled   Allowance for loan losses   three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015   at Note 5 in Item 1 of Part I of this report for the components that make up the provision for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 The Company recorded a reversal of provision for loan losses of $3,973,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of
provision for loan losses of $866,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $3,973,000 reversal of provision for loan losses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to net loan recoveries of $1,568,000
associated with the sale of loans on August 22, 2016, additional net loan recoveries of $380,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, net credit quality upgrades of substandard performing loans, and continued low historical
loan loss experience, that were partially offset by the effect of a $58,596,000 (2.2%) increase in loan balances during the three months ended September 30, 2016. A $30,465,000 (20.4%) decrease in construction loans outstanding during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 also contributed to a decrease in the required allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016, and the reversal of provision for loan losses during the three months ended September 30, 2016. As shown in the
Table labeled   Allowance for Loan Losses - three months ended September 30, 2016   at Note 5 in Item 1 of Part I of this report, all loan categories except other consumer and C I experienced a benefit from reversal
of provision for loan losses during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The level of provision, or reversal of provision, for loan losses of each loan category during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to
the increase or decrease in the required allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016 when compared to the required allowance for loan losses as of March 31, 2016 plus or minus net charge-offs or net recoveries during the three
months ended September 30, 2016. All categories of loans except home equity loans experienced a decrease in the required allowance for loan losses during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The decreases in the required allowance
for loan losses for all loan categories except home equity loans was primarily due to principal pay downs and increases in estimated collateral values for certain impaired originated and purchased loans in these categories. Increases and decreases
in estimated cash flows and collateral values, and  
      53  

Table of Contents  

changes in historical loss factors, in part, determine the required loan loss allowance for nonperforming and performing loans in accordance with the Company s allowance for loan losses
methodology as described under the heading   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses   at Note 1 in Item 1 of Part I of this report. For details of the change in nonperforming loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 see the
Tables, and associated narratives, labeled   Changes in nonperforming assets during the three months ended September 30, 2016   under the heading   Asset Quality and Non-Performing Assets   below.  
 The Company recorded a reversal of provision for loan losses of $4,537,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of provision
for loan losses of $1,302,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $4,537,000 reversal of provision for loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to net loan recoveries of $1,568,000 associated
with the sale of loans on August 22, 2016, additional net loan recoveries of $442,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net credit quality upgrades of substandard performing loans, and continued low historical loan loss experience,
that were partially offset by the effect of a $189,289,000 (7.5%) increase in loan balances during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As shown in the Table labeled   Allowance for Loan Losses - nine months ended September 30,
2016   at Note 5 in Item 1 of Part I of this report, all loan categories except RE mortgage   commercial, other consumer, C I, and construction - residential experienced a benefit from reversal of provision for loan losses during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The level of provision, or reversal of provision, for loan losses of each loan category during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the increase or decrease in the required allowance
for loan losses as of September 30, 2016 when compared to the required allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2015 plus or minus net charge-offs or net recoveries during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. All categories of loans except
RE mortgage   commercial, and construction - residential experienced a decrease in the required allowance for loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decreases in the required allowance for loan losses for all loan
categories except RE mortgage   commercial, and construction - residential was primarily due to principal pay downs and increases in estimated collateral values for certain impaired originated and purchased loans in these categories. Increases
and decreases in estimated cash flows and collateral values, and changes in historical loss factors, in part, determine the required loan loss allowance for nonperforming and performing loans in accordance with the Company s allowance for loan
losses methodology as described under the heading   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses   at Note 1 in Item 1 of Part I of this report. For details of the change in nonperforming loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
see the Tables, and associated narratives, labeled   Changes in nonperforming assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2016   under the heading   Asset Quality and Non-Performing Assets   below.  
 The provision for loan losses related to originated and PNCI loans is based on management s evaluation of inherent risks in these loan portfolios and a
corresponding analysis of the allowance for loan losses. The provision for loan losses related to PCI loan portfolio is based on changes in estimated cash flows expected to be collected on PCI loans. Additional discussion on loan quality, our
procedures to measure loan impairment, and the allowance for loan losses is provided under the heading   Asset Quality and  Non-Performing  Assets   below.  
 Management re-evaluates the loss ratios and other assumptions used in its calculation of the allowance for loan losses for its originated and PNCI loan
portfolios on a quarterly basis and makes changes as appropriate based upon, among other things, changes in loss rates experienced, collateral support for underlying loans, changes and trends in the economy, and changes in the loan mix. Management
also re-evaluates expected cash flows used in its accounting for its PCI loan portfolio, including any required allowance for loan losses, on a quarterly basis and makes changes as appropriate based upon, among other things, changes in loan
repayment experience, changes in loss rates experienced, and collateral support for underlying loans.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

   Noninterest Income   
 The following table summarizes the Company s noninterest income for the periods indicated (in thousands):  
   
   Noninterest income decreased $576,000 (4.9%) to $11,066,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in noninterest income was primarily due to a $738,000 decrease in other noninterest income, a $287,000 decrease in gain on sale of foreclosed assets, and a $214,000 decrease in change in value
of mortgage servicing rights, that were partially offset by a $507,000 increase in ATM fees and interchange revenue, and a $231,000 increase in gain on sale of loans. The $738,000 decrease in other noninterest income was primarily due to the
recovery, during the three months ended September 30, 2015, of $870,000 of recoveries of loans from acquired institutions that were charged off prior to acquisition of those institutions by the Company. As such, these  pre-acquisition
charge offs  were properly not recorded by the Company, and any related recoveries are recorded in other noninterest income by the Company. Such recoveries are unusual, and none occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The
$287,000 decrease in gain on sale of foreclosed assets was due to a decrease in the number and balance of foreclosed assets, and the relative valuations of foreclosed assets during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The $214,000 decrease in change in value of mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) is primarily due to a change in the required rate of return on MSRs by market participants that reduced the value of such MSRs during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a smaller decrease in the value of MSRs during the three months ended September 30, 2015 that was primarily due to a decrease in estimated future MSR cash flows as a result of reduced mortgage
rates and higher rates of early mortgage payoffs from mortgage refinancing. The $507,000 increase in ATM fees and interchange revenue was primarily due to the Company s increased focus in this area, including the introduction of new services in
this area during the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The $231,000 increase in gain on sale of loans was due to continued high levels of refinance and home purchase activity, and increased focus in this area by the Company when compared to the year-ago
quarter. The changes in noninterest income include the effects from the operation of three branches, including $161,231,000 of deposits, acquired from Bank of America on March 18, 2016.  
 Noninterest income decreased $1,801,000 (5.3%) to $32,101,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The decrease in noninterest income was primarily due to a $700,000 decrease in other noninterest income, a $564,000 decrease in gain on sale of foreclosed assets, a $671,000 decrease in commissions on the sale of  non-deposit  investment products (NDIPs), and a $1,628,000 decrease in change in value of mortgage servicing rights, that were partially offset by a $1,407,000 increase in ATM fees and interchange revenue, and a
$464,000 increase in gain on sale of loans. The $700,000 decrease in other noninterest income was primarily due to the recovery, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, of $870,000 of recoveries of loans from acquired institutions that
were charged off prior to acquisition of those institutions by the Company. As such, these  pre-acquisition charge offs  were properly not recorded by the Company, and any related recoveries are recorded in other noninterest income by the
Company. Such recoveries are unusual, and none occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The $564,000 decrease in gain on sale of foreclosed assets was due to a decrease in the number and balance of foreclosed assets, and the
relative valuations of foreclosed assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $1,628,000 decrease in change in value of mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) is primarily due to a
change in the required rate of return on MSRs by market participants that reduced the value of such MSRs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a smaller decrease in the value of MSRs during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 that was primarily due to a decrease in estimated future MSR cash flows as a result of reduced mortgage rates and higher rates of early mortgage payoffs from mortgage refinancing. The $1,407,000 increase in ATM fees and
interchange revenue was primarily due to the Company s increased focus in this area, including the introduction of new services in this area during the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The $464,000 increase in gain on sale of loans was due to
continued high levels of refinance and home purchase activity, and increased focus in this area by the Company when compared to the year-ago quarter. The changes in noninterest income include the effects from the operation of three branches,
including $161,231,000 of deposits, acquired from Bank of America on March 18, 2016.  
      55  

Table of Contents  

   Noninterest Expense   
 The following table summarizes the Company s noninterest expense for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands):  
   
   Salary and benefit expenses increased $3,327,000 (19.0%) to $20,860,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $17,533,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Base salaries, overtime and temporary help, net of deferred loan origination costs increased $1,857,000 (16.1%) to $13,419,000. Base salaries, net of deferred loan
origination costs increased $1,502,000 (13.4%) to $12,747,000 primarily due to annual merit increases, and an increase in average full-time equivalent employees of 88 (9.4%) to 1,022 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Overtime
expense increased $107,000 to $405,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Temporary help expense increased $248,000 to $267,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company incurred $109,000 of nonrecurring    overtime expense and $179,000 of nonrecurring temporary help expense related to various information and customer
service system conversions. These system conversions were initiated during the three months ended September 2016, and were completed on October 24, 2016. Commissions and incentive compensation increased $1,124,000 (67.1%) to $2,798,000 during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. All categories of incentive compensation expense were higher than the year-ago quarter except commission expense related to the sale of nondeposit investment products. The increases in the other categories
of incentive compensation, compared to the year-ago quarter, were primarily due to increased loan production and other performance measures to which incentive compensation is tied compared to such measures in the year-ago quarter. Benefits  
other compensation expense increased $346,000 (8.1%) to $4,643,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to the increases in average full-time equivalent employees and salaries expense, and their effects on group insurance
and employer payroll tax expenses.    Salary and benefit expenses increased $7,295,000 (13.8%) to $60,170,000 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $52,875,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Base salaries, overtime and temporary help, net of deferred loan origination costs increased $4,287,000 (12.3%) to $39,095,000. Base salaries, net of deferred loan
origination costs increased $3,297,000 (9.8%) to $37,088,000 primarily due to annual merit increases, and an increase in average full-time equivalent employees of 48 (5.1%) to 1,022 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Overtime expense
increased $23,000 (2.3%) to $1,000,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Temporary help expense increased $967,000 to $1,007,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine
 
      56  

Table of Contents  

months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $109,000 of nonrecurring overtime expense and $179,000 of nonrecurring temporary help expense related to various information and customer
service system conversions. These system conversions were initiated during the three months ended September 2016, and were completed on October 24, 2016. Commissions and incentive compensation increased $2,347,000 (50.4%) to $7,008,000 during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. All categories of incentive compensation expense were higher than the year-ago nine months ended September 30 except commission expense related to the sale of nondeposit investment products. The
increases in the other categories of incentive compensation, compared to the  year-ago  period, were primarily due to increased loan production and other performance measures to which incentive compensation is
tied compared to such measures in the year-ago period. Benefits   other compensation expense increased $662,000 (4.9%) to $14,068,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to the increases in average full-time
equivalent employees and salaries expense, and their effects on group insurance and employer payroll tax expenses.    Other noninterest expense increased
$2,650,000 (19.1%) to $16,556,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $2,650,000 increase in other noninterest expense was primarily due to a $716,000 expense related to a
closed branch building, the value of which was written down to current market value, and subsequently sold during the three months ended September 30, 2016, a $593,000 increase in miscellaneous other expense, a $376,000 increase in ATM network
charges, a $296,000 increase in operational losses, a $199,000 increase in data processing and software expense, and a $190,000 increase in Equipment expense. The $593,000 increase in miscellaneous other noninterest expense included a $126,000
(69.8%) increase in debit card production and transaction processing expense, and a $98,000 (30.4%) increase in business meals and travel expense. Small increases in many other types of miscellaneous other noninterest expense accounted for the rest
of the $593,000 increase in miscellaneous other noninterest expense. Included in miscellaneous other noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $25,000 of nonrecurring training and business travel expenses related to
the system conversions noted above. Included in other noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $36,000 of nonrecurring ATM network charges related to the system conversions noted above. The $296,000 increase in
operational losses was primarily due to an increase in losses from fraudulent ATM and point of sale transactions. The $199,000 increase in data processing and software expense was primarily due to increased use of outsourced data processing
services. The $190,000 increase in equipment expense was primarily due to increased depreciation and rental expense from recently purchased and rented equipment and furniture.  
 Other noninterest expense increased $5,982,000 (13.8%) to $49,264,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Included in other noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was a litigation contingent liability expense of $1,450,000 associated with the matters described under the heading   Legal
Proceedings   at Note 18 in Item 1 of Part I of this report. Also included in the results of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $784,000 of nonrecurring noninterest expense related to the Company s
acquisition of three bank branches from Bank of America on March 18, 2016. Included in the results of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $586,000 of nonrecurring noninterest expense related to the Company s
merger with, and integration of, North Valley Bancorp that occurred on October 3, 2014. Also contributing to the increase in other noninterest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 were a $611,000 (10.8%) increase in data processing and software expense, a $479,000 (11.0%) increase in equipment expense, a $493,000 increase in provision for losses on unfunded commitments, and a $629,000 (25.0%) increase in
ATM network charges. The increase in data processing and software expense was primarily due to increased use of outside data processing services. The increase in equipment expense was primarily due to increase maintenance and repair expense
associated with facilities maintenance. The increase in provision for losses on unfunded commitments was primarily due to a larger increase in unfunded construction loan commitments from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 than from
December 31, 2014 to September 30, 2015. The increase in ATM network charges was primarily due to increased customer usage of the Company s ATM and interchange services.  
  Income Taxes     The following tables show the items that
reconcile the Company s effective tax rate to the Federal statutory tax rate for the periods indicated:      
 
      57  

Table of Contents  

    Financial Condition    
  Investment Securities     Investment securities available
for sale increased $105,324,000 to $510,209,000 as of September 30, 2016, as compared to December 31, 2015. This increase is attributable to purchases of $143,715,000, maturities and principal repayments of $47,722,000, an increase in fair
value of investments securities available for sale of $11,240,000 and amortization of net purchase price premiums of $1,909,000.    The following table
presents the available for sale investment securities portfolio by major type as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Investment securities held to maturity decreased $85,381,000 to $641,149,000 as of September 30, 2016, as compared to
December 31, 2015. This decrease is attributable to principal repayments of $83,665,000, and amortization of net purchase price premiums of $1,716,000.  
 The following table presents the held to maturity investment securities portfolio by major type as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  
   
   Additional information about the investment portfolio is provided in Note 3 of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report.     Restricted Equity Securities   
 Restricted equity securities were $16,956,000 at September 30, 2016 and $16,956,000 at December 31, 2015. The entire balance of restricted equity
securities at September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 represent the Bank s investment in the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco ( FHLB ).  
 Additional information about the restricted equity securities is provided in Note 1 of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements at
Item 1 of Part I of this report.     Loans     The Bank
concentrates its lending activities in four principal areas: real estate mortgage loans (residential and commercial loans), consumer loans, commercial loans (including agricultural loans), and real estate construction loans. The interest rates
charged for the loans made by the Bank vary with the degree of risk, the size and maturity of the loans, the borrower s relationship with the Bank and prevailing money market rates indicative of the Bank s cost of funds.  
 The majority of the Bank s loans are direct loans made to individuals, farmers and local businesses. The Bank relies substantially on local promotional
activity and personal contacts by bank officers, directors and employees to compete with other financial institutions. The Bank makes loans to borrowers whose applications include a sound purpose, a viable repayment source and a plan of repayment
established at inception and generally backed by a secondary source of repayment.     
 The following table shows the Company s loan balances, including net deferred loan costs, as of the dates indicated:  
   
   At September 30, 2016 loans, including net deferred loan costs, totaled $2,712,226,000 which was a $189,289,000 (7.50%)
increase over the balances at December 31, 2015. The increase in loan balances from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 was primarily due to organic loan growth, but included the sale of $24,810,000 of nonperforming loans on March 31, 2016,
the purchase of performing multifamily commercial real estate loans valued at $22,503,000 on May 19, 2016, and the sale of $166,000 performing and $2,757,000 nonperforming loans on August 22, 2016. Demand for all categories of loans was strong
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
      58  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the Company s loan balances, including net deferred loan costs, as a percentage of
total loans for the periods indicated:      
    Assets Quality and Nonperforming Assets   
  Nonperforming Assets     Loans originated by the Company,
i.e., not purchased or acquired in a business combination, are referred to as originated loans. Originated loans are reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs. Loan origination and commitment fees
and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred, and the net amount is amortized as an adjustment of the related loan s yield over the actual life of the loan. Originated loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued
are designated as nonaccrual loans.   Originated loans are placed in nonaccrual status when reasonable doubt exists as to the full, timely collection of
interest or principal, or a loan becomes contractually past due by 90 days or more with respect to interest or principal and is not well secured and in the process of collection. When an originated loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest
previously accrued but not collected is reversed. Income on such loans is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received and where the future collection of principal is probable. Interest accruals are resumed on such loans only when they
are brought fully current with respect to interest and principal and when, in the judgment of Management, the loan is estimated to be fully collectible as to both principal and interest. 
 An allowance for loan losses for originated loans is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Originated loans and deposit
related overdrafts are charged against the allowance for loan losses when Management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely or, with respect to consumer installment loans, according to an established delinquency schedule. The
allowance is an amount that Management believes will be adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in existing loans and leases, based on evaluations of the collectability, impairment and prior loss experience of loans and leases. The
evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and size of the portfolio, overall portfolio quality, loan concentrations, specific problem loans, and current economic conditions that may affect the borrower s
ability to pay. The Company defines an originated loan as impaired when it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired originated loans are measured based on
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate. As a practical expedient, impairment may be measured based on the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral
if the loan is collateral dependent. When the measure of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the impairment is recorded through a valuation allowance. 
 In situations related to originated loans where, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Company grants a
concession for other than an insignificant period of time to the borrower that the Company would not otherwise consider, the related loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). The Company strives to identify borrowers in financial
difficulty early and work with them to modify to more affordable terms before their loan reaches nonaccrual status. These modified terms may include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, payment forbearance and other actions intended to minimize
the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. In cases where the Company grants the borrower new terms that result in the loan being classified as a TDR, the Company measures any impairment on the restructuring as
noted above for impaired loans. TDR loans are classified as impaired until they are fully paid off or charged off. Loans that are in nonaccrual status at the time they become TDR loans, remain in nonaccrual status until the borrower demonstrates a
sustained period of performance which the Company generally believes to be six consecutive months of payments, or equivalent. Otherwise, TDR loans are subject to the same nonaccrual and charge-off policies as noted above with respect to their
restructured principal balance.    Credit risk is inherent in the business of lending. As a result, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses
to absorb losses inherent in the Company s originated loan portfolio. This is maintained through periodic charges to earnings. These charges are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income as provision for loan losses. All
specifically identifiable and quantifiable losses are immediately charged off against the allowance. However, for a variety of reasons, not all losses are immediately known to the Company and, of those that are known, the full extent of the loss may
not be quantifiable at that point in time. The balance of the Company s allowance for originated loan losses is meant to be an estimate of these unknown but probable losses inherent in the portfolio. 
 The Company formally assesses the adequacy of the allowance for originated loan losses on a quarterly basis. Determination of the adequacy is based on
ongoing assessments of the probable risk in the outstanding originated loan portfolio, and to a lesser extent the Company s originated loan commitments. These assessments include the periodic re-grading of credits based on changes in their
individual credit characteristics including delinquency, seasoning, recent financial performance of the borrower, economic factors, changes in the interest rate environment, growth of the portfolio as a whole or by segment, and other factors as
warranted. Loans are initially graded when originated. They are re-graded as they are renewed, when there is a new loan to the same borrower, when identified facts demonstrate heightened risk of nonpayment, or if they become delinquent. Re-grading
of larger problem loans occurs at least quarterly. Confirmation of the quality of the grading process is obtained by independent credit reviews conducted by consultants specifically hired for this purpose and by various bank regulatory agencies.
 
      59  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s method for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance for originated loan losses includes
specific allowances for impaired originated loans and leases, formula allowance factors for pools of credits, and allowances for changing environmental factors (e.g., interest rates, growth, economic conditions, etc.). Allowance factors for loan
pools were based on historical loss experience by product type and prior risk rating.   Loans purchased or acquired in a business combination are referred
to as acquired loans. Acquired loans are valued as of acquisition date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( FASB ASC ) Topic 805,  Business Combinations . Loans acquired with
evidence of credit deterioration since origination for which it is probable that all contractually required payments will not be collected are referred to as purchased credit impaired (PCI) loans. PCI loans are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic
310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality . Under FASB ASC Topic 805 and FASB ASC Topic 310-30, PCI loans are recorded at fair value at acquisition date, factoring in credit losses expected to be incurred over
the life of the loan. Accordingly, an allowance for loan losses is not carried over or recorded as of the acquisition date. Fair value is defined as the present value of the future estimated principal and interest payments of the loan, with the
discount rate used in the present value calculation representing the estimated effective yield of the loan. Default rates, loss severity, and prepayment speed assumptions are periodically reassessed and our estimate of future payments is adjusted
accordingly. The difference between contractual future payments and estimated future payments is referred to as the nonaccretable difference. The difference between estimated future payments and the present value of the estimated future payments is
referred to as the accretable yield. The accretable yield represents the amount that is expected to be recorded as interest income over the remaining life of the loan. If after acquisition, the Company determines that the estimated future
cash flows of a PCI loan are expected to be more than the originally estimated, an increase in the discount rate (effective yield) would be made such that the newly increased accretable yield would be recognized, on a level yield basis, over the
remaining estimated life of the loan. If, after acquisition, the Company determines that the estimated future cash flows of a PCI loan are expected to be less than the previously estimated, the discount rate would first be reduced until the present
value of the reduced cash flow estimate equals the previous present value however, the discount rate may not be lowered below its original level at acquisition. If the discount rate has been lowered to its original level and the present value has
not been sufficiently lowered, an allowance for loan loss would be established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense to decrease the present value to the required level. If the estimated cash flows improve after an allowance has
been established for a loan, the allowance may be partially or fully reversed depending on the improvement in the estimated cash flows. Only after the allowance has been fully reversed may the discount rate be increased. PCI loans are put on
nonaccrual status when cash flows cannot be reasonably estimated. PCI loans on nonaccrual status are accounted for using the cost recovery method or cash basis method of income recognition. PCI loans are charged off when evidence suggests cash flows
are not recoverable. Foreclosed assets from PCI loans are recorded in foreclosed assets at fair value with the fair value at time of foreclosure representing cash flow from the loan. ASC 310-30 allows PCI loans with similar risk characteristics and
acquisition time frame to be  pooled  and have their cash flows aggregated as if they were one loan. The Company elected to use the  pooled  method of ASC 310-30 for PCI   other loans in the acquisition of certain
assets and liabilities of Granite and Citizens.    Acquired loans that are not PCI loans are referred to as purchased not credit impaired (PNCI) loans. PNCI
loans are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 310-20,  Receivables   Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs,  in which interest income is accrued on a level-yield basis for performing loans. For income recognition purposes, this method assumes
that all contractual cash flows will be collected, and no allowance for loan losses is established at the time of acquistion. Post-acquisition date, an allowance for loan losses may need to be established for acquired loans through a provision
charged to earnings for credit losses incurred subsequent to acquisition. Under ASC 310-20, the loss would be measured based on the probable shortfall in relation to the contractual note requirements, consistent with our allowance for loan loss
policy for similar loans.    When referring to PNCI and PCI loans we use the terms  nonaccretable difference ,  accretable yield , or
 purchase discount . Nonaccretable difference is the difference between undiscounted contractual cash flows due and undiscounted cash flows we expect to collect, or put another way, it is the undiscounted contractual cash flows we do not
expect to collect. Accretable yield is the difference between undiscounted cash flows we expect to collect and the value at which we have recorded the loan on our financial statements. On the date of acquisition, all purchased loans are
recorded on our consolidated financial statements at estimated fair value. Purchase discount is the difference between the estimated fair value of loans on the date of acquisition and the principal amount owed by the borrower, net of charge offs, on
the date of acquisition. We may also refer to  discounts to principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs . Discounts to principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs is the difference between principal balance of loans
owed, net of charge-offs, and loans as recorded on our financial statements. Discounts to principal balance of loans owed, net of charge-offs arise from purchase discounts, and equal the purchase discount on the acquisition date.  
 Loans are also categorized as  covered  or  noncovered . Covered loans refer to loans covered by a FDIC loss sharing agreement. Noncovered
loans refer to loans not covered by a FDIC loss sharing agreement.   Originated loans and PNCI loans are reviewed on an individual basis for
reclassification to nonaccrual status when any one of the following occurs: the loan becomes 90 days past due as to interest or principal, the full and timely collection of additional interest or principal becomes uncertain, the loan is classified
as doubtful by internal credit review or bank regulatory agencies, a portion of the principal balance has been charged off, or the Company takes possession of the collateral. Loans that are placed on nonaccrual even though the borrowers continue to
repay the loans as scheduled are classified as  performing nonaccrual  and are included in total nonperforming loans. The reclassification of loans as nonaccrual does not necessarily reflect Management s judgment as to whether they
are collectible.    Interest income on originated nonaccrual loans that would have been recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, if all such loans had been current in accordance with their original terms, totaled $222,000 and $488,000, respectively. Interest income actually recognized on these originated loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
was $227,000 and $20,000, respectively. Interest income on PNCI nonaccrual loans that would have been recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, if all such loans had been current in accordance with their original terms,
totaled $(42,000) and $58,000. Interest income actually recognized on these PNCI loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,000 and $(4,000). 
      60  

Table of Contents  

  Interest income on originated nonaccrual loans that would have been recognized during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, if all such loans had been current in accordance with their original terms, totaled $689,000 and $1,452,000, respectively. Interest income actually recognized on these originated loans during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $256,000 and $79,000, respectively. Interest income on PNCI nonaccrual loans that would have been recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, if all such loans had been current in accordance
with their original terms, totaled $137,000 and $282,000. Interest income actually recognized on these PNCI loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,000 and $81,000. 
 The Company s policy is to place originated loans and PNCI loans 90 days or more past due on nonaccrual status. In some instances when an originated loan
is 90 days past due Management does not place it on nonaccrual status because the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. A loan is considered to be in the process of collection if, based on a probable specific event, it is expected
that the loan will be repaid or brought current. Generally, this collection period would not exceed 30 days. Loans where the collateral has been repossessed are classified as foreclosed assets. Management considers both the adequacy of the
collateral and the other resources of the borrower in determining the steps to be taken to collect nonaccrual loans. Alternatives that are considered are foreclosure, collecting on guarantees, restructuring the loan or collection lawsuits.  
 The following table sets forth the amount of the Bank s nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated. For purposes of the following table,  PCI
  other  loans that are 90 days past due and still accruing are not considered nonperforming loans.  Performing nonaccrual loans  are loans that may be current for both principal and interest payments, or are less than 90 days
past due, but for which payment in full of both principal and interest is not expected, and are not well secured and in the process of collection:      
 
      61  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the amount of the Bank s nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated. For
purposes of the following table,  PCI   other  loans that are 90 days past due and still accruing are not considered nonperforming loans.  Performing nonaccrual loans  are loans that may be current for both principal and
interest payments, or are less than 90 days past due, but for which payment in full of both principal and interest is not expected, and are not well secured and in the process of collection:  
   
   The following table set forth the amount of the Bank s nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated. For purposes of
the following table,  PCI   other  loans that are 90 days past due and still accruing are not considered nonperforming loans.  Performing nonaccrual loans  are loans that may be current for both principal and interest
payments, or are less than 90 days past due, but for which payment in full of both principal and interest is not expected, and are not well secured and in the process of collection:  

62  

Table of Contents  

   Changes in nonperforming assets during the three months ended September 30, 2016   
   
   Nonperforming assets increased during the third quarter of 2016 by $1,257,000 (5.3%) to $25,076,000 at September 30, 2016
compared to $23,819,000 at June 30, 2016. The increase in nonperforming assets during the third quarter of 2016 was primarily the result of new nonperforming loans of $7,585,000, advances on existing nonperforming loans and capitalized costs on
foreclosed assets of $582,000, less pay-downs, sales or upgrades of nonperforming loans to performing status totaling $5,550,000, less dispositions of foreclosed assets totaling $810,000, less loan charge-offs of $541,000, and less write-downs of
foreclosed assets of $9,000.    The $7,585,000 in new nonperforming loans during the third quarter of 2016 was comprised of increases of $37,000 on one
residential real estate loan, $5,456,000 on two commercial real estate loans, $1,053,000 on 15 home equity lines and loans, $43,000 on 10 other consumer loans, and $996,000 on 12 C I loans.  
 The $5,456,000 in new nonperforming commercial real estate loans was primarily made up of one loan in the amount of $5,209,000 secured by a commercial
warehouse property in central California. Related charge-offs are discussed below.    The $996,000 in new C I loans was primarily comprised of one
loan in the amount of $347,000 secured by crop proceeds in northern California. Related charge-offs are discussed below.    The $5,550,000 in pay-downs,
sales or upgrades of loans in the third quarter of 2016 was comprised of decreases of $1,350,000 on 22 residential real estate loans, $2,136,000 on 17 commercial real estate loans, $2,033,000 on 124 home equity lines and loans, $4,000 on four
consumer loans, and 27,000 on six C I loans.    The $2,136,000 reduction in nonperforming commercial real estate loans was primarily made up of one
payoff in the amount of $744,000 on one loan secured by a commercial multifamily residential property in central California, a payoff on two loans secured by agricultural production land in central California totaling $816,000, and a payoff on one
loan secured by a commercial retail property in northern California in the amount of $375,000.     Loan charge-offs during the three months ended
September 30, 2016     In the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded $541,000 in loan charge-offs and $123,000 in deposit overdraft charge-offs less
$2,541,000 in loan recoveries and $71,000 in deposit overdraft recoveries resulting in $1,948,000 of net recoveries. Primary causes of the loan charges taken in the third quarter of 2016 were gross charge-offs of $51,000 on three residential real
estate loans, $148,000 on nine home equity lines and loans, $35,000 on nine other consumer loans, and $307,000 on eight C I loans. During the third quarter of 2016, there were no individual charges greater than $250,000.  
      63  

Table of Contents  

   Changes in nonperforming assets during the three months ended June 30, 2016   
   
   Nonperforming assets decreased during the second quarter of 2016 by $4,686,000 (16.4%) to $23,819,000 at June 30, 2016
compared to $28,505,000 at March 31, 2016. The decrease in nonperforming assets during the second quarter of 2016 was primarily the result of new nonperforming loans of $1,810,000, advances on existing nonperforming loans and capitalized costs on
foreclosed assets of $184,000, less pay-downs, sales or upgrades of nonperforming loans to performing status totaling $5,148,000, less dispositions of foreclosed assets totaling $1,023,000, less loan charge-offs of $466,000, and less write-downs of
foreclosed assets of $43,000.    The $1,810,000 in new nonperforming loans during the second quarter of 2016 was comprised of increases of $306,000 on two
residential real estate loans, $729,000 on three commercial real estate loans, 622,000 on 10 home equity lines and loans, 58,000 on 12 other consumer loans, and $95,000 on three C I loans.  
 The $306,000 in new nonperforming residential real estate loans was primarily comprised of one loan in the amount of $258,000 secured by a single family
residence in northern California. Related charge-offs are discussed below.    The $729,000 in new nonperforming commercial real estate loans was primarily
made up of one loan in the amount of $286,000 secured by a commercial restaurant property in central California. Related charge-offs are discussed below.  
 The $5,148,000 in pay-downs, sales or upgrades of loans in the second quarter of 2016 was comprised of decreases of $925,000 on 35 residential real estate
loans, $1,153,000 on 18 commercial real estate loans, $1,264,000 on 128 home equity lines and loans, $26,000 on eight consumer loans, $1,779,000 on seven C I loans, and $1,000 on a single residential construction loan.  
 The $1,153,000 reduction in nonperforming commercial real estate loans was primarily made up of one payoff in the amount of $491,000 on one loan secured by a
commercial manufacturing property in northern California, and a payoff on one loan secured by a commercial retail property in northern California in the amount of $478,000.  
 The $1,779,000 in reduction in nonperforming C I loans was primarily made up of the payoff of one loan in northern  
 California in the amount of $1,273,000 secured by crop proceeds and a pay-down in the amount of $498,000 on a single loan in northern California secured by
general business assets.     Loan charge-offs during the three months ended June 30, 2016   
 In the second quarter of 2016, the Company recorded $466,000 in loan charge-offs and $176,000 in deposit overdraft charge-offs less $456,000 in loan recoveries
and $80,000 in deposit overdraft recoveries resulting in $106,000 of net charge-offs. Primary causes of the loan charges taken in the second quarter of 2016 were gross charge-offs of $124,000 on one residential real estate loan, $208,000 on seven
home equity lines and loans, $58,000 on 12 other consumer loans, and $95,000 on two C I loans. During the second quarter of 2016, there were no individual charges greater than $250,000.  
      64  

Table of Contents  

   Changes in nonperforming assets during the three months ended March 31, 2016   
   
   Nonperforming assets decreased during the first quarter of 2016 by $13,983,000 (32.9%) to $28,505,000 at March 31, 2016
compared to $42,488,000 at December 31, 2015. The decrease in nonperforming assets during the first quarter of 2016 was primarily the result of sales or upgrades of nonperforming loans to performing status totaling $15,122,000, dispositions of
foreclosed assets totaling $1,325,000, and loan charge-offs of $1,168,000, that were partially offset by new nonperforming loans of $3,327,000, advances on existing nonperforming loans and capitalized costs on foreclosed assets of $294,000, and an
increase in foreclosed asset valuation of $11,000, the net result of $60,000 of write-downs and $71,000 of positive adjustments to foreclosed asset valuations.  
 On March 31, 2016, the Company sold 27 nonperforming loans with total recorded value of $13,058,000 for net proceeds of $14,973,000, resulting in the recovery
of $575,000 of previously charged off principal balances, the recognition of $1,237,000 of interest income from interest payments previously applied to principal balances on nonaccrual loans, and a gain on sale of $103,000. The $13,058,000 recorded
value of these nonperforming loans was the result of contractual principal balances outstanding of $17,169,000, less $1,578,000 of principal balances previously charged off, less $2,684,000 of interest payments previously applied to principal
balances on nonaccrual loans, and the addition of $151,000 of unamortized loan purchase premiums net of unearned deferred loan fees.    Of the 27
nonperforming loans sold during the quarter, one was a commercial real estate loan with a recorded value of $94,000 secured by unimproved real estate in northern California, one was a commercial real estate loan with a recorded value of $630,000
secured by multifamily real estate in northern California, one was a commercial real estate loan with a recorded value of $78,000 secured by a commercial office building in central California, six were commercial real estate loans with a total
recorded value of $5,897,000 secured by commercial retail buildings in northern California, seven were commercial real estate loans with a total recorded value of $4,393,000 secured by commercial warehouse buildings in central California, three were
commercial real estate loans with a total recorded value of $478,000 secured by commercial manufacturing buildings in central California, one was a commercial real estate loan with a recorded value of $162,000 secured by a commercial manufacturing
building in northern California, one was a commercial real estate loan with a recorded value of $516,000 secured by a fitness center in northern California, two were commercial real estate loans with a total recorded value of $659,000 secured by
hospitality real estate in northern California, two were commercial real estate loans with a total recorded value of $144,000 secured by multi-use properties in northern California, one was a home equity line of credit with a recorded value of
$1,000 secured by a single family residence in central California, and one was a commercial and industrial loan with a recorded value of $6,000 secured by miscellaneous non real estate business assets in central California.  
 The $3,327,000 in new nonperforming loans during the first quarter of 2016 was comprised of increases of $380,000 on three residential real estate loans,
$1,038,000 on seven commercial real estate loans, $520,000 on seven home equity lines and loans, $79,000 on 10 consumer loans, and $1,310,000 on four C I loans.  
 The $380,000 in new nonperforming residential real estate loans was primarily comprised of a single loan in the amount of $343,000 secured by a single family
residence in northern California.    The $1,038,000 in new nonperforming commercial real estate loans was primarily made up of one loan in the amount of
$491,000 secured by a commercial manufacturing property in northern California.     
 The $1,310,000 in new nonperforming commercial and industrial loan was primarily comprised of a single loan in the amount of $1,273,000 secured by various
non-real estate business assets in northern California. Related charge-offs are discussed below.     Loan charge-offs during the three months ended
March 31, 2016     In the first quarter of 2016, the Company recorded $1,168,000 in loan charge-offs and $120,000 in deposit overdraft charge-offs less
$1,364,000 in loan recoveries and $92,000 in deposit overdraft recoveries resulting in $168,000 of net recoveries. Primary causes of the loan charges taken in the first quarter of 2016 were gross charge-offs of $37,000 on two residential real estate
loans, $793,000 on 14 commercial real estate loans, $214,000 on four home equity lines and loans, $86,000 on 12 other consumer loans, and $38,000 on five C I loans.  
      65  

Table of Contents  

  The $793,000 in charge-offs the bank incurred in its commercial real estate portfolio was primarily the result of
$495,000 in charge-offs incurred on a single relationship secured by commercial office and single family real estate properties in central California. The remaining $298,000 was spread over 10 loans spread throughout the Company s footprint.
   Differences between the amounts explained in this section and the total charge-offs listed for a particular category are generally made up of individual
charges of less than $250,000 each. Generally losses are triggered by non-performance by the borrower and calculated based on any difference between the current loan amount and the current value of the underlying collateral less any estimated costs
associated with the disposition of the collateral.     Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The Company s allowance for loan losses is comprised of allowances for originated, PNCI and PCI loans. All such allowances are established through a
provision for loan losses charged to expense.   Originated and PNCI loans, and deposit related overdrafts are charged against the allowance for originated
loan losses when Management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely or, with respect to consumer installment loans, according to an established delinquency schedule. The allowances for originated and PNCI loan losses are
amounts that Management believes will be adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in existing originated loans, based on evaluations of the collectability, impairment and prior loss experience of those loans and leases. The evaluations take into
consideration such factors as changes in the nature and size of the portfolio, overall portfolio quality, loan concentrations, specific problem loans, and current economic conditions that may affect the borrower s ability to pay. The Company
defines an originated or PNCI loan as impaired when it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired originated and PNCI loans are measured based on the present
value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate. As a practical expedient, impairment may be measured based on the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent. When the measure of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the impairment is recorded through a valuation allowance. 
 In situations related to originated and PNCI loans where, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Company
grants a concession for other than an insignificant period of time to the borrower that the Company would not otherwise consider, the related loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). The Company strives to identify borrowers in
financial difficulty early and work with them to modify to more affordable terms before their loan reaches nonaccrual status. These modified terms may include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, payment forbearance and other actions intended to
minimize the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. In cases where the Company grants the borrower new terms that provide for a reduction of either interest or principal, the Company measures any impairment on the
restructuring as noted above for impaired loans. TDR loans are classified as impaired until they are fully paid off or charged off. Loans that are in nonaccrual status at the time they become TDR loans, remain in nonaccrual status until the borrower
demonstrates a sustained period of performance which the Company generally believes to be six consecutive months of payments, or equivalent. Otherwise, TDR loans are subject to the same nonaccrual and charge-off policies as noted above with respect
to their restructured principal balance.    Credit risk is inherent in the business of lending. As a result, the Company maintains an allowance for
loan losses to absorb losses inherent in the Company s originated and PNCI loan portfolios. These are maintained through periodic charges to earnings. These charges are included in the Consolidated Income Statements as provision for loan
losses. All specifically identifiable and quantifiable losses are immediately charged off against the allowance. However, for a variety of reasons, not all losses are immediately known to the Company and, of those that are known, the full
extent of the loss may not be quantifiable at that point in time. The balance of the Company s allowances for originated and PNCI loan losses are meant to be an estimate of these unknown but probable losses inherent in these portfolios. 
 The Company formally assesses the adequacy of the allowance for originated and PNCI loan losses on a quarterly basis. Determination of the adequacy is based
on ongoing assessments of the probable risk in the outstanding originated and PNCI loan portfolios, and to a lesser extent the Company s originated and PNCI loan commitments. These assessments include the periodic re-grading of credits based on
changes in their individual credit characteristics including delinquency, seasoning, recent financial performance of the borrower, economic factors, changes in the interest rate environment, growth of the portfolio as a whole or by segment, and
other factors as warranted. Loans are initially graded when originated or acquired. They are re-graded as they are renewed, when there is a new loan to the same borrower, when identified facts demonstrate heightened risk of nonpayment, or if
they become delinquent. Re-grading of larger problem loans occurs at least quarterly. Confirmation of the quality of the grading process is obtained by independent credit reviews conducted by consultants specifically hired for this purpose and by
various bank regulatory agencies.    The Company s method for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance for originated and PNCI loan losses
includes specific allowances for impaired loans and leases, formula allowance factors for pools of credits, and allowances for changing environmental factors (e.g., interest rates, growth, economic conditions, etc.). Allowance factors for loan pools
are based on historical loss experience by product type and prior risk rating. Allowances for impaired loans are based on analysis of individual credits. Allowances for changing environmental factors are Management s best estimate of the
probable impact these changes have had on the originated or PNCI loan portfolio as a whole. The allowances for originated and PNCI loans are included in the allowance for loan losses.  
 As noted above, the allowances for originated and PNCI loan losses consists of a specific allowance, a formula allowance, and an allowance for environmental
factors. The first component, the specific allowance, results from the analysis of identified credits that meet management s criteria for specific evaluation. These loans are reviewed individually to determine if such loans are considered
impaired. Impaired loans are those where management has concluded that it is probable that the borrower will be unable to pay all amounts due under the contractual terms. Impaired loans are specifically reviewed and evaluated individually by
management for loss potential by evaluating sources of repayment, including collateral as applicable, and a specified allowance for loan losses is established where necessary.  
      66  

Table of Contents  

  The second component of the allowance for originated and PNCI loan losses, the formula allowance, is an estimate
of the probable losses that have occurred across the major loan categories in the Company s originated and PNCI loan portfolios. This analysis is based on loan grades by pool and the loss history of these pools. This analysis covers the
Company s entire originated and PNCI loan portfolios including unused commitments but excludes any loans that were analyzed individually and assigned a specific allowance as discussed above. The total amount allocated for this component is
determined by applying loss estimation factors to outstanding loans and loan commitments. The loss factors were previously based primarily on the Company s historical loss experience tracked over a five-year period and adjusted as appropriate
for the input of current trends and events. Because historical loss experience varies for the different categories of originated loans, the loss factors applied to each category also differed. In addition, there is a greater chance that the Company
would suffer a loss from a loan that was risk rated less than satisfactory than if the loan was last graded satisfactory. Therefore, for any given category, a larger loss estimation factor was applied to less than satisfactory loans than to those
that the Company last graded as satisfactory. The resulting formula allowance was the sum of the allocations determined in this manner.   The third
component of the allowances for originated and PNCI loan losses, the environmental factor allowance, is a component that is not allocated to specific loans or groups of loans, but rather is intended to absorb losses that may not be provided for by
the other components.    There are several primary reasons that the other components discussed above might not be sufficient to absorb the losses present in
the originated and PNCI loan portfolios, and the environmental factor allowance is used to provide for the losses that have occurred because of them.    The
first reason is that there are limitations to any credit risk grading process. The volume of originated and PNCI loans makes it impractical to re-grade every loan every quarter. Therefore, it is possible that some currently performing originated or
PNCI loans not recently graded will not be as strong as their last grading and an insufficient portion of the allowance will have been allocated to them. Grading and loan review often must be done without knowing whether all relevant facts are at
hand. Troubled borrowers may deliberately or inadvertently omit important information from reports or conversations with lending officers regarding their financial condition and the diminished strength of repayment sources.  
 The second reason is that the loss estimation factors are based primarily on historical loss totals. As such, the factors may not give sufficient weight to
such considerations as the current general economic and business conditions that affect the Company s borrowers and specific industry conditions that affect borrowers in that industry. The factors might also not give sufficient weight to other
environmental factors such as changing economic conditions and interest rates, portfolio growth, entrance into new markets or products, and other characteristics as may be determined by Management.  
 Specifically, in assessing how much environmental factor allowance needed to be provided, management considered the following:  

with respect to the economy, management considered the effects of changes in GDP, unemployment, CPI, debt statistics, housing starts, housing sales, auto sales, agricultural prices, home affordability, and other
economic factors which serve as indicators of economic health and trends and which may have an impact on the performance of our borrowers, and        

with respect to changes in the interest rate environment, management considered the recent changes in interest rates and the resultant economic impact it may have had on borrowers with high leverage and/or low
profitability; and        

with respect to changes in energy prices, management considered the effect that increases, decreases or volatility may have on the performance of our borrowers, and    

with respect to loans to borrowers in new markets and growth in general, management considered the relatively short seasoning of such loans and the lack of experience with such borrowers, and    

with respect to loans that have not yet been identified as impaired, management considered the volume and severity of past due loans.    
 Each of these considerations was assigned a factor and applied to a portion or the entire originated and PNCI loan portfolios. Since these factors are not
derived from experience and are applied to large non-homogeneous groups of loans, they are available for use across the portfolio as a whole.    Acquired
loans are valued as of acquisition date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations . Loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination for which it is probable that all contractually required payments
will not be collected are referred to as purchased credit impaired (PCI) loans. PCI loans are accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality . In addition, because of the
significant credit discounts associated with the loans acquired in the Granite acquisition, the Company elected to account for all loans acquired in the Granite acquisition under FASB ASC Topic 310-30, and classify them all as PCI loans. Under FASB
ASC Topic 805 and FASB ASC Topic 310-30, PCI loans are recorded at fair value at acquisition date, factoring in credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan. Accordingly, an allowance for loan losses is not carried over or
recorded as of the acquisition date. Fair value is defined as the present value of the future estimated principal and interest payments of the loan, with the discount rate used in the present value calculation representing the estimated
effective yield of the loan. The difference between contractual future payments and estimated future payments is referred to as the nonaccretable difference. The difference between estimated future payments and the present value of the estimated
future payments is referred to as the accretable yield. The accretable yield represents the amount that is expected to be recorded as interest income over the remaining life of the loan. If after acquisition, the Company determines that the future
cash flows of a PCI loan are expected to be more than the originally estimated, an increase in the discount rate (effective yield) would be made such that the newly increased accretable yield would be recognized, on a level yield basis, over the
remaining estimated life of the loan. If after acquisition, the Company determines that the future cash flows of a PCI loan are expected to be less than the previously estimated, the discount rate would first be reduced until the present value
of the reduced cash flow estimate equals the previous present value however, the discount rate may not be lowered below its original level. If the discount rate has been lowered to its original level and the present value has not been
sufficiently lowered, an allowance for loan loss would be established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense to decrease the present value to the required level. If the estimated cash flows improve after an allowance has been
 
      67  

Table of Contents  

established for a loan, the allowance may be partially or fully reversed depending on the improvement in the estimated cash flows. Only after the allowance has been fully reversed may the
discount rate be increased. PCI loans are put on nonaccrual status when cash flows cannot be reasonably estimated. PCI loans are charged off when evidence suggests cash flows are not recoverable. Foreclosed assets from PCI loans are recorded in
foreclosed assets at fair value with the fair value at time of foreclosure representing cash flow from the loan. ASC 310-30 allows PCI loans with similar risk characteristics and acquisition time frame to be  pooled  and have their cash
flows aggregated as if they were one loan.    The Components of the Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The following table sets forth the allowance for loan losses as of the dates indicated:  
   
   For additional information regarding the allowance for loan losses, including changes in specific, formula, and environmental
factors allowance categories, see   Provision for Loan Losses   at   Results of Operations   and   Allowance for Loan Losses   above. Based on the current conditions of the loan portfolio, management
believes that the $33,484,000 allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 is adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the Bank s loan portfolio. No assurance can be given, however, that adverse economic conditions or other
circumstances will not result in increased losses in the portfolio.    The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for loan losses
between loan types as of the dates indicated:      
   The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for loan losses between loan types as a percentage of the total
allowance for loan losses as of the dates indicated:      
   The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of the total loans for each
loan category as of the dates indicated:      
 
      68  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables summarize the activity in the allowance for loan losses, reserve for unfunded commitments,
and allowance for losses (which is comprised of the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments) for the periods indicated (in thousands):      
 
      69  

Table of Contents  

   Foreclosed Assets, Net of Allowance for Losses   
 The following tables detail the components and summarize the activity in foreclosed assets, net of allowances for losses for the periods indicated (dollars in
thousands):      
    Premises and Equipment   
 Premises and equipment were comprised of:      
   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, premises and equipment increased $5,637,000 due to purchases of $11,638,000,
that were partially offset by depreciation of $4,002,000, the transfer of a former bank branch property with net book value of $1,934,000 to property held for sale classification, and disposals of other premises and equipment with net book value of
$65,000. During the three months ended September 31, 2016, the Company determined to sell a former bank branch property with net book value of $1,934,000, wrote the property down by $716,000 to its estimated market value of $1,218,000, and
classified the property as held for sale. The property was subsequently sold during the three months ended September 30, 2016 without gain or further loss.  
  Intangible Assets     Intangible assets at were comprised of
the following as of the dates indicated:      
   The core-deposit intangible assets resulted from the Bank s acquisition of three bank branches from Bank of America on
March 18, 2016, North Valley Bancorp in 2014, Citizens in 2011, and Granite in 2010. The goodwill intangible asset includes $849,000 from the acquisition  
      70  

Table of Contents  

of three bank branches from Bank of America on March 18, 2016, $47,943,000 from the North Valley Bancorp acquisition in 2014, and $15,519,000 from the North State National Bank acquisition in
2003. Amortization of core deposit intangible assets amounting to $359,000 and $289,000 was recorded during the three months ended September, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,017,000 and $867,000 was recorded during the nine months ended
September, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     Investment in Low Income Housing Tax Credit Funds   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s investment in low income housing tax credit funds, recorded in other assets, increased
$14,475,000 to $18,698,000 as the Company made four new investments in low income housing tax credit funds bringing the total number of such investment to five. Associated with these new investments in low income housing tax credit funds was a
$12,524,000 increase in low income housing tax credit fund commitments to $15,854,000. This commitment for low income housing tax credit funds is recorded in other liabilities.  
  Deposits     During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company s deposits increased $204,746,000 to $3,836,012,000, and included $161,231,000 of deposits from the acquisition of three branches from Bank of America on March 18, 2016. See Note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report for information about the Company s deposits.    Long-Term Debt   
 See Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report for information about the Company s other borrowings,
including long-term debt.     Junior Subordinated Debt   
 See Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report for information about the Company s junior subordinated
debt.     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     See Note 18 to
the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report for information about the Company s commitments and contingencies including off-balance-sheet arrangements.  
  Capital Resources     The current and projected capital
position of the Company and the impact of capital plans and long-term strategies are reviewed regularly by Management.   The Company adopted and announced a
stock repurchase plan on August 21, 2007 for the repurchase of up to 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock from time to time as market conditions allow. The 500,000 shares authorized for repurchase under this plan represented
approximately 3.2% of the Company s approximately 15,815,000 common shares outstanding as of August 21, 2007. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not repurchase any shares under this plan. This plan has no stated
expiration date for the repurchases. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 166,600 shares under this plan, which left 333,400 shares available for repurchase under the plan. Shares that are repurchased in accordance with the
provisions of a Company stock option plan or equity compensation plan are not counted against the number of shares repurchased under the repurchase plan adopted on August 21, 2007.  
 The Company s primary capital resource is shareholders  equity, which was $481,890,000 at September 30, 2016. This amount represents an increase of
$29,774,000 (6.6%) from December 31, 2015, the net result of comprehensive income for the period of $39,009,000, and the effect of equity compensation vesting and tax benefits of $1,078,000, and the exercise of stock options of $2,726,000, that were
partially offset by dividends paid of $10,265,000 and the repurchase of common stock of $2,774,000. The Company s ratio of equity to total assets was 10.8% and 10.7% as of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We believe that we
were in compliance with the requirements applicable to us as set forth in the final rules as of January 1, 2015 and June 30, 2016.     
 The following summarizes the Company s ratios of capital to risk-adjusted assets as of the dates indicated:  
   
   See Note 19 and Note 29 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report for additional
information about the Company s capital resources.  
      71  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity   
 The Bank s principal source of asset liquidity is cash at Federal Reserve and other banks and marketable investment securities available for sale. At
September 30, 2016, cash at Federal Reserve and other banks in excess of reserve requirements and investment securities available for sale totaled $746,484,000, or 16.7% of total assets, representing an increase of $108,798,000 (17.1%) from
637,686,000, or 15.1% of total assets at December 31, 2015. This increase in cash and securities available for sale is due mainly to an increase in deposits, including the deposits acquired in the acquisition of three branches from Bank of
America on March 18, 2016, cash from the maturities of securities held for sale, and cash provided by operating activities that were in excess of an increase in loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company generated cash flows from operations of $38,884,000 compared to $44,364,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net maturities of investment securities held to maturity produced cash inflows of
$83,665,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net purchases of held to maturity securities using $76,329,000 of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company invested in net loan increases of $188,840,000 compared to $189,995,000 of net loan increases during the first nine months of 2015. Proceeds from the sale of foreclosed assets accounted for $3,375,000 and $4,753,000 of investing sources of
funds during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The acquisition of three bank branches, and the assumption of $161,231,000 of associated deposit balances, from Bank of America on March 18, 2016, accounted for
$156,316,000 of investing sources of funds during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These changes in investment and loan balances, proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets, and the acquisition of branches and associated deposits, contributed
to net cash used by investing activities of 67,366,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net cash used by investing activities of $512,647,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Financing activities provided
net cash of $40,109,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $66,853,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Deposit balance increases, net of the deposits
assumed in the acquisition of bank branches on March 18, 2016, accounted for $43,515,000 of financing sources of funds during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $77,449,000 of financing sources of funds during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Net changes in other borrowings provided $6,907,000 of financing sources of funds during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2,417,000 of financing uses of funds during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Dividends paid used $10,265,000 and $8,728,000 of cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company s liquidity is dependent on dividends received from the Bank. Dividends from the Bank are subject
to certain regulatory restrictions.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       The Company s assessment of market risk
as of September 30, 2016 indicates there are no material changes in the quantitative and qualitative disclosures from those in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       The Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported on a timely basis. Disclosure controls are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of September 30, 2016.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal controls or in other
factors that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 
      72  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1   Legal Proceedings   
 Due to the nature of our business, we are involved in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While the outcome of these matters
is currently not determinable, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  
 See Note 18 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of this report, for a discussion of the Company s involvement in
litigation.       Item 1A   Risk Factors   
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under  Part I Item 1A Risk
Factors  in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 which are incorporated by reference herein. These factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and capital
position, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results or the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report.  
    Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 The following table shows the repurchases made by the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) during the
three months ended September 30, 2016:      

(1) 
 Includes shares purchased by the Company s Employee Stock Ownership Plan and pursuant to various other equity incentive plans. See Note 19 to the condensed consolidated financial statements at Item 1 of Part I of
this report, for a discussion of the Company s stock repurchased under equity compensation plans.    

(2) 
 Does not include shares that may be purchased by the Company s Employee Stock Ownership Plan and pursuant to various other equity incentive plans.    
      73  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6   Exhibits   

Exhibit No.  
    
   Exhibit   

2.1 
    
 Purchase and Assumption Agreement Whole Bank All Deposits, among the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, receiver of Granite Community Bank, N.A., Granite Bay, California, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Tri
Counties Bank, dated as of May 28, 2010, and related addendum (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 3, 2010).  

2.2 
    
 Purchase and Assumption Agreement Whole Bank All Deposits, among the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, receiver of Citizens Bank of Northern California, Nevada City, California, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Tri
Counties Bank, dated as of September 23, 2011, and related addendum (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 27, 2011).  

2.3 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and between TriCo and North Valley Bancorp dated January 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 21,
2014).  

3.1 
    
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2009).  

3.2 
    
 Bylaws of TriCo, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 17, 2011).  

4.1 
    
 Instruments defining the rights of holders of the long-term debt securities of the TriCo and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. TriCo hereby agrees to furnish copies of
these instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.  

10.1* 
    
 Form of Change of Control Agreement dated as of July 17, 2013, among TriCo, Tri Counties Bank and each of Dan Bailey, Craig Carney, Richard O Sullivan, Thomas Reddish, and Ray Rios (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2013).  

10.2* 
    
 TriCo s 1995 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to TriCo s Form S-8 Registration Statement dated August 23, 1995 (No. 33-62063)).  

10.3* 
    
 TriCo s 2001 Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005).  

10.4* 
    
 TriCo s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 3, 2013).  

10.5* 
    
 Amended Employment Agreement between TriCo and Richard Smith dated as of March 28, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 3, 2013).  

10.6* 
    
 Transaction Bonus Agreement between TriCo Bancshares and Richard P. Smith dated as of August 7, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to TriCo s Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2014).  

10.7* 
    
 Tri Counties Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan restated April 1, 1992, and January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2005).  

10.8* 
    
 Tri Counties Bank Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors effective January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005).  

10.9* 
    
 2005 Tri Counties Bank Deferred Compensation Plan for Executives and Directors effective January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2005).  

10.10* 
    
 Tri Counties Bank Supplemental Retirement Plan for Directors dated September 1, 1987, as restated January 1, 2001, and amended and restated January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to TriCo s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004).  

10.11* 
    
 2004 TriCo Bancshares Supplemental Retirement Plan for Directors effective January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004).  

10.12* 
    
 Tri Counties Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan effective September 1, 1987, as amended and restated January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended June 30, 2004).  

10.13* 
    
 2004 TriCo Bancshares Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan effective January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004).  

10.14* 
    
 Form of Joint Beneficiary Agreement effective March 31, 2003 between Tri Counties Bank and each of George Barstow, Dan Bay, Ron Bee, Craig Carney, Robert Elmore, Greg Gill, Richard Miller, Richard O Sullivan, Thomas Reddish,
Jerald Sax, and Richard Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003).  

10.15* 
    
 Form of Joint Beneficiary Agreement effective March 31, 2003 between Tri Counties Bank and each of Don Amaral, William Casey, Craig Compton, John Hasbrook, Michael Koehnen, Donald Murphy, Carroll Taresh, and Alex Vereschagin
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003).  

10.16* 
    
 Form of Tri Counties Bank Executive Long Term Care Agreement effective June 10, 2003 between Tri Counties Bank and each of Craig Carney, Richard Miller, Richard O Sullivan, and Thomas Reddish (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.16 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003).  

10.17* 
    
 Form of Tri Counties Bank Director Long Term Care Agreement effective June 10, 2003 between Tri Counties Bank and each of Don Amaral, William Casey, Craig Compton, John Hasbrook, Michael Koehnen, Donald Murphy, Carroll Taresh, and
Alex Vereschagin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to TriCo s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003).  

10.18* 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between TriCo and its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TriCo s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 10,
2013).   
      74  

Table of Contents  

Item 6   Exhibits (continued)   

* 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement    
      75  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.      

TRICO BANCSHARES  
 (Registrant)       
 
   Date: November 9, 2016  
   
   /s/ Thomas J. Reddish   

Thomas J. Reddish   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal accounting and financial officer)   
 
      76  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d259313dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBITS   
 Exhibit 31.1    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of CEO  
 I, Richard P. Smith, certify that;      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of TriCo Bancshares;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 
   
   /s/ Richard P. Smith   

Richard P. Smith  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d259313dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2    Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of CFO    I, Thomas J. Reddish, certify that;      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of TriCo Bancshares;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 
   
   /s/ Thomas J. Reddish   

Thomas J. Reddish  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d259313dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
 Section 1350 Certification of CEO    In connection with the
Quarterly Report of TriCo Bancshares (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard P. Smith, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 9, 2016 
   
   /s/ Richard P. Smith   

Richard P. Smith  

President and Chief Executive Officer  
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TriCo Bancshares and will be retained
by TriCo Bancshares and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d259313dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  
 Section 1350 Certification of CFO    In connection with the
Quarterly Report of TriCo Bancshares (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas J. Reddish, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 9, 2016 
   
   /s/ Thomas J. Reddish   

Thomas J. Reddish  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TriCo Bancshares and will be retained
by TriCo Bancshares and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tcbk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tcbk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tcbk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tcbk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tcbk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tcbk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

