<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_830122_0000830122-16-000222_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6623374</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>157407</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>593069</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2186535</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2613088</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>941386</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000830122-16-000222.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101195406
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000830122-16-000222
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PICO HOLDINGS INC /NEW
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000830122
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				942723335
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-36383
		FILM NUMBER:		161966064

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7979 IVANHOE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 300
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6194566022

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7979 IVANHOE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 300
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITATION INSURANCE GROUP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940527

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000830122-16-000222.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 pico0930201610q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ______________________ 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
    
  OR 
    
      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
  Commission file number 033-36383 

PICO HOLDINGS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

7979 Ivanhoe Avenue, Suite 300 La Jolla, California 92037 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
    
  (858) 456-6022 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                     Large accelerated filer     
    Accelerated filer   x 
    Non-accelerated filer     
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No     
    
  On   October 28, 2016  , the registrant had   23,069,381   shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share outstanding. 

PICO Holdings, Inc. 
    
  Form 10-Q 
  For the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016 
    
  Table of Contents 
                     
    Page No. 

Part I:  Financial Information  

Item 1: 
     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income or Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2: 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    21 

Item 3: 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
    35 

Item 4: 
     Controls and Procedures  
    36 

Part II:  Other Information  

Item 1: 
     Legal Proceedings  
    36 

Item 1A: 
     Risk Factors  
    36 

Item 2: 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    45 

Item 3: 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    46 

Item 4: 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    46 

Item 5: 
     Other Information  
    46 

Item 6: 
     Exhibits  
    47 

Signatures  
    48 

Part I: Financial Information 

Item 1: Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

PICO Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity - Unaudited 
  Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  (In thousands)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

PICO Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 
    
  Footnote Index 
                     
    Page No. 
       1.  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
    6 
       2.  Real Estate and Tangible Water Assets  
    7 
       3.  Intangible Assets and Goodwill  
    8 
       4.  Investments  
    9 
       5.  Disclosures About Fair Value  
    11 
       6.  Debt  
    14 
       7.  Commitments and Contingencies  
    15 
       8.  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  
    16 
       9.  Related-Party Transactions  
    16 
       10.  Segment Reporting  
    17 
       11.  Discontinued Agribusiness Operations and Other Assets Held for Sale  
    18 
       12.  Subsequent Events  
    20 

1.  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of PICO Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company  or  PICO ) have been prepared in accordance with the interim reporting requirements of Form 10-Q, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for complete consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In the opinion of management, all adjustments and reclassifications considered necessary for a fair and comparable presentation of the financial statements presented have been included and are of a normal recurring nature.  Operating results presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
    
  These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC. 
    
  Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial Statements: 
    
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for each reporting period.  The significant estimates made in the preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements relate to the assessment of other-than-temporary impairments, the application of the equity method of accounting, goodwill and intangibles, real estate and water assets, deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation, and contingent liabilities.  It is reasonably possible that actual results could differ from the estimates upon which the carrying values were based. 
    
  Noncontrolling Interest Re-allocation 
    
  The Company allocates UCP, Inc. ( UCP ) Class A common stock issued in connection with the vesting of UCP restricted stock units ( RSU ) and stock-based compensation expense between additional paid-in-capital and noncontrolling interest within its condensed consolidated statements of equity.  The equity allocations for the UCP, LLC operating partnership are based on the economic and voting interest percentages of the Company and its noncontrolling interest in UCP.  Issuances of UCP Class A common stock for UCP RSUs affect the economic and voting interest percentages, which accordingly are adjusted at the end of each issuance period.  The economic and voting interest percentages prevailing during the period are used to determine the current period equity allocations for the operating partnership. 
  
   6 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements: 
    
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance on classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows.  The amendments in this update clarify guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues:  debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other instruments with coupon rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of company-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle  For public business entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.  The guidance should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect this guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance on simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs, which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability.  For public business entities, the guidance was effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Entities are to apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. The Company adopted the guidance effective January 1, 2016.  Prior to adoption, the Company included debt issuance costs in other assets on its condensed consolidated balance sheets. Beginning with the Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company changed its presentation of debt issuance costs for all periods presented and the Company reclassified   $1.5 million   of debt issuance costs at   December 31, 2015   as a direct deduction from the carrying amounts of its debt liabilities both on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2.  Real Estate and Tangible Water Assets 
    
  The costs assigned to the various components of real estate and tangible water assets were as follows (in thousands): 

Impairment Losses for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016  : 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an impairment loss of   $2.4 million   on real estate located in Bakersfield, California, reducing the carrying value to   $5.6 million  .  The Company entered into a contract to sell the remaining lots in the real estate for less than its carrying value at a future date and as a result, the real estate was written down to its fair value, less selling costs.  The loss was reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss within impairment loss on intangible and long-lived assets and was included in the results of operations of the real estate operations segment. 
    
  Impairment Losses for the Year Ended   December 31, 2015  : 
    
  During the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company recorded an impairment loss of   $923,000   on real estate located in Kern County, California, reducing the carrying value to   $6 million  .  The loss was reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss within impairment loss on intangible and long-lived assets and was included in the results of operations of the real estate operations segment. 

7 

During the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company accepted an offer for   $3.4 million   for real estate owned near Fresno, California.  As a result, an impairment loss of   $274,000   was recorded that reduced the carrying value of the real estate to the offer price.  The loss was reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss within impairment loss on intangible and long-lived assets and was included in the results of operations of the real estate operations segment. 

3.  Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
    
  The Company owns the following intangible assets, which primarily represent indefinite-lived intangible water assets within its water resource and water storage operations segment (in thousands): 

Impairment Losses for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016  : 
    
  There were   no   impairment losses recognized on intangible assets during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Impairment Losses for the Year Ended   December 31, 2015  : 
    
  As a result of the Company s annual review of indefinite-lived intangible assets, using a discounted cash flow model, the Company recorded an impairment loss of   $269,000  , reducing the carrying value to   $3 million  , which is included in the table above within other, net of accumulated amortization.  The loss was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss within impairment loss on intangible and long-lived assets and was reported in the water resource and water storage operations segment results. 
    
  Goodwill: 
    
  The Company had a goodwill balance of   $4.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an impairment loss of   $4.2 million   on goodwill related to the Citizens Homes, Inc. ( Citizens ) acquisition due to revised financial forecasts for the Southeast operations as a result of items including weather that delayed new community openings, abandonment of certain opportunities to open new communities as the opportunities did not meet UCP s underwriting criteria, and lower margins on older communities still in existence from the land purchased as part of the Citizens acquisition.  The loss was reported in the Company s Real Estate operations reducing the balance of the goodwill to   zero  .  The revised forecasts also reduced the contingent consideration liability related to the Citizens acquisition by   $2.4 million   leaving a balance of   $307,000   at   September 30, 2016  .   There were   no   acquisitions, disposals, or impairments of goodwill during the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The Company estimates the fair value of goodwill based on applying the income approach by determining the present value of the estimated future cash flows at a discount rate.  When estimating future cash flows, the Company makes various assumptions, including, but not limited to: (i) forecast adjusted pre-tax net income over a   ten   year period; (ii) weighted average cost of capital; (iii) terminal growth; and (iv) revenue growth and operating profit margin.  The risk adjusted discount rate of   14.5%   and terminal growth rate of   2.0%   were applied to forecast adjusted pre-tax net income. 

8 

4.  Investments 
    
  The cost and carrying value of available-for-sale investments were as follows (in thousands): 

The amortized cost and carrying value of investments in debt securities, by contractual maturity, are shown below.  Actual maturity dates may differ from contractual maturity dates because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties (in thousands): 

Debt Securities 
    
  The Company owns corporate bonds and other debt securities, which are purchased based on the maturity and yield-to-maturity of the bond and an analysis of the fundamental characteristics of the issuer.  At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , there were unrealized losses on certain bonds in the portfolio.  The Company does not consider those bonds to be other-than-temporarily impaired because the Company expects to hold, and will not be required to sell, these particular bonds, and it expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis at maturity.  There were   no   impairment losses recorded on debt securities during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Marketable Equity Securities 
    
  The Company s investment in marketable equity securities at   September 30, 2016   principally consisted of common stock of publicly traded small-capitalization companies in the U.S. and select foreign markets.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company reviewed its equity securities in an unrealized loss position and concluded certain of such securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired as the declines were not of sufficient duration and severity, and publicly-available financial information, collectively, did not indicate impairment.  The primary cause of the loss on those securities was normal market volatility.    No   material impairment losses were recorded during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

9 

Other Investments 
    
  The Company owned the following investments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   that were not classified as available-for-sale (in thousands): 

Investment in Synthonics: 
    
  Synthonics, Inc. ( Synthonics ) is a private company co-founded by a former member of the Company s board of directors.  The Company s investment consists of preferred shares as discussed in   Note 9  Related-Party Transactions.  
    
  Investment in Mindjet: 
    
  During the   third   quarter of   2015  , the Company determined it no longer had significant influence over the operating and financial policies of Mindjet, Inc. ( Mindjet ) and therefore discontinued the equity method of accounting.  The remaining carrying value of the investment, including a convertible note receivable and associated interest, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $2.3 million   and   $2.2 million  , respectively.  The note and interest receivable is expected to be converted into additional preferred stock during   2016  . 
    
  As a result of previously using the equity method of accounting for the investment in common stock, the Company recorded a loss within equity in loss of unconsolidated affiliate in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income or loss of   $1.9 million   and   $3.4 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The Company s share of the losses reported by Mindjet during   2015   was allocated to the carrying value of the common stock investment until it reached   zero  , and then to the preferred stock and convertible debt. 
    
  During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company recorded a   $20.7 million   impairment loss on the investment in Mindjet common and preferred shares as the estimated fair value was less than the carrying value due to significantly increased, and continuing operating losses and resulting liquidity issues, actual financial results significantly less than projections, and decreased market conditions that had adversely affected the value of Mindjet.  Such loss was recorded in impairment on investments in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income or loss.  The fair value of the investment in Mindjet was based on an analysis of the financial and operational aspects of the company, including consideration of business enterprise value-to-revenue ratios for comparable public companies to current revenue metrics for the company.  Determination of the business enterprise value based on the foregoing was then considered in an analysis of the distribution of equity value to the various classes of debt and equity issued by Mindjet in order to reflect differences in value due to differing liquidation preferences, dividend and voting rights.  The fair value approach relied primarily on Level 3 unobservable inputs, whereby expected future cash flows were determined using revenue multiples that included assumptions regarding an entity s assumptions about risk and uncertainties.  The estimates were based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which by their nature are uncertain and unpredictable. 
    
  It is reasonably possible that the Company s ownership percentage in Mindjet will continue to decline as other shareholders fund the ongoing operations with additional equity capital and upon conversion of outstanding notes.  The Company does not anticipate investing any additional capital into Mindjet. 
    
  The carrying value of the Company s investment in Mindjet is subject to impairment testing at each reporting period, or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate the investment may be impaired.  It is reasonably possible that circumstances may continue to deteriorate which could require the Company to record additional impairment losses on the remaining investment balances. 

10 

5.  Disclosures About Fair Value 
    
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants under current market conditions at the measurement date.  The level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are classified include measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1), quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active (Level 2), and significant valuation assumptions that are not readily observable in the market (Level 3). 
    
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.  The Company s policy is to recognize transfers between levels at the end of the reporting period.  The following tables set forth the Company s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value, on a recurring basis, by level within the fair value hierarchy.  There were   no   significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or during the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

11 

At   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

(1)    Where there are quoted market prices that are readily available in an active market, securities are classified as Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  Level 1 available-for-sale investments are valued using quoted market prices multiplied by the number of shares owned and debt securities are valued using a market quote in an active market.  All Level 2 available-for-sale securities are one class because they all contain similar risks and are valued using market prices and include securities where the markets are not active, that is where there are few transactions, or the prices are not current or the prices vary considerably over time. Inputs include directly or indirectly observable inputs such as quoted prices.  Level 3 available-for-sale securities would include securities where valuation is based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets.  This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
    
   (2)    Included in this caption is the contingent consideration arrangement that the Company entered into as part of the acquisition of Citizens.  The contingent consideration arrangement requires the Company to pay up to a maximum of   $6 million   of additional consideration based upon achievement of various pre-tax net income performance milestones of the new business ( performance milestones ) over a   five   year period commencing on April 1, 2014.  Payout calculations are made based on calendar year performance, except for the sixth payout calculation, which will be calculated based on the achievement of performance milestones from January 1, 2019 through March 25, 2019.  Payouts are to be made on an annual basis.  The potential undiscounted amount of all future payments that the Company could be required to make under the contingent consideration arrangement is between   zero   and   $6 million  .  The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated based on applying the weighted probability of achievement of the performance milestones.  The measurement is based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market, which are defined as Level 3 inputs.  Key assumptions include: (1) forecast adjusted pre-tax net income over the contingent consideration period; (2) revenue appreciation; (3) cost inflation; and (4) sales and marketing and general and administrative costs.  The estimated revenue appreciation of   4.5%  , cost inflation of   1.5%  , and sales and marketing and general and administrative costs were applied to forecast adjusted net income over the contingent consideration period. 

Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset. 

12 

The following tables set forth the Company s non-financial assets that were measured at fair value, on a non-recurring basis, by level within the fair value hierarchy.  
    
  Nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

(1)        The Company had non-recurring fair value measurements of goodwill discussed in   Note 3,  Intangible Assets and Goodwill.  
    
   (2)        The Company had non-recurring fair value measurements of real estate assets discussed in   Note 2,  Real Estate and Tangible Water Assets.  
    
   (3)        The Company had non-recurring fair value measurements of real estate assets in its Southeast homebuilding division.  The loss was reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss within impairment loss on intangible and long-lived assets and was included in the results of operations of the real estate segment. 
    
   (4)    The Company recorded an impairment loss to write down the value of certain oil and gas wells.  The loss was reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss within impairment loss on intangible and long-lived assets and was included in the results of operations of the corporate segment. 

Year Ended   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

(1)    The Company had a non-recurring fair value measurement for intangible assets that resulted in an impairment loss discussed in   Note 3,  Intangible Assets and Goodwill.  
    
   (2)    The Company recorded an impairment loss to write down the value of capitalized development costs related to its oil and gas wells.  The estimated fair value of the wells was determined using a discounted cash flow model.  The loss was reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss within impairment loss on intangible and long-lived assets and was included in the results of operations of the corporate segment. 
    
   (3)        The Company had non-recurring fair value measurements of real estate assets discussed in   Note 2,  Real Estate and Tangible Water Assets.  
    
   (4)        The Company had a non-recurring fair value measurement of an investment in an unconsolidated affiliate s equity securities held at cost discussed in   Note 4,  Investments.  

13 

Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, and accounts receivable approximated their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these assets or liabilities.  The estimated fair value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated affiliates approximated their carrying values.  The estimated fair value of the Company's debt was based on cash flow models discounted at the then-current interest rates and an estimate of the then-current spread above those rates at which the Company could borrow, which are Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy.  The estimated fair value of certain of the Company s other investments, which included investments in preferred stock of private companies, cannot be reasonably estimated on a recurring basis. 
    
  The following table presents the carrying value and estimated fair value of the Company s financial instruments which are not carried at fair value (in thousands): 

6.  Debt 
    
  The following table details the Company s outstanding debt (in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s real estate debt had a weighted average interest rate of   6.5%   and   6.4%  , respectively. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had approximately   $228.2 million   and   $232.6 million  , respectively, available in loan commitments to draw upon, of which approximately   $69.6 million   and   $75.1 million  , respectively, was available. 

14 

Debt Provisions, Restrictions, and Covenants on Real Estate Debt: 
    
  Certain debt agreements of UCP, Inc. ( UCP ) contain various significant financial covenants, each of which UCP was in compliance with at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The   $75 million   of senior notes issued in 2014 by UCP limit UCP s ability to, among other things, incur or guarantee additional unsecured and secured indebtedness (provided that UCP may incur indebtedness so long as UCP s ratio of indebtedness to its consolidated tangible assets (on a pro forma basis) would be equal to or less than   45%   and provided that the aggregate amount of secured debt may not exceed the greater of   $75 million   or   30%   of UCP s consolidated tangible assets); pay dividends and make certain investments and other restricted payments (including purchasing UCP stock); acquire unimproved real property in excess of   $75 million   per fiscal year or in excess of   $150 million   over the term of the notes, except to the extent funded with subordinated obligations or the proceeds of equity issuances; create or incur certain liens; transfer or sell certain assets; and merge or consolidate with other companies or transfer or sell all or substantially all of UCP s consolidated assets. 
    
  Other: 
    
  The Company incurred and capitalized   $3.2 million   and   $9.3 million   of interest during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $3.1 million   and   $8.5 million   of interest during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, related to construction and real estate development costs.  Due to debt covenants and other restrictions, the total restricted net assets of the Company s consolidated subsidiaries were   $128.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 

7.  Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  The Company leases some of its offices under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through   2021  .  Rent expense for office space was   $469,000   and   $1.5 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and was   $511,000   and   $1.7 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Future minimum payments under all operating leases are as follows (in thousands): 

Neither PICO nor its subsidiaries are parties to any potentially material pending legal proceedings. 
    
  The Company is subject to various litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business.  Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events.  When evaluating contingencies, the Company may be unable to provide a meaningful estimate due to a number of factors, including the procedural status of the matter in question, the presence of complex or novel legal theories, and/or the ongoing discovery and development of information important to the matters.  In addition, damage amounts claimed in litigation against the Company may be unsupported, exaggerated or unrelated to possible outcomes, and as such, are not meaningful indicators of the potential liability.  The Company regularly reviews contingencies to determine the adequacy of accruals and related disclosures.  The amount of ultimate loss may differ from these estimates, and it is possible that the financial statements could be materially affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these contingencies. 
    
  Whether any losses finally determined in any claim, action, investigation, or proceeding could reasonably have a material effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows will depend on a number of variables, including: the timing and amount of such losses; the structure and type of any remedies; the significance of the impact any such losses, damages or remedies may have on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements; and the unique facts and circumstances of the particular matter that may give rise to additional factors. 

15 

8.  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive income are as follows (in thousands): 

The unrealized gain on available-for-sale investments is net of a deferred income tax liability of   $3.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $2.8 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The following table reports amounts that were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and included in earnings (in thousands): 

(1)    Amounts reclassified from this category are included in other income, net in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income or loss. 

9.  Related-Party Transactions 
    
  Deferred Compensation 
    
  The Company has agreements with certain officers and employees to defer compensation into Rabbi Trust accounts held in the name of the Company.  The total value of the deferred compensation obligation for all participants at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , was   $26.7 million   and   $25.5 million  , respectively, and is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  These totals include a fair value of   $653,000   and   $805,000   of the Company s common stock, for each of the respective periods, with the balance in various publicly traded equities and bonds. 
    
  Deferred compensation expense included in general, administrative, and other costs in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was $  1.8 million   and   $90,000  , respectively and for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $2.8 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively.  During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company distributed   22,644   shares of the Company s common stock out of its deferred compensation Rabbi Trusts in satisfaction of the related liability.  The distribution was reported as a reduction of treasury stock in the condensed consolidated statements of equity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  In connection with the termination of the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, John R. Hart, which was effective as of   October 12, 2016  , the Company will be required to distribute to Mr. Hart his deferred compensation balance in April 2017.  At   September 30, 2016  , Mr. Harts deferred compensation balance was valued at approximately   $22.8 million  .  See   Note 12,  Subsequent Events,    for additional information.    

16 

Investment in Synthonics 
    
  The Company has an investment in preferred stock of Synthonics, a company co-founded by Mr. Slepicka, formerly a non-employee director of the Company, who is currently the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer of Synthonics.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had invested   $2.2 million   for   18.2%   of the voting interest in Synthonics.  Mr. Slepicka resigned as a member of the Board of Directors effective   July 27, 2016  .  

10.  Segment Reporting 
    
  PICO is a diversified holding company engaged in the following operating and reportable segments: Water Resource and Water Storage Operations, Real Estate Operations, Corporate, and Discontinued Agribusiness Operations.  The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  Management analyzes segments using the following information: 
    
  Segment assets (in thousands): 

Segment revenues and loss before taxes (in thousands): 

17 

11.  Discontinued Agribusiness Operations and Other Assets Held for Sale 
    
  During the third quarter of 2015, the Company sold substantially all of the assets used in its agribusiness segment to CHS Inc. ( CHS ) for a net selling price of   $105.3 million  .  After repayment of   $80.9 million   of outstanding debt and   $5.9 million   in selling and other related costs of the sale, the Company received net proceeds of   $18.4 million   on the date of close. 
    
  The Company was required to deposit   $10.2 million   of such net proceeds in escrow accounts,   $6 million   of which secures general indemnification obligations through January 2017, and   $4.2 million   of which was associated with specified operational matters related to air quality and waste water permit issues ( operational escrow ). The Company resolved the air quality issue and received   $2.4 million   of the operational escrow amount in October 2015.  However, in February 2016, the Company was notified that the relevant regulatory authorities had not approved the waste water permit at the levels required under the sale agreement.  Consequently, the remaining   $1.8 million   of the operational escrow amount was released to CHS in full satisfaction of the matter, resulting in the Company recording the amount as additional loss on the sale of discontinued operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Remaining amounts in escrow are reported as accounts receivable in the table below. 
    
  The Company also guaranteed up to   $8 million   for any indemnification claims in excess of the   $6 million   general indemnification escrow pursuant to the terms of a guaranty agreement with CHS, which was executed at the closing.  This guaranty will remain in force for   five years   from the date of sale.  The guaranty has been recorded at estimated fair value that reflects the Company s expectation that   no   significant amounts will be paid out under the guaranty.  However, any amounts paid by the Company to CHS in excess of the estimate will result in additional loss on the sale.  Any assets in excess of the resolution of the outstanding matters, and after payment of remaining liabilities, are available to the Company for any corporate purposes. 
    
  The Company s agribusiness segment has been classified as discontinued agribusiness operations in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as of the earliest period presented.  Consequently, prior periods presented have been recast from amounts previously reported to reflect the agribusiness segment as discontinued agribusiness operations. 

18 

The following table presents the details of the Company s results from discontinued agribusiness operations included in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income or loss (in thousands): 

The following table presents the details of the Company s assets and liabilities classified as held-for-sale in the condensed consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 

(1)    See    Note 12  Subsequent Events.  
  
   19 

12.  Subsequent Events 
    
  Termination of PICO s CEO and Other Related Changes in Executive Management: 
    
  On   October 10, 2016  , John R. Hart s employment as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company was terminated, effective as of   October 12, 2016  . 
    
    Mr. Hart will receive the severance benefits set forth in Section 4(b) of his Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with the Company, dated   March 11, 2016   and filed with the SEC on   March 14, 2016   (the  Employment Agreement ). Such benefits include certain severance and vacation differential payments totaling approximately   $10.4 million  , certain medical benefits, and immediate vesting of the outstanding RSU and Performance Based Options ( PBO ) previously granted. Mr. Hart was also entitled to the balance of his accrued vacation and personal days valued at   $339,000   which was paid to him in   October 2016  . 
    
  The Company will accrue the   $10.4 million   in severance benefits and vacation differential, remaining stock-based compensation, and related expenses in the fourth quarter of   2016  . In accordance with applicable regulations, payment of the severance benefits and vacation differential, stock settlement of the vested RSU, and distribution of Mr. Hart s deferred compensation balance, will be made to Mr. Hart no earlier than six months and a day after the effective date of the termination. 
    
  In connection with Mr. Hart s termination, the Company s board of directors appointed Maxim C.W. Webb as President and Chief Executive Officer and to serve as a class III director of the Company, effective as of   October 12, 2016  , with a term that expires at the Company s   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and John T. Perri as Chief Financial Officer.  Additionally, each of Mr. Webb and Mr. Perri irrevocably and unconditionally waived their right to receive any bonus payment that would otherwise be payable pursuant to the terms of the Company s executive bonus plan. 
    
  Mr. Hart currently continues to serve as a member of the board of directors of the Company and UCP.  However, in October 2016, the Company filed a consent solicitation statement seeking written consents of the shareholders of the Company to remove Mr. Hart as a director of the Company. 
    
  Asset Sales: 
    
  In   August 2016  , the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement to sell the majority of the assets used in its oil and gas operations effective   October 1, 2016   for gross proceeds of   $10.2 million  .  After consideration of liabilities assumed by the buyer and escrow holdback of approximately   $587,000   for lease title defects that the Company has the right to cure within one year of the date of sale, cash proceeds to the Company were   $9.2 million  .  The purchase and sale agreement provides for a Company guarantee of   $1 million   for any indemnification claims made by the buyer within one year of the sale. As the carrying value of the assets sold was reduced significantly in prior periods due to impairment losses and depletion charges, the Company will record a gain on sale before income taxes of   $8.6 million   during the fourth quarter of   2016   that will be reported within the Company s corporate segment results. 
    
  In   October 2016  , the Company completed a sale of   32   acres of real estate in Fresno, California for cash of   $3.4 million  .  The transaction did not result in any gain or loss as the real estate was previously written down to the estimated sale price during the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which is further discussed in   Note 2  Real Estate and Tangible Water Assets.  

20 

Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included elsewhere in this report, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Note About  Forward-Looking Statements  
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section) contains  forward-looking statements,  as defined in Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, including, without limitation, statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions, anticipated developments, and other information concerning future matters.  Words such as  may,   will,   could,   expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,   should,   target,   projects,   contemplates,   predicts,   potential,   continue,  and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Although forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on current expectations and assumptions.  Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and the actual results and outcomes could differ from what is expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those discussed under the headings  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , in  Item 1A: Risk Factors  of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in other filings made from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  We undertake no obligation to (and we expressly disclaim any obligation to) revise or update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, or otherwise (except as may be required by law), in order to reflect any event or circumstance which may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. 
    
  Business Strategy and Goals 
    
  PICO Holdings, Inc. is a diversified holding company.  In this Quarterly Report, PICO and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as  PICO,   the Company,  or by words such as  we  and  our.   
  Our objective is to maximize long-term shareholder value. Currently, we believe the highest potential return to shareholders is from a return of capital. As we monetize assets, rather than reinvest the proceeds, we intend to return capital back to shareholders through a stock repurchase program or by other means such as special dividends. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our business was separated into the following segments: 
                   
    Water Resource and Water Storage Operations; 
        
    Real Estate Operations; 
        
    Corporate; and 
        
    Discontinued Agribusiness Operations. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , our major consolidated subsidiaries were (wholly owned unless noted): 
                   
    Vidler Water Company, Inc. ( Vidler ) which acquires and develops water resources and water storage operations in the southwestern United States, with assets and operations in Nevada, Arizona, Colorado and New Mexico; and 
        
    UCP, Inc. ( UCP ), a 56.9% owned subsidiary which is a homebuilder and land developer in markets located in California, Washington State, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. 

21 

Results of Operations     Three   and   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
    
  Overview of Economic Conditions, Other Recent Events, and Impact on Results of Operations 
    
  The economic environment and housing slow-down in the U.S. between 2007 and 2011 significantly decreased the rate of growth in the Southwest and the demand for our water and real estate assets in certain markets.  Numerous factors can affect the performance of an individual market.  However, we believe that trends in employment, housing inventory, affordability, interest rates, and home prices have a particularly significant impact.  We expect that these market trends will have an impact on our operating performance.  Trends in housing inventory, home affordability, employment, interest rates and home prices are the principal factors that affect our revenue and many of our costs and expenses.  For example, when these trends are favorable, we expect our revenue, as well as our related costs and expenses, to generally increase; conversely, when these trends are negative, we expect our revenue and cost of sales to generally decline, although in each case the impact may not be immediate.  There has been a recovery and improvement in the housing markets from levels seen during the slow-down (with seasonal fluctuations) which has led to increased levels of real estate development activity in the past two to three years, and we believe that a continuation of the housing recovery will lead to increased demand for our real estate, and intangible and tangible water assets (which are held in our real estate segment and water resource and water storage segment, respectively).  Individual markets continue to experience varying results, as local home inventories, affordability, and employment factors strongly influence each local market and any deterioration in the markets in which we operate has the potential to cause additional impairment losses on our real estate and water assets. 
    
  The focus of our operations is building long-term shareholder value.  Our revenues and results of operations can and do fluctuate widely from period to period.  For example, we recognize revenue from the sale of real estate and water assets when specific transactions close, and as a result, sales of real estate and water assets for any individual quarter are not necessarily indicative of revenues for future quarters or the full financial year. 
    
  PICO Holdings, Inc. Shareholders  Equity (in thousands): 

The   decrease   in our shareholders  equity was primarily due to the comprehensive loss of   $11.6 million   incurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Total Assets and Liabilities (in thousands): 

Total assets   decrease  d during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due to a   decrease   in cash of   $18.5 million   used primarily to purchase real estate and pay overhead expenses, and a decrease in goodwill of   $4.2 million   resulting from an impairment loss recorded due to revised financial forecasts for the Southeast operations, related to the Citizens Homes, Inc. ( Citizens ) acquisition were revised. These decreases were partially offset by an   increase   in real estate and water assets of   $15.2 million   and other increases in investments due to appreciation of the portfolio and notes and other receivables. 

22 

Total liabilities   increase  d during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to the following: 

an   increase   of $2.1 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses, primarily related to a   $4.2 million   increase in real estate liabilities due to higher homebuilding and land development activity, partially offset by   $1.2 million   reduction in our oil and gas business related to construction accruals and royalties payable; 
                
    an   increase   of   $1.8 million   in our debt balance that was used for the acquisition and development of real estate; 
                
    an   increase   of   $1.6 million   in other liabilities, primarily related to a $2.3 million increase for warranty accruals due to the gross up of such reserves, increases of $746,000 of accrued bonuses and $677,000 in deposits received on closed homes (both related to our real estate segment), which was partially offset by a $2.4 million decrease in the contingent consideration liability related to the Citizens acquisition as income projections for those assets were revised; and 
                
    an   increase   of   $1.3 million   in the deferred compensation liability from security appreciation offset by distributions. 
       
  Results of Operations 
    
  Revenue 
    
  The majority of our recurring revenue was generated in our real estate operation, which records revenue from the sale of residential homes and lots.  Our revenue from real estate operations increased during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   as the result of a significant increase in the average price of homes sold period over period, and increased during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as the result of an increase in the number of homes sold and a significant increase in the average price of homes sold period-over-period. 
    
  Costs and Expenses 
    
  The majority of our costs and expenses were related to cost of real estate and water assets sold.  The increase in costs and expenses for the   three   and   nine   month ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily from an increase in cost of real estate sold in our real estate segment due to the increased number of homes sold year-over-year, and a $4.2 million loss on impairment of goodwill. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  We continued to record a full valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets and as a result there were minimal income taxes reported during each of the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and three months ended September 30,   2015  .  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded a   $2.9 million   income tax benefit primarily due to the reversal of a taxable temporary difference related to our investment in Mindjet.  Such temporary difference reversed during the period due to the impairment loss recorded on the investment. No such benefit was recorded during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Discontinued Agribusiness Operations 
    
  Our discontinued agribusiness loss decreased significantly for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The losses reported in   2015   included loss on discontinued operations of   $10.2 million   and   $29.5 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, and loss on sale of discontinued operations of   $1.3 million   and   $18.3 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The only material loss in   2016   was additional loss on sale of discontinued agribusiness operations of $  1.9 million  , primarily related to the resolution of a waste water permit issue in the first quarter of   2016  . 
    
  Noncontrolling Interests 
    
  Noncontrolling interests reported net income of   $1 million   and   $1.7 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and net income of   $1.7 million   and a net loss of   $2.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The majority of the income during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was from income reported by UCP.  Of the loss reported during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  ,   $1.7 million   was attributable to our discontinued agribusiness operations and   $555,000   was attributable to the loss reported by UCP. 

23 

Comprehensive Income or Loss 
    
  We report comprehensive income or loss as well as net income or loss from the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income or loss.  Comprehensive income measures changes in equity, and includes unrealized items which are not recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Water Resource and Water Storage Operations 

Historically, our water resource and water storage segment revenue and results have been volatile and infrequent.  Since the date a transaction closes generally determines the accounting period in which any sales revenue and cost of sales are recorded, our reported revenues and income in this segment fluctuate from period to period, depending on the dates when specific transactions close.  Consequently, revenue in any one year is not necessarily indicative of likely revenue in future years. 
    
  Segment Revenue 
    
  We did not consummate any significant sales of real estate and water assets in the   three   or   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Revenue in these periods consisted primarily of lease income and option fees.  During the   third   quarter of   2015  , we sold   258   acres of real estate and approximately   774   acre-feet of water rights in the Harquahala Valley area of Arizona for cash proceeds of   $3.4 million  , which generated a gross margin of   $2.4 million  .  
    
  Segment Expenses 
    
  Total expenses remained consistent for both the   three   and   nine   month periods year-over-year with overhead being the most significant cost reported during the periods.  Overhead costs consisted primarily of salaries and benefits, professional fees, office rent and insurance.  The cost of real estate and water assets sold decreased year-over-year for both the   three   and   nine   month periods  due to the aforementioned significant sale of   258   acres of real estate and approximately   774   acre-feet of water rights in the Harquahala Valley area of Arizona. 
    
  Project expenses consisted of costs related to the ongoing maintenance of our assets, and professional fees.  Project costs are expensed as appropriate and fluctuate from period to period depending on activity in our various projects.  Historically, project expenses principally related to: 

certain costs related to intangible water rights in the Tule Desert groundwater basin and the Dry Lake Valley (both part of the Lincoln County, Nevada agreement); and 
                
    certain costs for water resource development in Nevada and New Mexico. 

24 

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   our Arizona Recharge Facility was fully depreciated, reducing our annual operation and maintenance expense related to the site by approximately   $1 million   annually, of which   $879,000   was depreciation.  In general, we expect project costs to decrease year-over-year as our assets are essentially fully developed.  However, one-time unexpected costs could be incurred occasionally.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   project expenses increased primarily due to one-time maintenance and legal charges related to our Arizona Recharge Facility and associated water credits, which we do not expect to recur in the future. 
    
  If we fail to generate revenue, incur additional expenses beyond expectations, continue to report operating losses, or if expected prices for our water assets fall, we could be required to record additional impairment losses on our real estate, tangible and intangible water assets owned in this segment. 

Real Estate Operations 

As of   September 30, 2016  , our businesses in the real estate operations segment were primarily conducted through our   56.9%   owned subsidiaries UCP, Inc. and UCP, LLC, and its homebuilding and land development operations in California, Washington State, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee. 
    
  During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the overall U.S. housing market continued to show signs of improvement, driven by factors such as continued supply and demand imbalance, low mortgage rates and employment growth.  Individual markets continue to experience varying results, as local home inventories, affordability and employment factors strongly influence local markets. 
    
  Additionally, we believe that seasonal factors affect the broader housing market as well as our markets (see  Seasonality  in the    Liquidity and Capital Resources    section below).  Individual markets continue to experience varying results, as local home inventories, home affordability, and employment factors strongly influence each local market. 
    
  Homebuilding and land development are local businesses.  As a result, we expect local market conditions will affect our community count, revenue and operating performance.  Local market trends are the principal factors that impact our revenue and our revenue-related expenses.  For example, when these trends are favorable, we expect our revenues from homebuilding and land development, as well as the expenses that vary with revenue, to generally increase; conversely, when these trends are negative, we expect our revenue and expenses that vary with revenue to generally decline, although in each case the impact may not be immediate or directly proportional.  When trends are favorable, we would expect to increase our community count by opening additional communities and expanding existing communities; conversely, when these trends are negative, we would expect to reduce or maintain our community count or decrease the pace at which we open additional communities and expand existing communities. 

25 

Owned and Controlled Lots 
    
  The following tables present certain information with respect to our owned or controlled lots, which are pursuant to purchase or option contracts: 

(1)    Controlled lots are those subject to a purchase or option contract. 

26 

Summary Results of UCP Revenue and Gross Margin for Homes and Lots 

(1)    This average does not include   $1.4 million   of revenue for the sale of land not previously included in our lot count. 
    
  In the following discussion, gross margin is defined as sale of real estate less cost of real estate sold, and gross margin percentage is defined as gross margin divided by sale of real estate. 
    
  Third   Quarter Segment Revenue and Gross Margin 
    
  The year-over-year   third   quarter   increase   in total segment revenue was primarily attributable to the following combination of factors: 

an   increase   in the average selling price ( ASP ) of homes sold, which was primarily the result of increased deliveries at communities located in areas with higher home prices;  
                
    an   increase   in undeveloped lot revenue; and was partially offset by 
                
    a   decrease   in the number of homes sold. 
     
   27 

The gross margin percentage of homes sold decreased in the   third   quarter of   2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to higher costs of home sales, which was attributable to a change in the mix of selling communities period-over-period, as our current portfolio of selling communities had a relatively higher cost basis than the homes sold during the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  The lower gross margin in lot sales for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , was the result of a land sale in Bakersfield, California of 65 lots that were impaired, and written down to fair value, in the prior quarter.  Although there were no finished lot sales during the   third   quarter of   2015  , we did recognize revenue and the associated cost of goods sold as a result of partially satisfying certain performance obligations related to a land sale from a prior period and we were able to recognize a portion of previously deferred revenue. 
    
  Nine Months Segment Revenue and Gross Margin 
    
  The increase in first   nine   months year-over year total segment revenue was primarily attributable to the following combination of factors: 

an   increase   in the number of homes sold which was attributable to several factors, including an   increase   in the number of  selling communities and favorable sales pace at certain of those communities; 
                
    an   increase   in the ASP of homes sold, which was primarily the result of increased deliveries at communities located in areas with higher home prices; and was partially offset by 
                
    a   decrease   in the number of lots sold. 
       
  The gross margin percentage of homes sold during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     increase  d from the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to a change in the mix of selling communities as our current portfolio of selling communities had a higher ASP than the selling communities we sold during the   2015   period. 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our lot sales gross margin percentage decreased, as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to an impairment charge during the second quarter of 2016.  This land sale closed in the third quarter of 2016 and, as a result of the previous impairment, did not result in a significant gross margin. 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , UCP recorded an impairment loss of   $2.4 million   on real estate located in Bakersfield, California, reducing the carrying value to   $5.6 million   and recorded an impairment loss of   $191,000   on real estate located in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
    
  Backlog 
    
  UCP s homebuilding backlog (homes under sales contracts that have not yet closed at the end of the relevant period) at   September 30, 2016   was   $157.2 million   as compared to a backlog of   $120.8 million   at   September 30, 2015  .  Sales contracts relating to homes in backlog may be canceled by the purchaser for a number of reasons.  Accordingly, backlog may not be indicative of future segment revenue. 
    
  Segment Expenses 
    
  Operating expenses increased in total year-over-year during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  This increase is primarily attributable to an increase in the cost of real estate and water assets sold due to an increase in the number of homes delivered and an increase in the average selling price of homes sold.  Additionally, there was an increase in impairment losses from the write off of our goodwill.  The year-over-year decrease in operating expenses for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily related to the reduction in the contingent consideration liability related to the Citizens assets, which was partially offset by increases in salaries and bonus expenses recorded during the period.  
    
  If we report significant or sustained operating losses in the future, or if market conditions deteriorate, we could be required to record impairment losses on our real estate assets. 

28 

Corporate 

The corporate segment consists of cash, fixed-income securities and equity securities, our investments in Mindjet and Synthonics, the assets, liabilities and the results of operations of our oil and gas venture, Mendell, and other parent company assets and liabilities which are not contained in other segments, including the assets and liabilities of the deferred compensation trusts held for the benefit of certain officers and non-employee directors.  Revenue includes sales from our oil and gas operations, and realized gains or losses on the sale or impairment of securities and can vary considerably from year to year.  The segment results above do not include our share of the income or loss from any investments we accounted for using the equity method during the respective years presented. 
    
  The expenses recorded in this segment primarily consist of parent company costs which are not allocated to our other segments, for example, salaries and benefits, directors  fees, shareholder costs, rent for our head office, stock-based compensation expense, deferred compensation expense, and expenses related to the operations of our oil and gas venture, which consists primarily of our administrative service agreement for the management and administration of the oil and gas wells. 
    
  Corporate segment results can fluctuate due to one or more individually significant revenue or expense items which occur irregularly, for example, realized gains or losses on the sale of investments, or which can change significantly from period to period, such as foreign currency gains or losses.  Consequently, the corporate segment results are not typically comparable from year to year. 
    
  Deferred Compensation Revenue and Expense 
    
  The participants in the deferred compensation plan bear the risk of the investment return on the deferred compensation assets, similar to a defined contribution plan such as a 401(k) plan.  The investment income and realized gains or losses from the deferred compensation assets are recorded as revenue in the period that they are earned, and a corresponding and offsetting cost or benefit is recorded as deferred compensation expense or recovery.  The change in net unrealized appreciation or depreciation in the deferred compensation assets is charged to compensation expense.  Once the deferred compensation has been distributed, over the lifetime of the assets, the revenue and deferred compensation expense equal and there is no net effect on segment results. 
    
  Segment Revenue 
    
  The year-over-year increase in segment revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to the   $20.7 million   impairment loss on our investment in Mindjet recorded during the second quarter of 2015, while there was no corresponding loss in the current year. 

29 

Included in other income was revenue from our oil and gas operations that increased to   $320,000   from $  243,000   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and to   $1.1 million   from   $731,000   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The increase in revenue year-over-year was primarily due to significantly higher production volumes of oil and gas, which was partially offset by lower market prices. 
    
  Segment Expenses 
    
  Excluding deferred compensation expense, segment costs and expenses decreased during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as the Company recorded less stock-based compensation, impairment losses and continued to realize the impact of cost savings measures.  The decrease in general, administrative and other expense in each period was the result of decreased salary and benefits expense from a reduction in executive compensation and staffing at the corporate office offset by an increase in legal fees and other costs related to shareholder matters.  However, during the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company expects to record significant severance expense related to the termination of PICO s former President and Chief Executive Officer.  See Note 12,    Subsequent Events  ,  for additional information. 
    
  We recorded impairment losses of   $201,000   and   $1.8 million   on our oil and gas wells during the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  An analysis based on current pricing of crude oil and gas, estimated oil and gas reserves, and ongoing expenses for the wells determined that the capitalized costs of the wells would not be recovered from the estimated future cash flows.  The impairment loss reduced the assets down to their estimated fair values.   In October 2016, we sold the majority of our oil and gas assets.  See Note 12,    Subsequent Events,    for additional information.  We do not expect to allocate any additional capital to our oil and gas venture, and the remaining carrying value of the assets is not significant. 
    
  Deferred compensation expense increased to   $2.8 million   from   $1.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The increase was due to appreciation of the marketable securities in the portfolio during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  It is reasonably possible given the volatile nature of software, biopharmaceutical, and the oil and gas industries that circumstances may change in the future which could require us to record additional impairment losses on our investments in small businesses included in this segment. 

30 

Discontinued Agribusiness Operations 

We sold substantially all of the assets used in our agribusiness operations in   2015   and as a result, we no longer operate an agribusiness segment.  We have classified our agribusiness operations as a discontinued agribusiness operation in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.  Although there are outstanding issues to resolve with respect to this sale, as of   September 30, 2016  , we do not expect to record any other significant expenses related to the operations or sale of our discontinued agribusiness operations.  However, any future adjustments to the sale price, including resolution of possible indemnification obligations above our initial expectations, and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the disposition of the business will be reported within our discontinued agribusiness operations. 
  
   31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources     Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
    
  Cash Flow 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , our assets consisted primarily of real estate and tangible and intangible water assets, cash and cash equivalents, and investments in publicly-traded securities.  Our liquid funds are generally held in money market funds. 
    
  Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments held in each segment at   September 30, 2016   were as follows: 
                   
    Water resource and water storage operations segment held cash of $373,000. 
        
    Real estate operations segment held cash of $27.6 million. 
        
    Corporate segment held cash of $9.9 million and marketable equity and debt securities with a market value of $20.5 million and $4.4 million, respectively.  The securities are held in deferred compensation rabbi trusts accounts that will be used to pay the related and offsetting deferred compensation liabilities although such assets could be used to pay creditors if needed.  We expect to distribute a portion of the deferred compensation balance in April 2017 having a value of approximately $22.8 million at September 30, 2016.  See Note 12,  Subsequent Events  for additional information. 
        
    Discontinued agribusiness operations segment held cash of $438,000. 

Our primary sources of funds include existing cash, the sale of tangible and intangible water resource assets, loans and debt or equity offerings, and sales of our businesses.  We are not subject to any debt covenants which limit our ability to obtain additional financing through debt or equity offerings.  Debt covenants and restrictions in UCP limit us from transferring cash from those operations for use elsewhere in our Company.  However, we expect to receive required cash distributions from UCP for minimum tax payments due as the underlying partnership generates taxable income.  Regardless, cash flows from the majority of our real estate operations are restricted for use in those operations. 
    
  Our cash flows fluctuate depending on the capital requirements of our operating subsidiaries.  The sale of and costs incurred to acquire and develop real estate and water assets are generally classified as operating activities in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows.  The cash flow profiles of our principal operating segments are as follows: 
    
  Water Resource and Water Storage Operations 
    
  A substantial portion of our revenue in this segment has come from sales of real estate and water assets.  The assets are typically long-term water resource development projects to support growth for particular communities in the southwestern U.S.  The timing and amount of sales and cash flows depend on a number of factors which are difficult to project, and cannot be directly compared from one period to another.  Our project expenses are generally discretionary in nature. 
    
  Real Estate Operations 
    
  We are a homebuilder and developer in California, Washington State, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee.  We finance additional acquisitions, development and construction costs from our existing cash, proceeds of the sale of existing lots and homes, and/or through external financing. 
    
  Certain of our debt agreements in our real estate operations contain various significant financial covenants, with each of which we were in compliance with at   September 30, 2016  , as follows: 
    
  1) Certain of our real estate debt include provisions that require minimum loan-to-value ratios.  During the term of the loan, the lender may require us to obtain a third-party written appraisal of the underlying real estate collateral.  If the appraised fair value of the collateral securing the loan is below the specified minimum, we may be required to make principal payments in order to maintain the required loan-to-value ratios.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the lenders have not requested, and we have not obtained, any such appraisals. 

32 

2) UCP s senior notes limit its ability to, among other things, incur or guarantee additional unsecured and secured indebtedness (provided that UCP may incur indebtedness so long as UCP s ratio of indebtedness to its consolidated tangible assets (on a pro forma basis) would be equal to or less than 45% and provided that the aggregate amount of secured debt may not exceed the greater of $75 million or 30% of UCP s consolidated tangible assets); pay dividends and make certain investments and other restricted payments; acquire unimproved real property in excess of $75 million per fiscal year or in excess of $150 million over the term of the notes, except to the extent funded with subordinated obligations or the proceeds of equity issuances; create or incur certain liens; transfer or sell certain assets; and merge or consolidate with other companies or transfer or sell all or substantially all of UCP s consolidated assets.  Additionally, the notes require UCP to maintain at least $50 million of consolidated tangible assets not subject to liens securing indebtedness; maintain a minimum net worth of $175 million; maintain a minimum of $15 million of unrestricted cash and/or cash equivalents; and not permit decreases in the amount of consolidated tangible assets by more than $25 million in any fiscal year or more than $50 million at any time. 
    
  UCP is actively considering three primary alternatives to meet their obligations with respect to the senior notes that mature in October 2017. UCP may seek to extend the maturity of the senior notes or refinance the senior notes with new senior notes, including the option to arrange new senior notes in the public or private capital markets if conditions are favorable.  UCP may also seek to refinance the senior notes on a leverage neutral basis, by seeking to increase the amount of borrowings available under their acquisition, development and construction loans, which are secured by their real estate inventories. Finally, UCP s cash position, which they believe we will continue to grow prior to maturity of the senior notes, may be used to meet a portion of their obligations with respect to the senior notes. Alternatively, UCP may choose to combine some or all of these, or other, potential sources of capital to meet their obligations with respect to the senior notes. UCP s determination of how to meet their obligations with respect to the senior notes and their success in so doing, will depend upon various factors, including general market conditions, conditions in the credit markets, UCP s financial position, operating performance, the value of UCP s land inventories and prospects. 
    
  Corporate 
    
  On   October 10, 2016  , John R. Hart s employment as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company was terminated, effective as of   October 12, 2016  .   As a result, we will accrue   $10.4 million   in severance benefits and vacation differential, remaining stock-based compensation, and any related expenses in the fourth quarter of   2016  .  In accordance with applicable regulations, we will be required to pay such severance benefits and vacation differential, stock settle the vested RSU, and distribute Mr. Hart s deferred compensation balance (which was valued at approximately   $22.8 million   as of   September 30, 2016  ), no earlier than six months and a day after the effective date of the termination.  See Note 12,    Subsequent Events,    for additional information. 
    
  Our corporate segment generated a modest amount of cash flow from the sale of oil and gas production from our wells in Colorado. During   October 2016  , we sold a majority of these assets for gross proceeds of   $10.2 million  .  After certain holdbacks and consideration of liabilities assumed by the buyer, we received   $9.2 million   in cash with the potential to receive an additional   $587,000   if and when certain title defects are corrected.  See Note 12,    Subsequent Events    for additional information.  We do not expect to reinvest the proceeds or fund any additional capital into our oil and gas operations and expect to be completely out of the oil and gas business within six to nine months as we attempt to sell the remaining wells and leases. 
    
  Due to the depressed prices of oil and gas, we recorded impairment losses on our oil and gas assets during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . It is reasonably possible that we will continue reporting operating and impairment losses from our oil and gas operations and remaining assets, although the remaining carrying value of such assets is immaterial.  
    
  Discontinued Agribusiness Operations 
    
  During the third quarter of 2015, we sold our agribusiness operations.  After repayment of outstanding debt and selling and other related costs of the transaction, we received net proceeds of   $18.4 million  .  From these net proceeds we were required to deposit   $6 million   in escrow to secure general indemnification obligations, with any balance remaining after payment of indemnification claims released in January 2017, and   $4.2 million   in escrow for specified operational matters (the  operational escrow ).  To date, no material claims have been made against the general indemnification. 
    
  Specified amounts of the operational escrow related to proposed amendments to two environmental permits.  We resolved the air quality issue and had the   $2.4 million   escrowed amount released to us in October 2015.  However, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we were notified that the relevant regulatory authorities had not approved the waste water permit at the levels required under the sale agreement.  Consequently, the remaining   $1.8 million   operational escrow amount was released to CHS Inc. ( CHS ) in full satisfaction of the matter resulting in us recording the amount as additional loss on the sale of our discontinued operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

33 

We have also guaranteed up to   $8 million   for any indemnification claims in excess of the   $6 million   general indemnification escrow pursuant to the terms of a guaranty agreement by and between us and CHS, which was executed at the closing.  This guaranty will remain in force for five years from the date of sale. 
    
  Consolidated Cash and Securities 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had unrestricted and available cash and securities of   $9.7 million  , which could be used for general corporate purposes.  At   December 31, 2015  , we had unrestricted and available cash and securities of   $13.1 million  . 
    
  We estimate that we have sufficient cash and available-for-sale investments to cover our cash needs for at least the next 12 months.  In the long-term, we estimate that existing cash resources and cash from operations will provide us with adequate funding for future operations.  However, if additional funding is needed, we could defer significant expenditures, sell assets, obtain a line of credit, or complete debt or equity offerings.  Any additional equity offerings may be dilutive to our stockholders and any additional debt offerings may include operating covenants that could restrict our business. 
    
  Cash Flow 
    
  The following is a summary of our cash flows (in thousands): 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
    
  The principal operating cash outflows from continuing operations for the first   nine   months of   2016   were   $225.4 million   used to acquire and develop real estate and residential lots and housing and   $36.7 million   used for overhead and various project expenses.  Our cash inflows from continuing operations were   $243.2 million   from sales of residential real estate and lots.  Our discontinued agribusiness operations did not have any significant uses of cash during the first   nine   months of   2016  . 
    
  The principal operating cash outflows from continuing operations for the first   nine   months of   2015   were   $200.2 million   in cash to acquire and develop real estate and residential lots and housing and   $36.2 million   for overhead and various project expenses.  Our cash inflows from continuing operations were   $172.5 million   from sales of residential real estate and lots,   $3.9 million   from sales of water assets, and   $1.6 million   from sales of oil and gas and other operational income.  Our discontinued agribusiness operations used   $79.3 million   for purchases of canola seed and   $19.9 million   for overhead and various other plan expenses, offset by   $82 million   provided from the sales of canola oil and meal during the first   nine   months of   2015  .  
    
  Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
    
  We did not have any significant cash flows from investing activities in our continuing operations or discontinued agribusiness operations for the first   nine   months of   2016  . 

34 

Our primary cash inflows from investing activities of continuing operations for the first   nine   months of   2015   included   $8.4 million   from the sale and maturity of debt and equity securities, offset by   $1.8 million   used to purchase debt and equity securities and   $2 million   used to purchase property, plant, and equipment.  During the first   nine   months of   2015  , investing activities from our discontinued agribusiness operations provided   $95.1 million   in net proceeds from the sale of our discontinued agribusiness operations, which was comprised of gross proceeds from the sale from the sale of   $105.3 million   less   $10.2 million   held back in the operational escrow, and   $5 million   in cash released from a debt service reserve account. 
    
  Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
    
  Our financing activities provided cash of   $106.7 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016  , from draws on our debt arrangements, which was used primarily to fund the acquisition and development of our real estate projects.  We used cash of   $105.5 million   primarily to repay mortgage debt when certain real estate properties were sold.  
    
  Financing activities, including discontinued agribusiness operations, used cash of   50.3 million   during the first   nine   months of   2015  , primarily due to repayments of debt of   $174.5 million  , including   $96.6 million   paid on debt arrangements in our discontinued agribusiness operations and   $77.9 million   of mortgage debt repaid when certain real estate properties were sold.  These uses of cash were offset by cash proceeds of   $125.3 million   provided from our debt arrangements, including   $12.7 million   from our working capital line of credit within our discontinued agribusiness operations and   $112.6 million   used primarily to fund the acquisition and development of our real estate projects. 
    
  Our outstanding debt held by our continuing operations at   September 30, 2016   was   $157.8 million   all of which is in UCP and included various types of debt financing incurred for the acquisition, development and construction of real estate inventories and construction of homes, and the senior notes were also for general corporate purposes and working capital. Often, these debt obligations are secured by the underlying real estate. Certain loans are funded in full at the initial loan closing and others are revolving facilities.  Although we cannot accurately predict the effect of inflation on our operations, we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our net revenues or results of operations, or is likely to in the foreseeable future. 
    
  Seasonality 
    
  Historically, the homebuilding industry experiences seasonal fluctuations in quarterly operating results and capital requirements.  We typically experience the highest new home order activity in spring and summer, although this activity is also highly dependent on the number of active selling communities, timing of new community openings and other market factors.  As it typically takes four to six months to construct a new home, we generally deliver more homes in the second half of the year as spring and summer home orders convert to home deliveries.  Due to this seasonality, home starts, construction costs and related cash outflows have historically been highest in the second and third quarters, and the majority of cash receipts from home deliveries occur during the second half of the year.  We expect this seasonal pattern to continue over the long term, although it may be affected by volatility in the homebuilding industry. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no off-balance sheet arrangements, other than those disclosed in this Form 10-Q, that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on our consolidated financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditure, or capital resources. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
    
  Our balance sheet includes a significant amount of assets and liabilities whose fair value is subject to market risk.  Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market interest rates or prices.  We currently have interest rate risk as it relates to investments in debt securities, and equity price risk as it relates to our marketable equity securities.  The estimated fair value of our debt is based on cash flow models discounted at the then-current interest rates and an estimate of the then-current spread above those rates at which we could borrow, which are Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had   $4.4 million   of marketable debt securities and   $20.5 million   of marketable equity securities, and at   December 31, 2015  , we had   $4.5 million   of debt securities and   $18.1 million   of marketable equity securities, which were subject to market risk. 

35 

Our debt securities principally consist of bonds with short and medium terms to maturity.  From time to time, we buy investment-grade bonds with short and medium term maturities to earn a higher return on liquid funds than is available from money market funds.  We manage the interest risk by matching the maturity of the securities to budgeted cash requirements.  The deferred compensation accounts hold both investment-grade and below investment-grade bonds.  In the deferred compensation accounts, we manage interest rate risk by matching the maturities of the bonds to the participant s pre-selected payout schedule. 
    
  We use two models to report the sensitivity of our assets and liabilities subject to the above risks.  For debt securities, we use duration modeling to calculate changes in fair value.  The model calculates the price of a fixed maturity assuming a theoretical 100 basis point, or a 1% increase in interest rates and compares that to the current price of the security.  At   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   the model did not calculate a material loss in fair value.  For our marketable equity securities, we use a hypothetical 20% decrease in fair value to analyze the sensitivity.  The hypothetical 20% decrease in fair value of our marketable equity securities would produce a loss in fair value of   $4.1 million   and   $3.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which would reduce the unrealized appreciation in equity. 
    
  Actual results may differ from the hypothetical results assumed in this disclosure due to possible actions we may take to mitigate adverse changes in fair value, and because the fair value of securities may be affected by both factors related to the individual securities (e.g. credit concerns about a bond issuer) and general market conditions. 

Item 4:  Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II: Other Information 

Item 1:  Legal Proceedings 
    
  None. 

Item 1A:  Risk Factors 
    
  The following information sets out factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those we may make from time to time.  You should carefully consider the following risks, together with other matters described in this Form 10-Q or incorporated herein by reference in evaluating our business and prospects.  If any of the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be harmed.  In such case, the trading price of our securities could decline, in some cases significantly. 
    
  The risk factors in this report have been revised to incorporate changes to our risk factors from those included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  The risk factors set forth below with an asterisk (*) next to the title are new risk factors or risk factors containing changes, including any material changes, from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC. 

36 

General economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, financial condition and the demand for and the fair value of our assets. 
    
  All of our businesses are sensitive to general economic conditions, whether internationally, nationally, or locally.  General poor economic conditions and the resulting effect of non-existent or slow rates of growth in the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on the demand for both our real estate and water assets.  These poor economic conditions include higher unemployment, inflation, deflation, decreases in consumer demand, changes in buying patterns, a weakened dollar, higher consumer debt levels, and higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws or other economic factors that may affect commercial and residential real estate development. 
    
  Specifically, high national or regional unemployment may arrest or delay any significant recovery of the residential real estate markets in which we operate, which could adversely affect the demand for our real estate and water assets.  Any prolonged lack of demand for our real estate and water assets could have a significant adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations, cash flows, and the return on our investment from these assets. 
    
  Our future revenue is uncertain and depends on a number of factors that may make our revenue, profitability, cash flows, and the fair value of our assets volatile. 
    
  Our future revenue and profitability related to our water resource and water storage operations will primarily be dependent on our ability to develop and sell or lease water assets.  In light of the fact that our water resource and water storage operations represent a large percentage of our overall business at present, our long-term profitability and the fair value of the assets related to our water resource and water storage operations will be affected by various factors, including the drought in the southwest, regulatory approvals and permits associated with such assets, transportation arrangements, and changing technology.  We may also encounter unforeseen technical or other difficulties which could result in cost increases with respect to our water resource and water storage development projects.  Moreover, our profitability and the fair value of the assets related to our water resource and water storage operations is significantly affected by changes in the market price of water.  Future sales and prices of water may fluctuate widely as demand is affected by climatic, economic, demographic and technological factors as well as the relative strength of the residential, commercial, financial, and industrial real estate markets.  Additionally, to the extent that we possess junior or conditional water rights, during extreme climatic conditions, such as periods of low flow or drought, our water rights could be subordinated to superior water rights holders.  The factors described above are not within our control. 
    
  Our future revenue, growth, and the demand for and the fair value of our assets related to our land development and homebuilding activities depends, in part, upon our ability to successfully identify and acquire attractive land parcels for development of single-family homes at reasonable prices.  Our ability to acquire land parcels for new single-family homes may be adversely affected by changes in the general availability of land parcels, the willingness of land sellers to sell land prices at reasonable prices, competition for available land parcels, availability of financing to acquire land parcels, zoning and other market conditions.  If the supply of land parcels appropriate for development of single-family homes is limited because of these factors, or for any other reason, our ability to grow and increase the fair value of our assets related to our land development and homebuilding business could be significantly limited, and our land development and homebuilding revenue and gross margin could remain static or decline and it could adversely affect the return on our investment from these assets. 
    
  One or more of the above factors in one or more of our operating segments could impact our revenue and profitability, negatively affect our financial condition and cash flows, cause our results of operations to be volatile, and could negatively impact our rate of return on our real estate and water assets and cause us to divest such assets for less than our intended return on our investment. 

37 

A downturn in the recent improvement that the homebuilding and land development industry has experienced would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and the demand for and the fair value of our assets. 
    
  The homebuilding industry experienced a significant and sustained downturn in recent years having been impacted by factors that include, but are not limited to, weak general economic and employment growth, a lack of consumer confidence,  large supplies of resale and foreclosed homes, a significant number of homeowners whose outstanding principal balance on their mortgage loan exceeds the market value of their home and tight lending standards and practices for mortgage loans that limit consumers  ability to qualify for mortgage financing to purchase a home.  These factors resulted in an industry-wide weakness in demand for new homes and caused a material adverse effect on the growth of the local economies and the homebuilding industry in the southwestern United States ( U.S. ) markets where a substantial amount of our real estate and water assets are located, including the states of Nevada, Arizona, California, Colorado, and New Mexico.  However, in 2012, we noted a significant improvement in the housing market which led to increased levels of real estate development activity.  The continuation of the recent improvement in residential and commercial real estate development process and activity is essential for our ability to generate operating income in our water resource and water storage, and land development and homebuilding businesses.  We are unable to predict whether and to what extent this recovery will continue or its timing.  Any future slow-down in real estate and homebuilding activity could adversely impact various development projects within the markets in which our real estate and water assets are located and this could materially affect the demand for and the fair value of these assets and our ability to monetize these assets.  Declines and weak conditions in the U.S. housing market have reduced our revenues and created losses in our water resource and water storage, and land development and homebuilding businesses in prior years and could do so in the future. 
    
  We may not be able to realize the anticipated value of our real estate and water assets in our projected time frame, if at all. 
    
  We expect that the current rate of growth of the economy will continue to have an impact on real estate market fundamentals.  Depending on how markets perform both in the short and long-term, the state of the economy, both nationally and locally in the markets where our assets are concentrated, could result in a decline in the value of our existing real estate and water assets, or result in our having to retain such assets for longer than we initially expected, which would negatively impact our rate of return on our real estate and water assets, cause us to divest such assets for less than our intended return on investment, or cause us to incur impairments on the book values of such assets to estimated fair value.  Such events would adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  The fair values of our real estate and water assets are linked to growth factors concerning the local markets in which our assets are concentrated and may be impacted by broader economic issues. 
    
  Both the demand and fair value of our real estate and water assets are significantly affected by the growth in population and the general state of the local economies where our real estate and water assets are located.  These local economies may be affected by factors such as the local level of employment and the availability of financing and interest rates, where (1) our real estate and water assets are located, primarily in Arizona and northern Nevada, but also in Colorado and New Mexico and (2) our land development and homebuilding assets are located, primarily in California and also Washington, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee.  The unemployment rate in these states, as well as issues related to the credit markets, may prolong a slowdown of the local economies where our real estate and water assets are located.  This could materially and adversely affect the demand for and the fair value of our real estate and water assets and, consequently, adversely affect our growth and revenues, results of operations, cash flows and the return on our investment from these assets. 
    
  The fair values of our real estate and water assets may decrease which could adversely affect our results of operations by impairments and write-downs. 
    
  The fair value of our water resource and water storage assets and our land and homebuilding assets depends on market conditions.  We acquire water resources and land for expansion into new markets and for replacement of inventory and expansion within our current markets.  The valuation of real estate and water assets is inherently subjective and based on the individual characteristics of each asset.  Factors such as changes in regulatory requirements and applicable laws, political conditions, the condition of financial markets, local and national economic conditions, the financial condition of customers, potentially adverse tax consequences, and interest and inflation rate fluctuations subject valuations to uncertainties.  In addition, our valuations are made on the basis of assumptions that may not prove to reflect economic or demographic reality.  If population growth and, as a result, water and/or housing demand in our markets fails to meet our expectations when we acquired our real estate and water assets, our profitability may be adversely affected and we may not be able to recover our costs when we sell our real estate and water assets.  We regularly review the value of our real estate and water assets.  These reviews have resulted in significant impairments to our water resource assets and /or land development assets.  Such impairments have adversely affected our results of operations and our financial condition in those years. 
  
   38 

If future market conditions adversely impact the anticipated timing of and amount of sales of our real estate and water assets we may be required to record further significant impairments to the carrying value of our real estate and water assets which would adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. 
    
  * Our water resource and water storage operations are concentrated in a limited number of assets, making our profitability and the fair value of those assets vulnerable to conditions and fluctuations in a limited number of local economies. 
    
  We anticipate that a significant amount of our water resource and water storage segment revenue, results of operations and cash flows will come from a limited number of assets, which primarily consist of our water resources in Nevada and Arizona and our water storage operations in Arizona.  Water resources in this region are scarce and we may not be successful in continuing to develop additional water assets.  If we are unable to develop additional water assets, our revenues will be derived from a limited number of assets, primarily located in Arizona and Nevada.  Our two most significant assets are our water storage operations in Arizona and our water resources to serve the northern valleys of Reno, Nevada.  As a result of this concentration, our invested capital and results of operations will be vulnerable to the conditions and fluctuations in these local economies and potentially to changes in local government regulations. 
    
  Our Arizona Recharge Facility is one of the few private sector water storage sites in Arizona.  We have approximately 251,000 acre-feet of water stored at the facility.  In addition, we have approximately 157,000 acre-feet of water stored in the Phoenix Active Management Area.  We have not stored any water on behalf of any customers and have not generated any material revenue from the recharge facility or from the water stored in the Phoenix Active Management Area.  We believe that the best economic return on the assets arises from storing water when surplus water is available and selling this water in periods when water is in more limited supply.  However, we cannot be certain that we will ultimately be able to sell the stored water at a price sufficient to provide an adequate economic profit, if at all. 
    
  We constructed a pipeline approximately 35 miles long to deliver water from Fish Springs Ranch to the northern valleys of Reno, Nevada.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the total cost of the pipeline project, including our water credits, (net of impairment losses incurred to date) carried on our balance sheet is approximately   $83.9 million  .  To date, we have sold only a small amount of the water credits and we cannot provide any assurance that the sales prices we may obtain in the future will provide an adequate economic return, if at all.  Furthermore, we believe the principal buyers of this water are likely real estate developers who are contending with the effects of the current weak demand that exists for new homes and residential development in this area.  Any prolonged weak demand for new homes and residential development, and, as a result, for our assets in Nevada and Arizona, would have a material adverse effect on our future revenues, results of operations, cash flows, and the return on our investment from those assets. 
    
  We are subject to laws and regulations, which may increase our costs, result in liabilities, limit the areas in which we can build homes and delay completion of our projects. 
    
  Our real estate operations are subject to a variety of local, state, federal and other laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the environment, hazardous materials, the discharge of pollutants and human health and safety.  The particular environmental requirements which apply to any given project site vary according to multiple factors, including the site s location, its environmental conditions, the current and former uses of the site, the presence or absence of state- or federal-listed endangered or threatened plants or animals or sensitive habitats, and conditions at nearby properties.  We may not identify all of these concerns during any pre-acquisition or pre-development review of project sites.  Environmental requirements and conditions may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or in areas contaminated by others before we commence development.  We are also subject to third-party challenges, such as by environmental groups or neighborhood associations, under environmental laws and regulations governing the permits and other approvals for our real estate projects and operations.  Sometimes regulators from different governmental agencies do not concur on development, remedial standards or property use restrictions for a project, and the resulting delays or additional costs can be material for a given project. 
    
  In addition, in cases where a state-listed or federally-listed endangered or threatened species is involved and related agency rule-making and litigation are ongoing, the outcome of such rule-making and litigation can be unpredictable and can result in unplanned or unforeseeable restrictions on, or the prohibition of, development and building activity in identified environmentally sensitive areas. 

39 

Our real estate operations are also subject to numerous other laws and regulations that affect the land development and homebuilding process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses, levels of density, building design, water and waste disposal and use of open spaces.  We are typically required to obtain permits, entitlements and approvals from local authorities to start and carry out residential development or home construction.  Such permits, entitlements and approvals may, from time-to-time, be opposed or challenged by local governments or other interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process.  Our obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, and our need to ensure that our subcontractors and other agents comply with these laws and regulations may result in delays in construction and land development and may also cause us to incur substantial additional and unbudgeted costs. 
    
  We will face significant competition in marketing and selling new homes. 
    
  We have entered the homebuilding business by constructing, marketing and selling single-family homes on certain of our finished residential lots that we own in California, Washington, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee.  We aim to build homes only in those markets where we have identified that a sufficient demand exists for new homes.  However, the homebuilding industry is highly competitive and we will be competing with a number of national and local homebuilders in selling homes to satisfy expected demand.  These competitors, especially the national homebuilders, have greater resources and experience in this industry than we have.  Such competition could result in lower than anticipated sales volumes and/or profit margins that are below our expectations.  In addition, we will have to compete with the resale of existing homes, including foreclosed homes, which could also negatively affect the number and price of homes we are able to sell and the time our homes remain on the market. 
    
  We use leverage to finance a portion of the cost to acquire our land development assets and to construct homes. 
    
  We currently use, and expect to continue to use, debt to finance a portion of the cost of constructing our homes and acquiring and developing our lots.  Such indebtedness is primarily comprised of project-level secured acquisition, development and construction loans, with recourse limited to the securing collateral. 
    
  Incurring debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would adversely affect us, including the risk that: 

our cash flow from our land development and homebuilding operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal of and interest on the debt which is likely to result in acceleration of the maturity of such debt; 
                
    our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that investment yields will increase with higher financing cost; 
                
    we may be required to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from our land development and homebuilding operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for the operations and capital expenditures; and 
                
    the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of the debt being refinanced. 
       
  If we do not have sufficient funds to repay our debt at maturity, it may be necessary to refinance the debt through additional debt or additional equity financings which could dilute our interest in our land development and homebuilding business.  If, at the time of any refinancing, prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates on refinancing, increases in interest expense could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.  If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced to dispose of our land development and housing assets on disadvantageous terms, potentially resulting in losses.  To the extent we cannot meet any future debt service obligations, we will risk losing some or all of our assets that may be pledged to secure our obligations to foreclosure.  Defaults under our debt agreements used to finance a portion of the cost of constructing homes and acquiring and developing lots could have a material adverse effect on our land development and homebuilding business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations, and the return on our investment from those assets. 
    
  We may be subject to significant warranty, construction defect and liability claims in the ordinary course of our homebuilding business. 
    
  As a homebuilder, we may be subject to home warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of business.  We may also be subject to liability claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities.  Due to the inherent uncertainties in such claims, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage or our subcontractors  insurance and financial resources will be sufficient to meet any warranty, construction defect and liability claims we may receive in the future.  If we are subject to claims beyond our insurance coverage, our profit from our homebuilding activities may be less than we expect and our financial condition and the return on our investment from those assets may be adversely affected. 

40 

We will be relying on the performance of our subcontractors to build horizontal infrastructure and homes according to our budget, timetable and quality. 
    
  We rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of horizontal infrastructure (in the cases where we are completing the development of entitled lots to finished lots) and of the homes we are building on certain of our finished lots.  In certain cases, we will also rely on the subcontractor to select and obtain raw materials.  Our subcontractors may fail to meet either our quality control or be unable to build and complete the horizontal infrastructure or homes in the expected timetable due to subcontractor related issues such as being unable to obtain sufficient materials or skilled labor, or due to external factors such as delays arising from severe weather conditions. 
    
  Any such failure by our subcontractors could lead to increases in construction costs and construction delays.  Such increases could negatively impact the price and number of finished lots and homes we are able to sell. 
    
  Our homebuilding operations may be adversely impacted by the availability of and the demand for mortgage financing and any changes to the tax benefits associated with owning a home. 
    
  To successfully market and sell the homes we construct depends on the ability of home buyers to obtain mortgage financing for the purchase of these new homes.  Current credit requirements for mortgage financing are significantly greater than in the past which makes it more difficult for a potential home buyer to obtain mortgage financing.  In addition, any significant increase in interest rates from current rates may also lead to increased mortgage finance costs leading to a decline in demand and availability of mortgage financing.  Any decline in the availability of mortgage financing may lead to a reduced demand for the homes we have already constructed, or intend to construct.  Furthermore, the demand for homes in general, and the homes we intend to construct, may be affected by changes in federal and state income tax laws.  Current federal, and many state, tax laws allow the deduction of, among other homeowner expenses, mortgage interest and property taxes against an individual s taxable income.  Any changes to the current tax laws which reduce or eliminate these deductions, or reduce or eliminate the exclusion of taxable gain from the sale of a principal residence, would likely lead to a greatly reduced demand for homes.  This would lead to a materially adverse impact on the homebuilding business, and the fair value of those assets in general, and our revenues, cash flows, financial condition, and the return on our investment from those assets specifically. 
    
  * UCP has substantial indebtedness, which may exacerbate the adverse effect of any declines in UCP s business, industry or the general economy and exposes UCP to the risk of default. UCP may be unable to service their indebtedness. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , UCP had approximately   $157.8 million   of outstanding debt. UCP s substantial outstanding indebtedness, and the limitations imposed on UCP by the instruments and agreements governing its outstanding indebtedness, could have significant adverse consequences, including the following: 

UCP s cash flow may be insufficient to meet its required principal and interest payments;  
                
    UCP may use a substantial portion of their cash flows to make principal and interest payments and UCP may be unable to obtain additional financing as needed or on favorable terms, which could, among other things, have a material adverse effect on their ability to complete our development pipeline, capitalize upon emerging acquisition opportunities, fund working capital or capital expenditures, or meet their other business needs;  
                
    UCP may be unable to refinance its indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of their original indebtedness;  
                
    UCP may be forced to dispose of one or more of their properties, possibly on unfavorable terms or in violation of certain covenants to which UCP may be subject;  
                
    UCP may be required to maintain certain debt and coverage and other financial ratios at specified levels, which may limit their ability to obtain additional financing in the future, thereby reducing their financial flexibility to react to changes in their business;  
                
    UCP s vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions may be increased;  
                
    approximately   $78.2 million   of UCP s indebtedness bears interest at variable rates, which exposes it to increased interest expense in a rising interest rate environment;  
                
    UCP may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to its competitors that have less indebtedness;  
     
   41 

UCP s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in their business and the markets in which UCP operates may be limited; and  
                
    UCP may default on its indebtedness by failure to make required payments or to comply with certain covenants, which could result in an event of default entitling a creditor to declare all amounts owed to it to be due and payable, and possibly entitling other creditors (due to cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions) to accelerate the maturity of amounts owed to such other creditors or, if such indebtedness is secured, to foreclose on UCP s assets that secure such obligation. 
       
  The occurrence of any one of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and/or business. 
    
  We may suffer uninsured losses or suffer material losses in excess of insurance limits. 
    
  We could suffer physical damage to any of our assets at one or more of our different businesses and liabilities resulting in losses that may not be fully recoverable by insurance.  In addition, certain types of risks, such as personal injury claims, may be, or may become in the future, either uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may not be currently or in the future covered by our insurance policies or otherwise be subject to significant deductibles or limits.  Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur or be subject to deductibles, we could sustain financial loss or lose capital invested in the affected asset(s) as well as anticipated future income from that asset.  In addition, we could be liable to repair damage or meet liabilities caused by risks that are uninsured or subject to deductibles. 
    
  We may not receive all of the permitted water rights we expect from the water rights applications we have filed in Nevada and New Mexico. 
    
  We have filed certain water rights applications in Nevada and New Mexico.  In Nevada this is primarily as part of the water teaming agreement with Lincoln County.  We deploy the capital required to enable the filed applications to be converted into permitted water rights over time as and when we deem appropriate or as otherwise required.  We only expend capital in those areas where our initial investigations lead us to believe that we can obtain a sufficient volume of water to provide an adequate economic return on the capital employed in the project.  These capital expenditures largely consist of drilling and engineering costs for water production, costs of monitoring wells, legal and consulting costs for hearings with the State Engineer, and NEPA compliance costs.  Until the State Engineer in the relevant state permits the water rights we are applying for, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be awarded all of the water that we expect based on the results of our drilling and our legal position and it may be a considerable period of time before we are able to ascertain the final volume of water rights, if any, that will be permitted by the State Engineers.  Any significant reduction in the volume of water awarded to us from our original base expectation of the amount of water that may be permitted may result in the write down of capitalized costs which could adversely affect the return on our investment from those assets, our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows. 
    
  Variances in physical availability of water, along with environmental and legal restrictions and legal impediments, could impact profitability. 
    
  We value our water assets, in part, based upon the volume (as measured in acre-feet) of water we anticipate from water rights applications and our permitted water rights.  The water and water rights held by us and the transferability of these rights to other uses, persons, and places of use are governed by the laws concerning water rights in the states of Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, and New Mexico.  The volumes of water actually derived from the water rights applications or permitted rights may vary considerably based upon physical availability and may be further limited by applicable legal restrictions. 
    
  As a result, the volume of water anticipated from the water rights applications or permitted rights may not in every case represent a reliable, firm annual yield of water, but in some cases describe the face amount of the water right claims or management s best estimate of such entitlement.  Additionally, we may face legal restrictions on the sale or transfer of some of our water assets, which may affect their commercial value.  If the volume of water yielded from our water rights applications is less than our expectations, or we are unable to transfer or sell our water assets, we may lose some or all of our anticipated returns, which may adversely affect our revenues, profitability and cash flows. 

42 

Purchasers of our real estate and water assets may default on their obligations to us and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. 
    
  In certain circumstances, we finance sales of real estate and water assets, and we secure such financing through deeds of trust on the property, which are only released once the financing has been fully paid off.  Purchasers of our real estate and water assets may default on their financing obligations.  Such defaults may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and the results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Our sale of water assets may be subject to environmental regulations which would impact our revenues, profitability, and cash flows. 
    
  The quality of the water assets we lease or sell may be subject to regulation by the United States Environmental Protection Agency acting pursuant to the United States Safe Drinking Water Act.  While environmental regulations do not directly affect us, the regulations regarding the quality of water distributed affects our intended customers and may, therefore, depending on the quality of our water, impact the price and terms upon which we may in the future sell our water assets.  If we need to reduce the price of our water assets in order to make a sale to our intended customers, our balance sheet, return on investment, results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 
    
  Our water asset sales may meet with political opposition in certain locations, thereby limiting our growth in these areas. 
    
  The water assets we hold and the transferability of these assets and rights to other uses, persons, or places of use are governed by the laws concerning water rights in the states of Arizona, Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico.  Our sale of water assets is subject to the risks of delay associated with receiving all necessary regulatory approvals and permits.  Additionally, the transfer of water resources from one use to another may affect the economic base or impact other issues of a community including development, and will, in some instances, be met with local opposition.  Moreover, municipalities who will likely regulate the use of any water we might sell to them in order to manage growth, could create additional requirements that we must satisfy to sell and convey water assets. 
    
  If we are unable to effectively transfer, sell and convey water resources, our ability to monetize these assets will suffer and our return on investment, revenues and financial condition would decline. 
    
  If our businesses or investments otherwise fail or decline in value, our financial condition and the return on our investment could suffer. 
    
  Historically, we have acquired and invested in businesses and assets that we believed were undervalued or that would benefit from additional capital, restructuring of operations, strategic initiatives, or improved competitiveness through operational efficiencies.  If any previously acquired business, investment or asset fails or its fair value declines, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, the results of operations and cash flows.  If we are not successful managing our previous acquisitions and investments, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected.  Such business failures, declines in fair values, and/or failure to manage acquisitions or investments, could result in a negative return on equity.  We could also lose part or all of our capital in these businesses and experience reductions in our net income, cash flows, assets and equity. 
    
  Future dispositions of our businesses, assets, operations and investments, if unsuccessful, could reduce the value of our common shares.  Any future dispositions may result in significant changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities.  Consequently, our financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common shares may be affected by factors different from those historically affecting our financial condition, results of operations and trading price at the present time. 
    
  We may need additional capital in the future to fund our business and financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to our shareholders. 
    
  We currently anticipate that our available capital resources and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months.  However, we cannot provide any assurance that such resources will be sufficient to fund our business.  We may raise additional funds through public or private debt, equity or hybrid securities financings, including, without limitation, through the issuance of securities.  We currently have an effective shelf registration statement which allows us to sell up to   $400 million   of a variety of securities in one or more offerings in the public markets. 

43 

We may experience difficulty in raising necessary capital in view of the recent volatility in the capital markets and increases in the cost of finance.  Increasingly stringent rating standards could make it more difficult for us to obtain financing.  If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our shareholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing shareholders.  Indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations.  The additional financing we may need may not be available to us, or on favorable terms.  If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our ability to fund our operations or otherwise execute our strategic plan would be significantly limited.  In any such case, our business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
    
  * Our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
    
  Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if our Company undergoes an  ownership change  (generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in our equity ownership over a three year period), the ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset our post-change income may be limited.  We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately   $139.6 million   and   $193.4 million  , respectively, which, depending on our value at the time of any ownership changes, could be limited. 
    
  * We may not be able to retain key management personnel we need to succeed, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully operate our businesses. 
    
  To run our day-to-day operations and to successfully manage our businesses we must, among other things, continue to retain key management.  We rely on the services of a small team of key executive officers.  If they depart, it could have a significant adverse effect upon our business.  Also, increased competition for skilled management and staff employees in our businesses could cause us to experience significant increases in operating costs and reduced profitability. 
    
  Because our operations are diverse, analysts and investors may not be able to evaluate us adequately, which may negatively influence the price of our stock. 
    
  We are a diversified holding company with significant operations in different business segments.  We own businesses that are unique, complex in nature, and difficult to understand.  In particular, the water resource business is a developing industry in the United States with very little historical and comparable data, very complex valuation issues  and a limited following of analysts.  Because we are complex, analysts and investors may not be able to adequately evaluate our operations and enterprise as a going concern.  This could cause analysts and investors to make inaccurate evaluations of our stock, or to overlook PICO in general.  As a result, the trading volume and price of our stock could suffer and may be subject to excessive volatility. 
    
  Fluctuations in the market price of our common stock may affect your ability to sell your shares. 
    
  The trading price of our common stock has historically been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to fluctuations.  The market price of our common stock may be significantly impacted by: 

quarterly variations in financial performance and condition of our various businesses; 
                
    shortfalls in revenue or earnings from estimates forecast by securities analysts or others; 
                
    changes in estimates by such analysts; 
                
    the ability to monetize our assets, including assets related to our water resource and real estate businesses, for an adequate economic return; 
                
    our competitors  announcements of extraordinary events such as acquisitions; 
                
    litigation; and 
                
    general economic conditions and other matters described herein. 
       
  Our results of operations have been subject to significant fluctuations, particularly on a quarterly basis, and our future results of operations could fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year.  Causes of such fluctuations may include the inclusion or exclusion of operating earnings from sold operations, one time transactions, and impairment losses.  Statements or changes in opinions, ratings, or earnings estimates made by brokerage firms or industry analysts relating to the markets in which we do business or relating to us specifically could result in an immediate and adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.  Such fluctuations in the market price of our common stock could affect the value of your investment and your ability to sell your shares. 

44 

Litigation may harm our business or otherwise distract our management. 
    
  Substantial, complex or extended litigation could cause us to incur large expenditures and distract our management.  For example, lawsuits by employees, shareholders or customers could be very costly and substantially disrupt our business.  Additionally, from time to time we or our subsidiaries will have disputes with companies or individuals which may result in litigation that could necessitate our management s attention and require us to expend our resources.  We may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure to specific litigation and we cannot provide any assurance that we will always be able to resolve such disputes out of court or on terms favorable to us.  We may be forced to resolve litigation in a manner not favorable to us, and such resolution could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
    
  * We have been, and continue to be, the subject of stockholder activism efforts that could cause a material disruption to our business. 
    
  Certain investors have taken steps to involve themselves in the governance and strategic direction of our Company due to governance and strategic-related disagreements with us.  While we have formally settled with certain of such activists, other investors could take steps to involve themselves in the governance and strategic direction of our Company.  For example, we have received communications from River Road Asset Management, LLC regarding various governance and strategic matters.  Such stockholder activism efforts could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, harming our business and adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. 
    
  Our governing documents could prevent an acquisition of our company or limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for our common stock. 
    
  Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and the California General Corporation Law could discourage a third party from acquiring, or make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, control of our company without approval of our board of directors.  For example, our bylaws require advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors.  We are also subject to the provisions of Section 1203 of the California General Corporation Law, which requires a fairness opinion to be provided to our shareholders in connection with their consideration of any proposed  interested party  reorganization transaction.  All or any of these factors could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 
    
  If equity analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 
    
  The trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business.  We do not control these analysts.  The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade our stock or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 
    
  Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security threats. 
    
  In the ordinary course of our business, we use our data centers and our networks to store and access our proprietary business information.  We face various cyber security threats, including cyber security attacks to our information technology infrastructure and attempts by others to gain access to our proprietary or sensitive information.  The procedures and controls we use to monitor these threats and mitigate our exposure may not be sufficient to prevent cyber security incidents.  The result of these incidents could include disrupted operations, lost opportunities, misstated financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased costs arising from the implementation of additional security protective measures, litigation and reputational damage.  Any remedial costs or other liabilities related to cyber security incidents may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. 
    
  THE FOREGOING FACTORS, INDIVIDUALLY OR IN AGGREGATE, COULD MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND CASH FLOWS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION AND COULD MAKE COMPARISON OF HISTORIC FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, INCLUDING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND CASH FLOWS AND BALANCES, DIFFICULT OR NOT MEANINGFUL. 

Item 2:  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  See   Note 6  Debt    in Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of working capital restrictions and other limitations upon the payment of dividends, which information is incorporated by reference into this Item 2 of Part II. 

45 

Item 3:  Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 

Item 4:  Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5:  Other Information 
    
  None. 
  
   46 

Item 6.  Exhibits 
    
                     Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 
      2.1 

Asset Purchase Agreement dated July 13, 2015, by and between PICO Northstar Hallock, LLC and CHS Hallock, LLC.    (1)  
      3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PICO Holdings, Inc.    (2)  
      3.2 

Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PICO Holdings, Inc.    (5)  
      3.3 

Amended and Restated By laws of PICO Holdings, Inc.    (3)  
      3.4 

Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of PICO Holdings, Inc.    (5)  
      4.1 

Indenture, dated October 21, 2014, among UCP, Inc., the guarantors named therein, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee.    (4)  
      31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
      32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
      101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

47 

PICO HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PICO HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    By:   /s/ John T. Perri 

John T. Perri 

Chief Financial Officer 

(  Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PER SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Maxim C.W. Webb, certify that: 
    
  1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PICO Holdings, Inc. (the  Registrant  
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date:    November 1, 2016    
    
  /s/ Maxim C.W. Webb 
  Maxim C.W. Webb 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PER SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, John T. Perri, certify that: 
    
  1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PICO Holdings, Inc. (the  Registrant  
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date:    November 1, 2016    
    
  /s/ John T. Perri 
  John T. Perri 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PERSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of PICO Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Maxim C.W. Webb, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 906 ), that to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:    November 1, 2016    
    
  /s/ Maxim C.W. Webb 
  Maxim C.W. Webb 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of PICO Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John T. Perri, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 906 ), that to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:    November 1, 2016    
    
  /s/ John T. Perri 
  John T. Perri 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pico-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pico-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pico-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pico-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pico-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pico-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

