<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1662645_0001144204-16-135661_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>989732</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>51274</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>80888</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>206532</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>356534</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>273821</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-135661.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121171309
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lepora Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001662645
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				810986887
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55562
		FILM NUMBER:		162011010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9454 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2024153563

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9454 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Event Hill Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151231

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-135661.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v453441_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED: September 30,
2016  

Commission File Number: 000  
55562  

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Name of small business issuer in its
charter)  

Delaware   
       81-0986887    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  

Suite
    1104 Crawford House, 70 Queen s Road   

Central,
    Hong Kong   

(Address
    of principal executive offices)  
      (zip
    code)   

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code:  852-2150-5755 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES        NO   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes        No

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large
    Accelerated Filer  
         
      Accelerated
    Filer  

Non-accelerated
    Filer  
         
      Smaller Reporting
    Company  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)   YES   
      NO     

As of November 21,
2016, there were 5,500,000 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

Form 10-Q  

  For the Quarter Ended September 30,
2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

Part
    I- Financial Information    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   
      1   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      12   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      17   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      17   

Part
    II- Other Information    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      18   

Item 1A.    
       Risk Factors   
      18   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      18   

Item 3.  
       Default Upon Senior Securities   
      18   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      18   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      18   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      18   

Signatures   
      19   

Part 1- Financial Information  

ITEM
1. Financial Statements.   

LEPORA
HOLDINGS, INC.   

  Condensed Balance
Sheets   

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Condensed Statements of Operations  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  

For the Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016     

(Unaudited)     
 
     Cash Flows from Operating Activities    

Net loss    
     $  (9,978  )  
 
     Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:    

Expenses paid by stockholder contributed as capital    
        1,607     
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities    

Increase in accrued liabilities    
        5,387     
 
     Net Cash Used in Operating Activities    
        (2,984  )  

Cash Flows from Financing Activities    

Cash proceeds from related party to settle debt    
        2,984     
 
     Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities    
        2,984     

Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents    
        -     

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of the Period    
        -     

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of the Period    
     $  -     

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information    

Cash paid for income taxes    
     $  -     
 
     Cash paid for interest    
     $  -     

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 1   NATURE OF
OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

NATURE OF OPERATIONS  

Lepora Holdings, Inc. (formerly Event
Hill Acquisition Corporation) (the  Company ) was incorporated on December 11, 2015 under the laws of the state of Delaware
to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company registered
its common stock on a Form 10 Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act) and Rule 12 (g) thereof on January 7, 2016, by which it became a public reporting company. The Company has been formed to
provide a method for a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

On December 11, 2015, the Company issued
to the founders (two officers and directors) 20,000,000 shares of its common stock at par value of $0.0001 per share at a discount
of $2,000. On May 27, 2016, the Company issued 5,000,000 new shares of its common stock pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933 at the par value of $0.0001 and redeemed 19,500,000 shares of the then outstanding 20,000,000 shares issued to the
founders, thereby, effectuated a change in control of the Company. The new majority shareholders elected new management of the
Company. The Company plans to develop its business plan by future acquisitions or mergers but no agreements have been reached
regarding any acquisitions or other business combinations. If the Company makes any acquisitions, mergers or other business combinations,
the Company will file a Form 8-K but until such time the Company remains a shell company. 

Since the change in control, the Company
plans to develop China and Asian markets for the sale of products which are designed to improve air, water, health and the home
environment. The products include ParadisePURE water filtration systems which reduce pollutants produced by industry, agriculture
and nature including chlorine, chloroform, herbicides, pesticides, lead, silver, arsenic, chromium and mercury and over 50 volatile
organic compounds. ParadisePURE water filters also remove unpleasant odors and cloudiness and makes water better tasting while
retaining naturally occurring beneficial minerals essential for good health. Other products include the ParadisePAD  health
pad  which is intended to provide beneficial and enjoyable home therapy and comfort through the application of infrared waves,
soothing heat, and hot micro-stone therapy. 

The Company believes that the demand for
these products will be strong in the target markets in Asia where much of the water is polluted and air pollution commonly reaches
dangerous levels and consumers are becoming increasingly health conscious. 

4   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The summary of significant accounting
policies presented below are designed to assist in understanding the Company's unaudited condensed financial statements. Such
unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Company's management, who are responsible
for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ) in all material respects, and have been consistently applied in preparing the accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally present in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP were omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.
The results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
year ending December 31, 2016. 

NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

The following summary of significant accounting
policies of the Company is presented to assist in the understanding of the Company s financial statements. The financial
statements and notes are the representation of the Company s management who is responsible for their integrity and objectivity.
The financial statements of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

USE OF ESTIMATES  

The preparation of unaudited condensed
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

CASH  

Cash and cash equivalents include cash
on hand and deposits held at banking institutions as well as all highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities
of 90 days or less. The Company did not have cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

5   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

CONCENTRATION OF RISK  

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company places its cash with high quality
banking institutions. The Company did not have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit as of
September 30, 2016. 

INCOME TAXES  

Under the Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) 740,  Income Taxes,  deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the
years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when
it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of September 30, 2016, there were
no deferred taxes due to the uncertainty of the realization of net operating loss or carry forward prior to expiration. 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE  

Basic loss per common share excludes dilution,
and is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss
per common share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised
or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of the entity. As of September
30, 2016, there are no outstanding dilutive securities. 

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The Company follows guidance for accounting
for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of non-financial items
that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the unaudited condensed financial statements on a recurring basis. Additionally,
the Company adopted guidance for fair value measurement related to non-financial items that are recognized and disclosed at fair
value in the unaudited condensed financial statements on a nonrecurring basis. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements
involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

6   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs
for the asset or liability. The carrying amounts of financial assets such as cash approximate their fair values because of the
short maturity of these instruments. 

The Company s
financial instruments consist principally of accrued liabilities payable to a related party. Pursuant to ASC 820 and ASC 825,
  Financial Instruments  , the fair value of our accrued liabilities to a related party is determined based on
 Level 1  inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In January 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-01  Income Statement Extraordinary and
Unusual Items  (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.
The objective of this Update is to simplify the income statement presentation requirements in Subtopic 225-20 by eliminating the
concept of extraordinary items. Extraordinary items are events and transactions that are distinguished by their unusual nature
and by the infrequency of their occurrence. Eliminating the extraordinary classification simplifies income statement presentation
by altogether removing the concept of extraordinary items from consideration. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version
of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2014-220 Income Statement Extraordinary Items (Subtopic 225-20), which has been deleted.
Effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, a reporting entity
may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods
presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of
the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities. Management
is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company's financial statements. 

On April 30, 2015, FASB issued ASU No.
2015-06  Earnings Per Share  (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Units of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown
Transactions. Under Topic 260, Earnings Per Share, master limited partnerships (MLPs) apply the two-class method to calculate
earnings per unit (EPU) because the general partner, limited 

7   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

partners, and incentive distribution rights
holders each participate differently in the distribution of available cash. When a general partner transfers (or  drops down )
net assets to a master limited partnership and that transaction is accounted for as a transaction between entities under common
control, the statements of operations of the master limited partnership are adjusted retrospectively to reflect the dropdown transaction
as if it occurred on the earliest date during which the entities were under common control. The amendments in this Update specify
that for purposes of calculating historical EPU under the two-class method, the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before
the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner interest, and previously reported EPU of
the limited partners would not change as a result of a dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how the rights to the
earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs also are required. 

This Accounting Standards Update is the
final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-14A  Earnings Per Share Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of
Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions  (Topic 260), which has been deleted. Effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments in this
Update should be applied retrospectively for all financial statements presented. Management is in the process of assessing the
impact of this ASU on the Company's financial statements. 

On November 20, 2015, FASB issued ASU-2015-17- Income
Taxes . The Board is issuing this Update as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards (the Simplification
Initiative). The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted
accounting principles for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information
provided to users of financial statements. Current GAAP requires an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets
into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. To simplify the presentation of deferred
income taxes, the amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a
classified statement of financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement
of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity
be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public business entities, the
amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim
or annual reporting period. The Company is still in the process of evaluating future impact of adopting this standard.  

8   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

The FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases 
(Topic 842) . ASU 2016-01 requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from operating leases. A lessee
should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use
asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee
is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.
In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented
using a modified retrospective approach. Nonpublic business entities should apply the amendments for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019 (i.e. January 1, 2020, for a calendar year entity), and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2020. Early application is permitted for all nonpublic business entities upon issuance. The Company has not yet determined
the effect of the adoption of this standard on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

The Company has implemented all accounting
pronouncements that are in effect that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

NOTE 3    GOING
CONCERN  

The Company has not yet generated any
revenue since inception to date and has sustained operating loss of $6,121 and $9,978 for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The Company had a working capital deficit of $9,371 and an accumulated deficit of $11,290 as of September
30, 2016. The Company's continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations
to meet its obligations and/or obtaining additional financing from its stockholders or debt financing or sale of its stock, as
may be required. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above condition raises
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to do so. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of
liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In order to maintain its current level
of operations, the Company will require additional working capital from either cash flow from operations or from the sale of its
equity. However, the Company currently has no commitments from any third parties for the purchase of its equity. If the Company
is unable to acquire additional working capital, it will be required to significantly change its business plans. 

9   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 4    ACCRUED
LIABILITIES  

The Company has accrued filing fees of
$2,387 and accrued professional fees of $4,000 as of September 30, 2016. At December 31, 2015, the Company had accrued professional
fees of $1,000. 

NOTE 5   PAYABLE TO RELATED PARTY  

The Company received cash advances from
its Chief Executive Officer ( Officer ) to settle its obligations in the normal course of business. The cash advances
received are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, cash advances received
by the Company from its Officer were $2,984 and $0, respectively. 

NOTE 6   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

LEGAL COSTS
AND CONTINGENCIES  

In the normal
course of business, the Company incurs costs to hire and retain external legal counsel to advise it on regulatory, litigation
and other matters. The Company expenses these costs as the related services are received. 

If a loss is
considered probable and the amount can be reasonable estimated, the Company recognizes an expense for the estimated loss. If the
Company has the potential to recover a portion of the estimated loss from a third party, the Company makes a separate assessment
of recoverability and reduces the estimated loss if recovery is also deemed probable. 

NOTE 7    STOCKHOLDERS'
DEFICIT  

The Company s capitalization at
September 30, 2016 was 100,000,000 authorized common shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share, and 20,000,000 authorized preferred
shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. 

COMMON STOCK  

On December 11, 2015, the Company issued
20,000,000 shares of common stock at the par value of $0.0001 per share to the founders (two directors and officers) at a discount
of $2,000. 

On May 26, 2016, the Company effected
a change in control, and redeemed 19,500,000 shares of its then outstanding 20,000,000 shares of common stock upon the resignation
of the founders. 

10   

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  (Formerly Event Hill Acquisition Corporation)  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

On May 27, 2016, the Company issued 5,000,000
shares of common stock at par value, at a discount of $500 pursuant to Section 4 (2) of the Securities Act of 1933 of which, 4,980,000
shares of common stock were issued to an entity controlled by the two officers and directors of the Company, and the remaining
20,000 shares of common stock equally shared by the same two officers and directors. 

PREFERRED STOCK  

No shares of preferred stock are issued
and outstanding at September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 8    SUBSEQUENT
EVENT  

Management has evaluated subsequent events
through November 21, 2016, the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring
recognition as of September 30, 2016 have been incorporated into these financial statements and there are no subsequent events
that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855,   Subsequent Events .  

11   

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

All references to  we ,
 our,   us  and  Company  in this Item 2 refer to Lepora Holdings, Inc. ( Lepora ).  

The discussion in this section contains
forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We have attempted to
identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   believe,   can, 
 continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may, 
 plan,   potential,   predict,   should,   would  or  will 
or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, but their absence does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause
our actual results to differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. Several risks and uncertainties we
face are discussed in more detail under  Risk Factors  in   the 2015 Annual Report filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on July 18, 2016 .  You should, however, understand that it is not possible to predict or identify
all risks and uncertainties and you should not consider the risks and uncertainties identified by us to be a complete set of all
potential risks or uncertainties that could materially affect us. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements
we make herein because some or all of them may turn out to be wrong. We undertake no obligation to update any of the forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect future events and developments, except as required by law.   The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the audited financial statements
and accompanying notes and the other financial information appearing in the 2015 Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on July 18, 2016 and elsewhere in this report. The analysis set forth below is provided pursuant to applicable Securities
and Exchange Commission regulations and is not intended to serve as a basis for projections of future events.  

Lepora Holdings, Inc. (formerly Event
Hill Acquisition Corporation) (the  Company ) was incorporated on December 11, 2015 under the laws of the state of Delaware
to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company registered
its common stock on a Form 10 registration statement filed pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act) and Rule 12 (g) thereof on January 7, 2016, by which it became a public reporting company. The Company has been formed to
provide a method for a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

On December 11, 2015, the Company issued
to the founders 20,000,000 shares of its common stock at par value of $0.0001 per share to two officers and directors at a discount
of $2,000. On May 27, 2016, the Company issued 5,000,000 new shares of its common stock pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933 at the par value of $0.0001 and redeemed 19,500,000 shares of the then outstanding 20,000,000 shares issued to the
founders, thereby, effected a change in control of the Company. The new majority shareholders elected new management of the Company.
The Company may develop its business plan by future acquisitions or mergers but no agreements have been reached regarding any
acquisitions or other business combinations. If the Company makes any acquisitions, mergers or other business combinations, the
Company will file a Form 8-K but until such time the Company remains a shell company. 

12   

Since the change in control, the Company
plans to develop products for sale, that are designed to improve air, water, health and the home environment for the China and
Asian markets. The products include ParadisePURE water filtration systems which reduce pollutants produced by industry, agriculture
and nature including chlorine, chloroform, herbicides, pesticides, lead, silver, arsenic, chromium and mercury and over 50 volatile
organic compounds. ParadisePURE water filters also remove unpleasant odors and cloudiness and makes water better tasting while
retaining naturally occurring beneficial minerals essential for good health. Other products include the ParadisePAD  health
pad  which are intended to provide beneficial and enjoyable home therapy and comfort through the application of infrared
waves, soothing heat, and hot micro-stone therapy. 

The Company believes that the demand for
these products will be strong in the target markets in Asia where much of the water is polluted and air pollution commonly reaches
dangerous levels and consumers are becoming increasingly health conscious. 

The Company currently has no operations
nor does it currently engage in any business activities generating revenues. The Company's principal business objective is to
achieve a business combination with a target company. A business combination normally takes the form of a merger, stock-for-stock
exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to
be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. 

The most likely target companies are those
seeking the perceived benefits of a reporting corporation. Such perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms
on which additional equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits to key
employees, increasing the opportunity to use securities for acquisitions, providing liquidity for shareholders and other factors.
Business opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make
the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities difficult and complex. 

The Company s financial statements
are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have not yet established
an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover our operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. We funded our
operations primarily through the financial support from our officers and shareholders. The Company's independent auditors have
issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the
Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability of the Company
to obtain necessary financing to continue operations, and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a business entity for the
combination of that target company with the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not generated revenues and had
no income or cash flows from operations since inception. The Company had sustained net loss of $9,978 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and an accumulated deficit of $11,290 as of September 30, 2016, respectively. 

13   

Financial Operations Overview  

Revenue  

The Company has not earned revenues from
our operations since December 11, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses for the three months
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $6,121 and $9,978 compared to $0 for the same comparable periods in 2015. Operating
expenses increased primarily due to the legal and professional fees incurred for the review of financial statements of the Company
and EDGAR and XBRL filing fees. We expect our general and administrative expenses will increase materially as we operate as a
public company. These increases will likely to include salaries and benefits, legal and consulting fees, accounting and audit
fees, director fees, directors  and officers  insurance premiums, fees for investor relations services, enhanced business
and accounting systems, and other costs associated with operations.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Since our inception, our operations have
been primarily financed through funding from the officers and shareholders. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we had no cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our existing capital resources will not be sufficient to meet our projected
operating requirements for at least the next 12 months and we will need to raise additional capital. Based on our operating plan,
we will need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for operating the Company. We currently have
no credit facility or committed sources of capital. To fund future operations, we will need to raise additional capital and our
requirements will depend on many factors. 

Funding may not be available to us on
acceptable terms or at any terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the
scope of, or even suspend development of future projects. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination
of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other
marketing and distribution arrangements. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership
interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect our stockholders  rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject
to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures,
or declaring dividends. 

14   

The accompanying financial statements
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared on a basis that contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We have continuing net losses and deficiencies in
working capital as of most of the balance sheet dates. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities
that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. These circumstances caused our independent registered
public accounting firm to include an explanatory paragraph in their report dated May 23, 2016, regarding their concerns about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our ability to obtain additional
financing as may be required to fund current operations. Management s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining
debt or other financing to fund its capital requirement and on-going operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company
will be successful in these efforts. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern.   

Operating Activities  

Net cash used in operating activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2,984, which resulted primarily due to the net loss of $9,978, expenses amounting
to $1,607 paid by shareholder contributed as capital, and increase in accrued liabilities of $5,387. 

Financing Activities  

Net cash provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2,984. The Chief Executive Officer advanced cash proceeds of $2,984 to settle
the Company s debt obligations to its vendors. 

Investing Activities  

Net cash provided by investing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0. 

Alternative Financial Planning  

The Company has no alternative financial
plans at the moment. If the Company is not able to successfully raise funds as needed through a private placement or other securities
offering (including, but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities), the Company will not be able to implement its
business plan as a going concern. 

15   

Equipment Financing  

The Company has no existing equipment
financing arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates  

Our management s discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements which we have prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing our financial statements, we are required to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We have identified
the following accounting policies that we believe require application of management s most subjective judgments, often requiring
the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our
actual results could differ from these estimates and such differences could be material. 

While our significant accounting policies
are described in more details in Note 2 of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Report filed with the SEC on
July 19, 2016, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our financial statements.    

JOBS Act Accounting Election  

We are an   emerging growth company , 
as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards
issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably
elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards, and, therefore, will be subject to
the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Fair value of Financial Instruments
and Fair Value Measurements  

ASC 820,  Fair  Value Measurements
and Disclosures ,  requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence
surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy
is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

16   

Development Stage and Capital Resources  

The Company has devoted substantially
all of its efforts to business planning since its inception on December 11, 2015. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be
in the development stage. The Company has not generated revenues from its operations, and it will not commence generating revenues
until sometime during the first quarter of 2017. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We have not engaged in any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(c) of the SEC s Regulation S-B. We did not have any relationships with unconsolidated
organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special-purpose entities that would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.   

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

Information not required to be filed by
Smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by
this report on Form 10-Q, our President (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation
of the effectiveness of and the operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our President and Chief Financial Officer each concluded that as of the end
of the period covered by this report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them
to material information relating to Lepora Holdings, Inc. required to be included in our Exchange Act filings. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule
15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

17   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

As a  smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide this information under this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information  

None 

Item 6. Exhibits  

(a) Exhibits. 

18   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

LEPORA HOLDINGS, INC.  

Dated: November 21, 2016 
     By:  
     /s/ John Anthony Leper  

President  

19   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v453441_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, John Anthony Leper, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Lepora Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

c.  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ John Anthony Leper    

John Anthony Leper   

President (Principal Executive Officer)   

November 21, 2016   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v453441_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Joginderpal Kundi, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Lepora Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

c.  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Joginderpal Kundi    

Joginderpal Kundi   

Chief
Financial Officer    

November 21, 2016   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v453441_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with
the report of Lepora Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and
on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Jon Anthony Leper    

John Anthony Leper   

President (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 21, 2016   

/s/ Joginderpal Kundi    

Joginderpal Kundi   

Chief Financial Officer 

November 21, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cik0001662645-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik0001662645-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik0001662645-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik0001662645-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik0001662645-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik0001662645-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

