<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1001838_0001104659-16-155547_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10711564</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178508</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>399103</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3120269</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4170233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2175765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>69</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-155547.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108154209
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-155547
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHERN COPPER CORP/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001001838
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				133849074
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14066
		FILM NUMBER:		161981159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 E. MISSOURI AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-264-1375

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 E. MISSOURI AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTHERN PERU COPPER CORP/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960726

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTHERN PERU COPPER HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-155547.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 a16-17217_110q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
     
   FORM 10-Q   
     
   x            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
    For the quarterly period ended:       September 30, 2016  
     
   or   
     
   o               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
    For the transition period from                                 to                               
     
   Commission File Number:  1-14066   

SOUTHERN COPPER CORPORATION   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware        

13-3849074            

(State or other   jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)       

(I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.)              

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:  (602) 264-1375   
     
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such    reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x   No  o  
     
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  x   No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer        
 
  x       
 
  Accelerated filer        
 
  o           

Non-accelerated filer        
 
  o       
 
  Smaller reporting company        
 
  o              
     
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes  o   No  x  
     
  As of October 31, 2016 there were outstanding 773,016,469 shares of Southern Copper Corporation common, par value $0.01 per share.  

Table of Contents   
     
  Southern Copper Corporation ( SCC )  
     
   INDEX TO F  ORM 10-Q   

Page No.            

Part I. Financial Information:        

Item.   1        
 
   Condensed   Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)        

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015        

3           

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive   Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015        

4           

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015        

5           

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015        

6           

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements        

7-31           

Item   2.        
 
   Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        

32-50           

Item   3.        
 
   Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk        

51-52           

Item   4.        
 
   Controls   and procedures        

53           

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting   Firm        

54           

Part II. Other Information:        

Item   1.        
 
   Legal   Proceedings        

55           

Item   1A.        
 
   Risk   Factors        

55           

Item   2.        
 
   Unregistered   Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        

55           

Item   4.        
 
   Mine   Safety Disclosures        

55           

Item   6.        
 
   Exhibits        

56-57           

Signatures        

58           

List of Exhibits        

59-61           

Exhibit 15       
 
  Independent   Accountants  Awareness Letter       

62           

Exhibit 31.1       
 
  Certification Pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       

63           

Exhibit 31.2       
 
  Certification Pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       

64           

Exhibit 32.1       
 
  Certification Pursuant   to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       

65           

Exhibit 32.2       
 
  Certification Pursuant   to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       

65           

Exhibit 101       
 
  Financial statements   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 Formatted in   XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings,   (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income,   (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Condensed   Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in detail.       

Submitted   electronically with this report              
     
 2   

Table of Contents   
     
  PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
     
  Item 1.  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
     
  Southern Copper Corporation  
     
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS     
  (Unaudited, in millions, except per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
 3   

Table of Contents   
     
  Southern Copper Corporation  
     
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     
  (Unaudited, in millions)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
 4   

Table of Contents   
     
  Southern Copper Corporation  
     
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     
  (Unaudited, in millions)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements . 
     
 5   

Table of Contents   
     
  Southern Copper Corporation  
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     
  (Unaudited, in millions)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
 6   

Table of Contents   
     
  Southern Copper Corporation  
     
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
  (Unaudited)  
     
   NOTE 1   DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS:   
     
  The Company is a majority-owned, indirect subsidiary of Grupo Mexico S.A.B. de C.V. ( Grupo Mexico ). At September 30, 2016, Grupo Mexico through its wholly-owned subsidiary Americas Mining Corporation ( AMC ) owned 88.9% of the Company s capital stock. The condensed consolidated financial statements presented herein consist of the accounts of Southern Copper Corporation ( SCC  or the  Company ), a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. The Company is an integrated producer of copper and other minerals, and operates mining, smelting and refining facilities in Peru and Mexico. The Company conducts its primary operations in Peru through a registered branch (the  Peruvian Branch  or  Branch  or  SPCC Peru Branch ). The Peruvian Branch is not a corporation separate from the Company. The Company s Mexican operations are conducted through subsidiaries. The Company also conducts exploration activities in Argentina, Chile, Ecuador, Mexico and Peru.  
     
  In the opinion of the Company, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to state fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of operations, comprehensive income and cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. The December 31, 2015 balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2015 and notes included in the Company s 2015 annual report on Form 10-K.  
     
   NOTE 2   SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS:   
     
  Short-term investments were as follows ($ in millions):  

Trading securities consist of bonds issued by public companies and are publicly traded. Each financial instrument is independent of the others. The Company has the intention to sell these bonds in the short-term.  
     
  Available-for-sale investments consist of securities issued by public companies. Each security is independent of the others and at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, included corporate bonds and asset and mortgage backed obligations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, gross unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities were not material.  
     
  Related to these investments the Company earned interest, which was recorded as interest income in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings. The Company also redeemed some of these securities and recognized gains (losses) due to changes in fair value, which were recorded as other income (expense) in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings.  
     
 7   

Table of Contents   
     
  The following table summarizes the activity of these investments by category ($ in millions):  

(*) Less than $0.1 million  
     
   NOTE 3 - INVENTORIES:   
     
  Inventories were as follows ($ in millions):  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, total leaching costs added as non-current inventory of ore stockpiles on leach pads amounted to $329.4 million and $360.0 million, respectively. Leaching inventories recognized in cost of sales amounted to $234.1 million and $172.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
     
   NOTE 4- ACQUISITION OF EL PILAR MINE:   
     
  On July 6, 2015, the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Recursos Stingray de Cobre, S.A. de C.V. for $100.0 million, a company incorporated under the laws of Mexico whose principal holding is a 100% interest in the El Pilar mine concession. In the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, amounts related to the acquisition were still provisional as the purchase was still in the measurement period. This period ended in the third quarter of 2016 and final amounts were determined as follows:  
     
 8   

Table of Contents   
     
   Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed ($ in million)   

The Company has recorded goodwill of $25.0 million, representing the amount of the purchase price in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. This goodwill is attributable to future benefits that the Company expects to realize from the mine and will not be deductible for income tax purposes.  
     
   NOTE 5   INCOME TAXES:   
     
  The income tax provision and the effective income tax rate for the nine months of 2016 and 2015 consisted of ($ in millions):  

These provisions include income taxes for Peru, Mexico and the United States. In addition, a Mexican royalty tax, a portion of the Peruvian royalty tax and the Peruvian special mining tax are included in the income tax provision. The effective income tax rate decreased by 4.0% from the 2015 nine-month period to the comparable 2016 period, of which approximately 1% is related to a reduction in the Peruvian special mining tax due to lower SCC Peruvian branch earnings. The remaining decrease of 3% is primarily due to a reduction in estimated prior year creditable foreign taxes at the SCC Peruvian branch and from lower tier Mexican subsidiaries. At December 31, 2015 the Company had approximately $187.4 million of net foreign tax credit carryforwards that can be used to offset taxable income in future periods and reduce the Company s income taxes payable in those periods. These credits will expire if they are not used within certain periods. At this time, the Company considers it more likely than not that it will have sufficient taxable income in the future that will allow to utilize these credits. However, if metal prices continue to decline, it is possible that some or all of the credits could ultimately expire unused and require a valuation allowance that could materially increase tax expense.  
     
   Peruvian royalty tax  : The mining royalty charge is based on operating income margins with graduated rates ranging from 1% to 12% of operating profits, with a minimum royalty charge assessed at 1% of net sales. If the operating income margin is 10% or less, the royalty charge is 1% and for each 5% increment in the operating income margin, the royalty charge rate increases by 0.75%, up to a maximum of 12%. The minimum royalty charge assessed at 1% of net sales is recorded as cost of sales and those amounts assessed against operating income are included in the income tax provision. The Company has accrued $12.2 million and $18.5 million of royalty charge in the nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $3.0 million was included in income taxes in 2015; no amounts were included in income tax in the nine months of 2016. 
     
   Peruvian special mining tax:   This tax is based on operating income at rates ranging from 2% to 8.4%. It begins at 2% for operating income margin up to 10% and increases by 0.4% of operating income for each additional 5% of operating income until  
     
 9   

Table of Contents   
     
  85% of operating income is reached. The Company has accrued $7.5 million and $19.0 million of special mining tax as part of the income tax provision for the nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
     
   Peruvian income tax rate:   In 2014, the Peruvian government enacted tax law changes to both the income tax and dividend tax rates that became effective on January 1, 2015. The new rates are as follows: 

Mexican mining royalty  : In December 2013, the Mexican government enacted a new law which, among other things, established a mining royalty charge of 7.5% on earnings before taxes as defined by Mexican tax regulations and an additional royalty charge of 0.5% over gross income from sales of gold, silver and platinum. The Company has accrued $29.4 million and $22.8 million of royalty taxes as part of the income tax provision for the nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
     
   Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes:   In the third quarter and nine months of 2016, there were no changes in the Company s uncertain tax positions. 
     
   NOTE 6   PROVISIONALLY PRICED SALES:   
     
  At September 30, 2016, the Company has recorded provisionally priced sales of copper at average forward prices per pound, and molybdenum at the September 30, 2016 market price per pound. These sales are subject to final pricing based on the average monthly copper prices on the London Metal Exchange ( LME ) or New York Commodities Exchange ( COMEX ) and Dealer Oxide molybdenum prices in the future month of settlement.  
     
  Following are the provisionally priced copper and molybdenum sales outstanding at September 30, 2016:  

The provisional sales price adjustment included in accounts receivable and net sales at September 30, 2016 includes a positive adjustment of $3.5 million for copper and a negative adjustment of $1.1 million for molybdenum.  
     
  Management believes that the final pricing of these sales will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  
     
   NOTE 7 - ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATION:   
     
  The Company maintains an estimated asset retirement obligation for its mining properties in Peru, as required by the Peruvian Mine Closure Law. In accordance with the requirements of this law the Company s closure plans were approved by the Peruvian Ministry of Energy and Mines ( MINEM ). As part of the closure plans, the Company is required to provide annual guarantees over the estimated life of the mines, based on a present value approach, and to furnish the funds for the asset retirement obligation. This law requires a review of closing plans every five years. Currently and for the near-term future, the Company has pledged the value of its Lima office complex as support for this obligation. The accepted value of the Lima office building, for this purpose, is $27.8 million. Through September 2016, the Company has provided guarantees of $21.7 million. The closure cost recognized for this liability includes the cost, as outlined in its closure plans, of dismantling the Toquepala and Cuajone concentrators, the smelter and refinery in Ilo, and the shops and auxiliary facilities at the three units.  
     
  In 2010, the Company announced to the Mexican federal environmental authorities its closure plans for the copper smelter plant at San Luis Potosi. In order to transform an environmental liability into an asset, the Company initiated a program for plant demolition and soil remediation with a budget of $66.2 million, of which the Company has spent $65.7 million through September 30, 2016. Plant demolition and construction of a confinement area at the south of the property were completed in 2012. In accordance with remediation goals previously approved by environmental authorities, soil remediation and on-site encapsulation on a second confinement area of impacted soils has been completed. Confirmation sampling was successfully   
     
 10   

Table of Contents   
     
  completed. On September 2, 2016, the environmental authorities approved the conclusion of the remediation effort. A decision will be made on whether to sell or develop the property.  
     
  The overall cost recognized for mining closure in Mexico includes the estimated costs of dismantling concentrators, smelter and refinery plants, shops and other facilities.  
     
  The following table summarizes the asset retirement obligation activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($ in millions):  

NOTE 8   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:   
     
  The Company has entered into certain transactions in the ordinary course of business with parties that are controlling shareholders or their affiliates. These transactions include the lease of office space, air transportation, construction services and products and services related to mining and refining. The Company lends and borrows funds among affiliates for acquisitions and other corporate purposes. These financial transactions bear interest and are subject to review and approval by senior management, as are all related party transactions. It is the Company s policy that the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors shall review all related party transactions. The Company is prohibited from entering or continuing a material related party transaction that has not been reviewed and approved or ratified by the Audit Committee.  
     
  Receivable and payable balances with related parties are shown below ($ in millions):  

11   

Table of Contents   
     
   Purchase and sale activity:   
     
   Grupo Mexico and its affiliates:   
     
  The following table summarizes the purchase and sales activities with Grupo Mexico and its affiliates in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):  

Grupo Mexico, the parent and the majority indirect stockholder of the Company, and its affiliates provide various services to the Company. These services are primarily related to accounting, legal, tax, financial, treasury, human resources, price risk assessment and hedging, purchasing, procurement and logistics, sales and administrative and other support services. The Company pays Grupo Mexico for these services and expects to continue requiring these services in the future.  
     
  The Company s Mexican operations paid fees for freight services provided by Ferrocarril Mexicano S.A de C.V., for construction services provided by Mexico Proyectos y Desarrollo S.A. de C.V. and its affiliates, and for drilling services provided by Compania Perforadora Mexico S.A.P.I. de C.V. All of these companies are subsidiaries of Grupo Mexico.  
     
  The Company s Mexican operations purchased scrap and other residual copper mineral from Asarco, and power from MGE. Both companies are subsidiaries of Grupo Mexico.  
     
  In 2005, the Company organized MGE, as a subsidiary of Minera Mexico, for the construction of two power plants to supply power to the Company s Mexican operations. In May 2010, the Company s Mexican operations granted a $350 million line of credit to MGE for the construction of the power plants. That line of credit was due on December 31, 2012 and carried an interest rate of 4.4%. In the first quarter of 2012, Controladora de Infraestructura Energetica Mexico, S. A. de C. V., an indirect subsidiary of Grupo Mexico, acquired 99.999% of MGE through a capital subscription of 1,928.6 million of Mexican pesos (approximately $150 million), reducing Minera Mexico s participation to less than 0.001%. As a consequence of this change in control, MGE became an indirect subsidiary of Grupo Mexico. Additionally, at the same time, MGE paid $150 million to the Company s Mexican operations partially reducing the total debt. At December 31, 2012, the outstanding balance of $184.0 million was restructured as subordinated debt of MGE with an interest rate of 5.75%. In the third quarter of 2016, MGE repaid the outstanding balance of the debt. Related to this loan, the Company recorded interest income of $4.2 million and $7.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
     
  In 2012, the Company signed a power purchase agreement with MGE, whereby MGE will supply some of the Company s Mexican operations with power through 2032. MGE completed construction of its first power plant in June 2013 and the second plant in the second quarter of 2014. These plants are natural gas-fired combined cycle power generating units, with a net total capacity of 516.2 megawatts. The first plant began supplying power to the Company in December 2013, and the second plant began to supply power in June 2015. MGE is supplying approximately 12% of its power output to third-party energy users.  
     
  On August 4, 2014, Mexico Generadora de Energia Eolica S. de R.L. de C.V, an indirect subsidiary of Grupo Mexico, which is  located in Oaxaca, Mexico, acquired Eolica El Retiro, S.A.P.I de C.V. ( Eolica el Retiro ). Eolica el Retiro is a windfarm with 37 wind turbines. In 2014, Eolica el Retiro started to sell power to IMMSA, one of our Mexican subsidiaries groups. During the nine  
     
 12   

Table of Contents   
     
  months of 2016, approximately 11% of Eolica El Retiro s power was sold to IMMSA, the rest of its power output was sold to third-party energy users, including the Federal Electricity Commission.  
     
  The Company sold copper cathodes, rod and anodes, as well as sulfuric acid, silver, gold and lime to Asarco. In addition, the Company received fees for building rentals and maintenance services provided to Mexico Proyectos y Desarrollos, S.A. de C.V. and its affiliates and to Perforadora Mexico S.A.P.I de C.V., and for natural gas and services provided to MGE, all subsidiaries of Grupo Mexico.  
     
   Companies with relationships with the controlling group:   
     
  The following tables summarize the purchase and sales activities with other Larrea family companies in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):  

The Larrea family controls a majority of the capital stock of Grupo Mexico, and has extensive interests in other businesses, including transportation, real estate and entertainment. The Company engages in certain transactions in the ordinary course of business with other entities controlled by the Larrea family relating to the lease of office space, air transportation and entertainment.  
     
  The Company s Mexican operations paid fees for entertainment services provided by Boutique Bowling de Mexico S.A de C.V. and Operadora de Cinemas S.A. de C.V. Both companies are controlled by the Larrea family.  
     
  MexTransport provides aviation services to the Company s Mexican operations. This is a company controlled by the Larrea family.  
     
   Companies with relationships with SCC executive officers:   
     
  The following table summarizes the purchase activities with companies with relationships to SCC executive officers in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):  

The Company purchased industrial materials from Higher Technology S.A.C and paid fees for maintenance services provided by Servicios y Fabricaciones Mecanicas S.A.C. Mr. Carlos Gonzalez, son of SCC s Chief Executive Officer, has a proprietary interest in these companies.  
     
  The Company purchased industrial material from Sempertrans and its affiliates, which employed Mr. Alejandro Gonzalez as a sales representative, through August 4, 2015. Also, the Company purchased industrial material from Pigoba, S.A. de C.V., a company in which Mr. Alejandro Gonzalez has a proprietary interest. Mr. Alejandro Gonzalez is the son of SCC s Chief Executive Officer.  
     
  The Company s Mexican operations purchased industrial material and services from Breaker, a company in which Mr. Jorge Gonzalez, son-in-law of SCC s Chief Executive Officer, has a proprietary interest.  
     
 13   

Table of Contents   
     
   Equity Investment in Affiliate:   The Company has a 44.2% participation in Compania Minera Coimolache S.A. ( Coimolache ), which it accounts for on the equity method. Coimolache owns Tantahuatay, a gold mine located in the northern part of Peru. It is anticipated that in the future the Company will enter into similar transactions with these same parties. 
     
   NOTE 9- BENEFIT PLANS:   
     
   Post retirement defined benefit plans   
     
  The Company has two noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering former salaried employees in the United States and certain former expatriate employees in Peru. Effective October 31, 2000, the Board of Directors amended the qualified pension plan to suspend the accrual of benefits.  
     
  In addition, the Company s Mexican subsidiaries have a defined contribution pension plan for salaried employees and a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan for union employees.  
     
  The components of the net periodic benefit costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in millions):  

Post-retirement health care plan   
     
  United States: The Company adopted a post-retirement health care plan for retired salaried employees eligible for Medicare in 1996. The Company manages the plan and is currently providing health benefits to retirees. The plan is accounted for in accordance with ASC 715  Compensation retirement benefits .  
     
  Mexico: Through 2007, the Buenavista unit provided health care services free of charge to employees and retired unionized employees and their families through its hospital at the Buenavista unit. In 2011, the Company signed an agreement with the Secretary of Health of the State of Sonora to provide these services to its retired workers and their families. The new workers of Buenavista del Cobre will receive health services from the Mexican Institute of Social Security as is the case for all Mexican workers.  
     
  The components of the net periodic benefit cost for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in millions):  

(*) amount is lower than $0.1 million  
     
   NOTE 10   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:   
     
   Environmental matters:   
     
  The Company has instituted extensive environmental conservation programs at its mining facilities in Peru and Mexico. The Company s environmental programs include, among others, water recovery systems to conserve water and minimize the impact on nearby streams, reforestation programs to stabilize the surface of the tailings dams and the implementation of scrubbing technology in the mines to reduce dust emissions.  
     
 14   

Table of Contents   
     
  Environmental capital investments in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows ($ in millions):  

Peruvian operations  : The Company s operations are subject to applicable Peruvian environmental laws and regulations. The Peruvian government, through the Ministry of Environment ( MINAM ) conducts annual audits of the Company s Peruvian mining and metallurgical operations. Through these environmental audits, matters related to environmental obligation, compliance with legal requirements, atmospheric emissions, effluent monitoring and waste management are reviewed. The Company believes that it is in material compliance with applicable Peruvian environmental laws and regulations. Peruvian law requires that companies in the mining industry provide assurances for future mine closure and remediation. In accordance with the requirements of this law, the Company s closure plans were approved by MINEM. See Note 7  Asset retirement obligation,  for further discussion of this matter. In accordance with the requirements of the law, in 2015 the Company submitted the closure plans for the Tia Maria project and for the Toquepala expansion. The process of review and approval of closure plans usually takes several months. In March 2016, MINEM approved the Mining Closure Plan for the Toquepala expansion project. The closure plan for the Tia Maria project is pending approval. 
     
  In 2008, the Peruvian government enacted environmental regulations establishing more stringent air quality standards ( AQS ) for daily sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) in the air for the Peruvian territory. These regulations, as amended in 2013, recognize distinct zones/areas, as atmospheric basins. MINAM has established three atmospheric basins that require further attention to comply with the air quality standards. The Ilo basin is one of these three areas and the Company s smelter and refinery are part of the area. A supreme decree issued on April 8, 2014, indicates that mining companies should review their compliance with these regulations and develop a modification plan to reach compliance. The Company continues to work with an environmental technical study group, established by a MINAM resolution to identify activities, goals, deadlines, timetables and to develop an action plan in order to achieve compliance with AQS.  
     
  While the Company believes that a potential loss contingency may exist, it cannot currently estimate the amount of such contingency. The Company and other industries affected by this supreme decree believe that the lack of further regulations and direction from the government has delayed the full review and analysis of the necessary actions to establish compliance. Pending further government action, the Company will continue to work with its study group to analyze this issue. Furthermore, the Company does not believe it can estimate a reasonable range of possible costs until additional guidance is received from the government. Therefore, currently the Company is not able to disclose a range of costs that is meaningful.  
     
  In 2013, the Peruvian government enacted new soil environmental quality standards ( SQS ) applicable to any existing facility or project that generates or could generate risk of soil contamination in its area of operation or influence. In March 2014, MINAM issued a supreme decree, which establishes additional provisions for the gradual implementation of SQS. Under this rule the Company had twelve months to identify contaminated sites in and around its facilities and present a report of identified contaminated sites. This report was submitted to MINEM in April 2015. After a review, MINEM should evaluate and issue a report to the Company, which will allow it to continue to the next phase. Currently, the Company is awaiting an official response from MINEM. Once MINEM notifies the Company, it must prepare a characterization study to determine the depth, extent and physio-chemical composition of the contaminated areas and to define an appropriate remediation plan and the time-frame in which it will take place. In addition, the Company must submit for approval a Soil Decontamination Plan (SDP) within 24 months after being notified by the authority. This SDP shall include remediation actions, a schedule and compliance deadlines. Also under this rule, if deemed necessary and given reasonable justification, the Company may request a one year extension for the decontamination plan.  
     
  Soil confirmation tests must be carried out after completion of decontamination actions (within the approved schedule) and results must be presented to authorities within 30 days after receiving such results. Non-compliance with this obligation or with decontamination goals will carry penalties, although no specific sanctions have been established yet. During compliance with this schedule, companies cannot be penalized for non-compliance with the SQS.  
     
  While the Company believes that there is a reasonable possibility that a potential loss contingency may exist, it cannot currently estimate the amount of the contingency. The Company believes that a reasonable determination of the loss will be possible once the characterization study and the SDP are substantially completed. At that time the Company will be in a position to estimate the remediation cost. Further, the Company does not believe that it can estimate a reasonable range of possible costs until the noted studies have substantially progressed and therefore is not be able to disclose a range of costs that is meaningful.  
     
 15   

Table of Contents   
     
   Mexican operations  : The Company s operations are subject to applicable Mexican federal, state and municipal environmental laws, to Mexican official standards, and to regulations for the protection of the environment, including regulations relating to water supply, water quality, air quality, noise levels and hazardous and solid waste. 
     
  The principal legislation applicable to the Company s Mexican operations is the Federal General Law of Ecological Balance and Environmental Protection (the  General Law ), which is enforced by the Federal Bureau of Environmental Protection ( PROFEPA ). PROFEPA monitors compliance with environmental legislation and enforces Mexican environmental laws, regulations and official standards. It may also initiate administrative proceedings against companies that violate environmental laws, which in the most extreme cases may result in the temporary or permanent shutdown of non-complying facilities, the revocation of operating licenses and/or other sanctions or fines.  
     
  In 2011, the General Law was amended, giving an individual or entity the ability to contest administrative acts, including environmental authorizations, permits or concessions granted, without the need to demonstrate the actual existence of harm to the environment as long as it can be argued that the harm may be caused. In addition, in 2011, amendments to the Civil Federal Procedures Code ( CFPC ) were enacted. These amendments establish three categories of collective actions by means of which 30 or more people claiming injury derived from environmental, consumer protection, financial services and economic competition issues will be considered to be sufficient in order to have a legitimate interest to seek through a civil procedure restitution or economic compensation or suspension of the activities from which the alleged injury derived. The amendments to the CFPC may result in more litigation, with plaintiffs seeking remedies, including suspension of the activities alleged to cause harm.  
     
  In 2013, the Environmental Liability Federal Law was enacted. The law establishes general guidelines for actions to be considered to likely cause environmental harm. If a possible determination regarding harm occurs, environmental clean-up and remedial actions sufficient to restore environment to a pre-existing condition should be taken. Under this law, if restoration is not possible, compensation measures should be provided. Criminal penalties and monetary fines can be assessed under this law.  
     
  On August 6, 2014, an accidental spill of approximately 40,000 cubic meters of copper sulfate solution occurred at a leaching pond that was under construction ten kilometers from the mine of Buenavista del Cobre, S.A. de C.V. ( BVC ) a subsidiary of the Company. The accident was caused by a rock collapse that affected the system s pumping station and by a construction defect in the seal of a pipe in the leaching system containment dam, a part of the new SX-EW III plant. This solution reached the Bacanuchi River and the Sonora River. Immediate actions were taken in order to contain the spill, and to comply with all the legal requirements. In August 2014, the Company hired contractors including environmental specialists and more than 1,200 of its own workers to clean the river.  
     
  In addition, the Company developed a service program to assist the residents of the Sonora River region, which included (i) water distribution provisions, and infrastructure development within the affected region, (ii) the expansion of the current Community Development program to communities further downstream that were affected and previously not within the scope of the Company s program, (iii) meetings with local farmers and producers in coordination with the Federal Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock, Rural Development, Fisheries, and Nutrition in order to revamp and promote the activities of local farmers and producers, (iv) the implementation of sustainable productive projects at each affected site, as well as (v) the establishment of service desks to address specific complaints and concerns of the community.  
     
  The National Water Commission, the Federal Commission for the Protection of Sanitary Risk and PROFEPA initiated administrative proceedings regarding the spill to determine possible environmental and health damages. On August 19, 2014, PROFEPA, as part of the administrative proceeding initiated after the spill, announced the filing of a criminal complaint against BVC in order to determine those responsible for the environmental damages. The Company is vigorously defending itself against this complaint. As of September 30, 2016, the case remains in the procedural stages and is pending resolution.  
     
  On September 15, 2014, BVC executed an administrative agreement with PROFEPA, providing for the submission of a remediation action plan to the Mexican Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources (Secretaria de Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales  SEMARNAT ). The general remediation program submitted to SEMARNAT was approved on January 6, 2015. This program is being developed in five different zones all of which have obtained approval from SEMARNAT. The Company is complying with the remedial program.  
     
  The Company also created a trust with Nacional Financiera S.N.C., a Mexican development bank, acting as a Trustee to support environmental remedial actions in connection with the spill, to comply with the remedial action plan and to compensate those persons adversely affected by the spill. The Company committed up to two billion Mexican pesos (approximately $150 million) of which approximately one billion Mexican pesos have already been contributed. A technical committee for the trust was created with representatives from the federal government, the Company and specialists assisted by a team of environmental   
     
 16   

Table of Contents   
     
  experts to ensure the proper use of the funds. Along with the administrative agreement executed with PROFEPA, the trust serves as an alternative mechanism for dispute resolution to mitigate public and private litigation risks.  
     
  As a result of the administrative proceeding, conducted by PROFEPA, on March 2, 2015 a final ruling imposed a fine of $1.7 million.  
     
  Through the first half of 2015, six collective action lawsuits were filed in federal courts in Mexico City and Sonora against two subsidiaries of the Company seeking economic compensation, clean up and remedial activities in order to restore the environment to its pre-existing conditions. Four of the collective action lawsuits have been dismissed by the court. The plaintiffs in these six lawsuits are: Acciones Colectivas de Sinaloa, A.C. which established two collective actions (one of which was dismissed on September 26, 2016); Filiberto Navarro Soto et al (dismissed on July 14, 2015); Defensa Colectiva A.C. (dismissed on August 7, 2015); Ismael Navarro Babuca et al (dismissed on August 17, 2015); and Ana Luisa Salazar Medina et al. which has been granted a collective action certification and the plaintiffs have requested cautionary measures on the construction of facilities for the monitoring of public health services and the prohibition of the closure of the R o Sonora Trust.  
     
  For a description of the regulations related to collective actions in Mexico, please refer to the 2011 amendments to the CFPC described above.  
     
  Similarly, during 2015, eight civil action lawsuits were filed against BVC in the state courts of Sonora seeking damages for alleged injuries and for moral damages as a consequence of the spill.  The plaintiffs in the state court lawsuits are: Jose Vicente Arriola Nunez et al; Santana Ruiz Molina et al; Andres Nogales Romero et al; Teodoro Javier Robles et al; Gildardo Vasquez Carvajal et al; Rafael Noriega Souffle et al; Grupo Banamichi Unido de Sonora El Dorado, S.C. de R.L. de C.V; and Marcelino Mercado Cruz. In the first quarter of 2016, one additional civil action lawsuit, claiming the same damages, was filed by Juan Melquicedec Lebaron. 
     
  During 2015, four constitutional lawsuits (juicios de amparo) were filed before Federal Courts against various authorities and against a subsidiary of the Company, arguing; (i) the alleged lack of a waste management program approved by SEMARNAT; (ii) the alleged lack of a remediation plan approved by SEMARNAT with regard to the August 2014 spill; (iii) the alleged lack of community approval regarding the environmental impact authorizations granted by SEMARNAT to one subsidiary of the Company; and (iv) the alleged inactivity of the authorities with regard of the spill in August 2014. The plaintiffs of those lawsuits are: Francisca Garcia Enriquez, et al which established two lawsuits, Francisco Ramon Miranda, et al and Jesus David Lopez Peralta et al. In the first quarter of 2016, an additional constitutional lawsuit, claiming same damages was filed by Oscar Encinas Gamez et al; and during  the third quarter of 2016, three additional constitutional lawsuits, claiming same damages were filed by Maria Elena Heredia Bustamante et al; Martin Eligio Ortiz Gamez et al; and Maria de los Angeles Enriquez Bacame et al. 
     
  It is currently not possible to determine the extent of the damages sought in these state and federal lawsuits but the Company considers that these lawsuits are without merit. Accordingly, the Company is vigorously defending against these actions. Nevertheless, the Company considers that none of the legal proceedings resulting from the spill, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, BVC estimated total damages at $136.4 million, of which $42.3 million was paid with the Company s funds, and approximately one billion Mexican pesos (approximately $74.9 million) was deposited in the trust. These funds have been available and are being used to compensate claims as they arise. This deposit was classified as restricted cash and was recorded as an operating expense in the Company s results.  
     
  The Company believes that all of its facilities in Peru and Mexico are in material compliance with applicable environmental, mining and other laws and regulations.  
     
  The Company also believes that continued compliance with environmental laws of Mexico and Peru will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, properties, result of operations, financial condition or prospects and will not result in material capital investments.  
     
   Litigation matters  : 
     
   Garcia Ataucuri and Others against SCC s Peruvian Branch:   
     
  In April 1996, the Branch was served with a complaint filed in Peru by Mr. Garcia Ataucuri and approximately 900 former employees seeking the delivery of a substantial number of  labor shares  (acciones laborales) plus dividends on such shares, to  
     
 17   

Table of Contents   
     
  be issued to each former employee in proportion to their time of employment with SCC s Peruvian Branch, pursuant to a former Peruvian mandated profit sharing law.  
     
  The labor share litigation is based on claims of former employees for ownership of labor shares that the plaintiffs state that the Branch did not issue during the 1970s until 1979 under such former Peruvian mandated profit sharing law. In 1971, the Peruvian government enacted legislation providing that mining workers would have a 10% participation in the pre-tax profits of their employing enterprises. This participation was distributed 40% in cash and 60% in an equity interest of the enterprise. In 1978, the equity portion, which was originally delivered to a mining industry workers  organization, was set at 5.5% of pre-tax profits and was delivered, mainly in the form of  labor shares  to individual workers. The cash portion was set at 4.0% of pre-tax earnings and was delivered to individual employees also in proportion to their time of employment with the Branch. In 1992, the workers  participation was set at 8%, with 100% payable in cash and the equity participation was eliminated from the law.  
     
  In relation to the issuance of  labor shares  by the Branch in Peru, the Branch is a defendant in the following lawsuits:  
     
  1)                      Mr. Garcia Ataucuri seeks delivery, to himself and each of the approximately 900 former employees of the Peruvian Branch, of the 3,876,380,679.65 old soles or 38,763,806.80  labor shares  (acciones laborales), as required by Decree Law 22333 (a former profit sharing law), to be issued proportionally to each former employee in accordance with the time of employment of such employee with SCC s Branch in Peru, plus dividends on such shares. The 38,763,806.80 labor shares sought in the complaint, with a face value of 100.00 old soles each, represent 100% of the labor shares issued by the Branch during the 1970s until 1979 for all of its employees during that period. The plaintiffs do not represent 100% of the Branch s eligible employees during that period. 
     
  It should be noted that the lawsuit refers to a prior Peruvian currency called  sol de oro  or old soles, which was later changed to the  inti , and then into today s  sol . Due to a past period of high inflation between 1985 and 1990, one billion of old soles is equivalent to today s one sol.  
     
  After lengthy proceedings before the civil courts in Peru on September 19, 2001, on appeal by the Branch, the Peruvian Supreme Court annulled the proceedings noting that the civil courts lacked jurisdiction and that the matter had to be decided by a labor court (the  2000 appeal ).  
     
  In October 2007, in a separate proceeding initiated by the plaintiffs, the Peruvian Constitutional Court nullified the September 19, 2001 Peruvian Supreme Court decision and ordered the Supreme Court to decide again on the merits of the case accepting or denying the 2000 appeal.  
     
  In May 2009, the Supreme Court rejected the 2000 appeal of the Branch affirming the adverse decision of the appellate civil court and lower civil court. While the Supreme Court has ordered SCC s Peruvian Branch to deliver the labor shares and dividends, it has clearly stated that SCC s Peruvian Branch may prove, by all legal means, its assertion that the labor shares and dividends were distributed to the former employees in accordance with the profit sharing law then in effect, an assertion which SCC s Peruvian Branch continues to make.  
     
  On June 9, 2009, the Branch filed a proceeding of relief before a civil court in Peru seeking the nullity of the 2009 Supreme Court decision and, in a separate proceeding, a request for a precautionary measure. The civil court rendered a favorable decision on the nullity and the precautionary measure, suspending the enforcement of the Supreme Court decision, for the reasons indicated above and other reasons. In February 2012, the Branch was notified that the civil court had reversed its prior decisions. On appeal by the Peruvian Branch the Superior Court affirmed the lower court s decisions regarding the nullity of the 2009 Supreme Court decision and the precautionary measure. As a result, the nullity of the precautionary measure became final and is not appealable. However, the nullity of the 2009 Supreme Court decision was appealed by the Branch before the Constitutional Court. On April 10, 2014, the Constitutional Court denied the Company s appeal and affirmed the lower court s decision.  
     
  On September 23, 2015, the lower court that ordered the delivery by the Branch of the labor shares, seized 10,501,857 investment shares owned by SCC and Compania Minera Los Tolmos, S.A. ( Los Tolmos ). The Company is vigorously defending against these measures, and has challenged them on various grounds, mainly because a  labor share  created by law in 1979 is not equivalent to an  investment share , on a one to one basis, as the latter must recognize the Peruvian inflation of the 1980-2014 period. One  investment share  represents ten million  labor shares . Additionally, the seized investment shares are owned by SCC and Los Tolmos, companies that are not a party in the lawsuit.  
     
  In December 2015, the Company appealed the lower court s decision before the Superior Court that declared without merit its opposition to the seizure. Los Tolmos initiated a third party claim to ownership, to have the lower court cancel the   
     
 18   

Table of Contents   
     
  seizure order on their investment shares. In January 2016, the lower court issued a resolution clarifying that the seizure measure applies to the investment shares owned by SCC s Peruvian Branch even if they are in possession of SCC or Los Tolmos.  
     
  On October 4, 2016, the Superior Court issued Resolution N.10 which ruled that SCC s assertion that the plaintiffs had participated in each of the labor share exchange transactions has not been proven. Hence, an expert must be engaged to establish which plaintiffs received the labor shares; to determine who are the holders of the current investment share certificates; determine the dividend amounts that have been generated by such shares and to identify the plaintiffs who have collected the dividends. The court also ruled that the seizure of the corporation s investment shares was unfounded.  
     
  This ruling is important because it recognizes that the value of the original labor shares was affected by the fluctuations in Peruvian currency, which changed over time from the original  sol de oro  to the  inti , and subsequently to the  Nuevo sol  or currently simply referred to as the  sol . Such fluctuation affected the value of a Labor share on a 10 to 1 exchange ratio, and the value of the investment shares, at an exchange ratio of 1,000 to 1.  
     
   If the recent ruling of the Superior Court is upheld on appeal,  SCC s Peruvian Branch believes that the expert s review will prove the validity of the Branch s assertions that it fulfilled its obligations to the plaintiffs.  Additionally, if upheld on appeal the Court s recognition of the exchange ratio of the original 1980 labor shares to today s investment shares, makes the final result of this matter not material for the Company. 
     
  2)                      In addition, there are filed against SCC s Branch the following lawsuits, involving approximately 800 plaintiffs, which seek the same number of labor shares as in the Garcia Ataucuri case, plus interest, labor shares resulting from capital increases and dividends: (1) Armando Cornejo Flores and others v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed May 10, 2006); (2) Alejandro Zapata Mamani and others v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed June 27, 2008); (3) Edgardo Garcia Ataucuri, in representation of 216 of SCC s Peruvian Branch former workers, v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed May 2011); (4) Juan Guillermo Oporto Carpio v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed August 2011); (5) Rene Mercado Caballero v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed November 2011); (6) Enrique Salazar Alvarez and others v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed December 2011); (7) Armando Cornejo Flores, in representation of 37 of SCC s Peruvian Branch former workers v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed March 2012); (8) Porfirio Ochochoque Mamani and others v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed July 2012); (9) Alfonso Claudio Flores Jimenez and others v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed July 2013); (10) Edgardo Garcia Ataucuri in representation of 104 of SCC s Peruvian Branch former workers (filed March 2015); (11) Nicolas Aurelio Sueros Benavente v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed May 2015); (12) Victor Raul Marquez Cano v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed June 2015) and (13) Armando Cornejo Flores in representation of five former workers of SCC s Peruvian Branch v. SCC s Peruvian Branch (filed September 2016). SCC s Peruvian Branch has answered the complaints and denied the validity of the asserted claims. 
     
  SCC s Peruvian Branch asserts that the labor shares were distributed to the former employees in accordance with the profit sharing law then in effect. The Peruvian Branch has not made a provision for these lawsuits because it believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted in the complaints. Additionally, the amount of this contingency cannot be reasonably estimated by management at this time.  
     
   The  Virgen Maria  Mining Concessions of the Tia Maria Mining Project   
     
  The Tia Maria project includes various mining concessions, totaling 32,989.64 hectares. One of the concessions is the  Virgen Maria  mining concession totaling 943.72 hectares or 2.9% of the total mining concessions.  
     
  Related to the  Virgen Maria  mining concessions, the Company is party to the following lawsuit:  
     
                        Exploraciones de Concesiones Metalicas S.A.C. ( Excomet ): In August 2009, a lawsuit was filed against SCC s Branch by the former stockholders of Excomet. The plaintiffs allege that the acquisition of Excomet s shares by the Branch is null and void because the $2 million purchase price paid by the Branch for the shares of Excomet was not fairly negotiated by the plaintiffs and the Branch. In 2005, the Branch acquired the shares of Excomet after lengthy negotiations with the plaintiffs, and after the plaintiffs, which were all the stockholders of Excomet, approved the transaction in a general stockholders  meeting. Excomet was at the time owner of the  Virgen Maria  mining concession. In October 2011, the civil court dismissed the case on the grounds that the claim had been barred by the statute of limitations. On appeal by the plaintiffs, the superior court reversed the lower court s decision and remanded it to the lower court for further proceedings. In August 2015, the lower court dismissed the case on the grounds that the plaintiffs had not proven the alleged unfairness of the negotiations. The plaintiffs appealed this resolution before the Superior Court. In September 2016, the Superior Court confirmed the lower court s resolution. The plaintiffs may appeal this last resolution before the Supreme Court. 
     
 19   

Table of Contents   
     
  The Company asserts that this lawsuit is without merit and is vigorously defending against it.  
     
   The Tia Maria Mining Project   
     
  There are four lawsuits filed against the Peruvian Branch of the Company related to the Tia Maria project. The lawsuits seek (i) to declare null and void the resolution which approved the Environmental Impact Assessment of the project; (ii) the cancellation of the project and the withdrawal of mining activities in the area and (iii) to declare null and void the beneficiation concession application of the Tia Maria project. The lawsuits were filed by Messrs. Jorge Isaac del Carpio Lazo, Ernesto Mendoza Padilla, Nicolas Belfiore Nicolini and Juan Alberto Guillen Lopez.  
     
  The Company asserts that these lawsuits are without merit and is vigorously defending against them.  
     
   Special Regional Pasto Grande Project ( Pasto Grande Project )   
     
  In 2012, the Pasto Grande Project, an entity of the Regional Government of Moquegua, filed a lawsuit against SCC s Peruvian Branch alleging property rights over a certain area used by the Peruvian Branch and seeking the demolition of the tailings dam where SCC s Peruvian Branch has deposited its tailings from the Toquepala and Cuajone operations since 1995. The Peruvian Branch has had title to use the area in question since 1960 and has constructed and operated the tailing dams with proper governmental authorization, since 1995. SCC s Peruvian Branch asserts that the lawsuit is without merit and is vigorously defending against it. Upon a motion filed by the Peruvian Branch, the lower court has included MINEM as a defendant in this lawsuit. MINEM has answered the complaint and denied the validity of the claim. As of September 30, 2016, the case remains pending resolution without further developments.  
     
   Carla Lacey and Barbara Siegfried, on behalf of themselves and all other similarly situated stockholders of Southern Copper Corporation, and derivatively on behalf of Southern Copper Corporation   
     
  A purported class action derivative lawsuit filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery was served on the Company and its Directors in February 2016 relating to the 2012 capitalization of 99.999% of MGE by Controladora de Infraestructura Energetica Mexico, S.A. de C.V., an indirect subsidiary of Grupo Mexico (the  CIEM Capitalization ), the Company s entry into a power purchase agreement with MGE in 2012 (the  MGE Power Purchase Agreement ), and the 2012 restructuring of a loan from the Company s Mexican Operations to MGE for the construction of two power plants to supply power to the Company s Mexican operations (the  MGE Loan Restructuring ). The action purports to be brought on behalf of the Company and its common stockholders. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the CIEM Capitalization, the MGE Power Purchase Agreement and the MGE Loan Restructuring were the result of breaches of fiduciary duties and the Company s charter. The Company has filed a response denying these allegations and is currently in the discovery process.  
     
   Labor matters  : 
     
   Peruvian operations  : Approximately 74% of the Company s 3,366 Peruvian workers were unionized at September 30, 2016. Currently, there are five separate unions, one large union and four smaller unions. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company signed three-year agreements with all five unions. These agreements include, among other things, annual salary increases of 5% for each of the three years. 
     
  The Company has not had any labor stoppages at its Peruvian operations as of the nine months ending September 30, 2016.  
     
   Mexican operations  : In recent years, the Mexican operations have experienced a positive improvement of their labor environment, as its workers opted to change their affiliation from the Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores Mineros, Metalurgicos y Similares de la Republica Mexicana (the  National Mining Union ) to other less politicized unions. 
     
  However, the workers of the San Martin and Taxco mines, are still under the National Mining Union and have been on strike since July 2007. On December 10, 2009, a federal court confirmed the legality of the San Martin strike. In order to recover the control of the San Martin mine and resume operations, the Company filed a court petition on January 27, 2011 requesting that the court, among other things, define the termination payment for each unionized worker. The court denied the petition alleging that, according to federal labor law, the union was the only legitimate party to file such petition. On appeal by the Company, on May 13, 2011, the Mexican federal tribunal accepted the petition. In July 2011, the National Mining Union appealed the favorable court decision before the Supreme Court. On November 7, 2012, the Supreme Court affirmed the decision of the federal tribunal. The Company filed a new proceeding before the labor court on the basis of the Supreme Court decision, which recognized the right of the labor court to define responsibility for the strike and the termination payment for each unionized worker. A favorable   
     
 20   

Table of Contents   
     
  decision of the labor court in this new proceeding would have the effect of terminating the protracted strike at San Martin. As of September 30, 2016, the case remains pending resolution without further developments.  
     
  In the case of the Taxco mine, following the workers refusal to allow exploration of new reserves, the Company commenced litigation seeking to terminate the labor relationship with workers at the mine (including termination of the related collective bargaining agreement). On September 1, 2010, the federal labor court issued a ruling approving the termination of the collective bargaining agreement and all the individual labor contracts of the workers affiliated with the Mexican mining union at the Taxco mine. The mining union appealed the labor court ruling before a federal court. In September 2011, the federal court accepted the union s appeal and remanded the case to the federal labor court for reconsideration. After several legal proceedings on January 25, 2013, the Company filed a new proceeding before the labor court. On June 16, 2014, the labor court denied the petition of the Company. The resolution issued by the labor court was challenged by the Company before a federal court. In August 2015, the Supreme Court decided to assert jurisdiction over the case and to rule on it directly. Considering this new decision of the Supreme Court, there could be grounds for a favorable decision to end the protracted strike at the Taxco mine. As of September 30, 2016, the case remains pending resolution without further developments.  
     
  It is expected that operations at these mines will remain suspended until these labor issues are resolved.  
     
  In view of these lengthy strikes, the Company has reviewed the carrying value of the San Martin and Taxco mines to ascertain whether impairment exists. The Company concluded that there is a non-material impairment of the assets located at these mines.  
     
  Excluding the San Martin and Taxco mines, the Company has not had any labor stoppages at its Mexican operations as of the nine months ending September 30, 2016.  
     
   Other legal matters  : 
     
  The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings incidental to its operations, but the Company does not believe that decisions adverse to it in any such proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.  
     
   Other commitments  : 
     
   Peruvian Operations   
     
   Tia Maria:   
     
  On August 1, 2014, the Company received the final approval of Tia Maria s Environmental Impact Assessment ( EIA ). However, the issuance of the project s construction permit has been delayed due to pressures from anti-mining groups. In 2016, the Company has continued working with community groups in order to resolve open issues concerning the project.  
     
  Tia Maria s project budget is approximately $1.4 billion of which $362.8 million has been invested through September 30, 2016. When completed, it is expected to produce 120,000 tons of copper cathodes per year. This project will use state-of-the-art SX-EW technology with the highest international environmental standards. SX-EW facilities are the most environmentally friendly in the industry as they do not require a smelting process and consequently, no emissions are released into the atmosphere. The project will only use seawater, transporting this more than 25 kilometers to 1,000 meters above sea level, and includes a desalinization plant which will be constructed at a cost of $95 million. Consequently, the Tambo river water resources and the water resources from the wells in the area will be used solely for farming and human consumption.  
     
  The Company expects the project to generate 3,500 jobs during the construction phase. When in operation, Tia Maria will directly employ 600 workers and indirectly another 2,000. Through its expected twenty-year life, the project related services will create significant business opportunities in the Arequipa region.  
     
  In view of the delay in this project, the Company has reviewed the carrying value of this asset to ascertain whether impairment exists. Should the Tia Maria project not resume operations, the Company is confident that most of the project equipment will continue to be used productively, through reassignment to other mine locations operated by the Company. The Company believes that an impairment loss, if any, will not be material.  
     
 21   

Table of Contents   
     
   Toquepala Concentrator Expansion:   
     
  In April 2015, the construction permit for the Toquepala expansion project was approved by the MINEM. The project budget is $1.2 billion, of which $476.6 million has been expended through September 30, 2016. When completed, this expansion project is expected to increase annual production capacity by 100,000 tons of copper and 3,100 tons of molybdenum.  
     
   Corporate Social Responsibility:   
     
  The Company has a corporate social responsibility policy to promote local sustainable development in the regions where it develops its mining operations. The objective of this policy is to integrate with local communities in the areas of Company influence, promote dialogue to achieve sustainable development while maintaining the continuity of operations. To reinforce these initiatives, the Peruvian National Government promotes  development roundtables  where the national, regional and local authorities participate in conjunction with local organized community groups and Company representatives to identify initiatives for regional development. Accordingly, the Company participates in various roundtables as follows:  
     
   Tacna Region:   In connection with the Toquepala concentrator expansion, the Company has committed to fund various social and infrastructure projects in Toquepala s neighboring communities. The total amount committed for these purposes is S/ 400.0 million (approximately $118 million). 
     
   Moquegua Region:   In connection with the Cuajone operations, the Company is part of a  development roundtable  which is discussing the creation of a development fund. While the fund amount is not yet settled, the Company has committed to contribute S/ 108.5 million (approximately $32 million) in advance, for an important landmark educational project which is benefiting the Moquegua children and teachers. 
     
   Arequipa Region:   In connection with the Tia Maria project, the Company has offered to fund technical studies for S/ 38 million (approximately $11 million) in cooperation with the regional and local authorities, to promote social and infrastructure projects for the benefit of the Tia Maria s neighboring communities. 
     
  These commitments are subject to the continuity of the respective mine operations and, as such, are not present obligations of the Company, therefore, the Company has not recorded a liability on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
   Power purchase agreements:   
     
                         Enersur:  In 1997, SCC signed a power purchase agreement with an independent power company, Enersur S.A. under which SCC agreed to purchase all of its power needs for its current Peruvian operations from Enersur for twenty years, through April 2017. 
     
                         Electroperu S.A.:  In June 2014, the Company signed a power purchase agreement for 120 megawatt ( MW ) with the state power company Electroperu S.A., under which Electroperu S.A. will supply energy for the Peruvian operations for twenty years starting on April 17, 2017 and ending on April 30, 2037. 
     
                         Kallpa Generacion S.A. ( Kallpa ):  In July 2014, the Company signed a power purchase agreement for 120MW with Kallpa, an independent Israeli owned power company, under which Kallpa will supply energy for the Peruvian operations for ten years starting on April 17, 2017 and ending on April 30, 2027. In May 2016, the Company signed an additional power purchase agreement for a maximum of 80MW with Kallpa, under which Kallpa will supply energy for the Peruvian operations related to the Toquepala Expansion and other minor projects for ten years starting on May 1, 2017 and ending after ten years of commercial operation of the Toquepala Expansion or on April 30, 2029; whichever happens first. 
     
   Mexican operations   
     
   Power purchase agreements:   
     
                         MGE:  In 2012, the Company signed a power purchase agreement with MGE, an indirect subsidiary of Grupo Mexico, to supply power to some of the Company s Mexican operations through 2032. For further information, please see Note 8  Related party transactions . 
     
   Corporate operations   
     
   Commitment for Capital projects:   
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has committed approximately $308.2 million for the development of its capital investment projects at its operations.  
     
 22   

Table of Contents   
     
   Tax contingency matters:   
     
  Tax contingencies are provided for under ASC 740-10-50-15 Uncertain tax position (see Note 5  Income taxes ).  
     
   NOTE 11   SEGMENT AND RELATED INFORMATION:   
     
  Company management views Southern Copper as having three reportable segments and manages it on the basis of these segments. The reportable segments identified by the Company are: the Peruvian operations, the Mexican open-pit operations and the Mexican underground mining operations segment identified as the IMMSA unit.  
     
  The three reportable segments identified are groups of mines, each of which constitute an operating segment, with similar economic characteristics, type of products, processes and support facilities, similar regulatory environments, similar employee bargaining contracts and similar currency risks. In addition, each mine within the individual group earns revenues from similar type of customers for their products and services and each group incurs expenses independently, including commercial transactions between groups.  
     
  Financial information is regularly prepared for each of the three segments and the results of the Company s operations are regularly reported to Senior Management on the segment basis. Senior Management of the Company focus on operating income and on total assets as measures of performance to evaluate different segments and to make decisions to allocate resources to the reported segments. These are common measures in the mining industry.  
     
  Financial information relating to Southern Copper s segments is as follows ($ in millions):  

23   

Table of Contents   

(*) Corporate, other and eliminations includes $100.4 million purchase of the El Pilar mining property acquisition.  

24   

Table of Contents   

(*) Corporate, other and eliminations includes $100.4 million purchase of the El Pilar mining property acquisition.  
     
   NOTE 12   STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY:   
     
   Treasury Stock:   
     
  Activity in treasury stock in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (in millions):  

The following table summarizes share distributions in the nine months of 2016 and 2015:  

Southern Copper Common Shares:   
     
  At September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were in treasury 111,579,617 and 98,044,916 SCC s common shares, respectively.  
     
 25   

Table of Contents   
     
   SCC share repurchase program:   
     
  In 2008, the Company s Board of Directors ( BOD ) authorized a $500 million share repurchase program that has since been increased by the BOD and is currently authorized to $3 billion, of which $2,918.4 million has been expended. Pursuant to this program, the Company purchased common stock as shown in the table below. These shares are available for general corporate purposes. The Company may purchase additional shares of its common stock from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors. This repurchase program has no expiration date and may be modified or discontinued at any time.  

(*) NYSE closing price of SCC common shares at September 30, 2016.  
     
  As a result of the repurchase of shares of SCC s common stock, Grupo Mexico s direct and indirect ownership was 88.9% as of September 30, 2016.  
     
   Directors  Stock Award Plan:   
     
  The Company established a stock award compensation plan for certain directors who are not compensated as employees of the Company. Under this plan, participants will receive 1,200 shares of common stock upon election and 1,200 additional shares following each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter. 600,000 shares of Southern Copper common stock have been reserved for this plan. The Plan expired on January 31, 2016. The BOD and the stockholders approved a one-year extension of the Plan until January 30, 2017.The fair value of the award is measured each year at the date of the grant.  
     
  The activity of the plan in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

Parent Company common shares:   
     
  At September 30, 2016 and 2015 there were in treasury 115,781,665 and 92,739,076 of Grupo Mexico s shares, respectively.  
     
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan:   
     
   2007 Plan  : In January 2007, the Company offered to eligible employees a stock purchase plan (the  Employee Stock Purchase Plan ) through a trust that acquires shares of Grupo Mexico stock for sale to its employees, employees of subsidiaries, and certain affiliated companies. The purchase price was established at the approximate fair market value on the grant date. Every two years employees were able to acquire title to 50% of the shares paid in the previous two years. The employees paid for shares 
     
 26   

Table of Contents   
     
  purchased through monthly payroll deductions over the eight year period of the plan. At the end of the eight year period, the Company granted the participant a bonus of one share for every ten shares purchased by the employee.  
     
  The participants were entitled to receive dividends in cash for dividends paid by Grupo Mexico for all shares that were fully purchased and paid by the employee as of the date that the dividend was paid. If the participant had only partially paid for shares, the entitled dividends were used to reduce the remaining liability owed for purchased shares.  
     
  In the case of voluntary or involuntary resignation/termination of the employee, the Company paid to the employee the fair market sales price at the date of resignation/termination of the fully paid shares, net of costs and taxes. When the fair market sales value of the shares was higher than the purchase price, the Company applied a deduction over the amount to be paid to the employee based on a decreasing schedule specified in the plan.  
     
  In case of retirement or death of the employee, the Company rendered the buyer or his legal beneficiary, the fair market sales value as of the date of retirement or death of the shares effectively paid, net of costs and taxes. This plan ended in January 2015.  
     
  The following table presents the stock award activity of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan at the close of the plan and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

2010 Plan  : During 2010, the Company offered to eligible employees a stock purchase plan through a trust that acquires series B shares of Grupo Mexico stock for sale to its employees, employees of subsidiaries, and certain affiliated companies. The purchase price was established at 26.51 Mexican pesos (approximately $2.05) for the initial subscription. The terms of this plan are similar to the terms of the prior Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
     
  The stock based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the unrecognized compensation expense under this plan were as follows (in millions):  

The unrecognized compensation expense under this plan is expected to be recognized over the remaining two year and three-month period.  
     
  The following table presents the stock award activity of the New Employee Stock Purchase Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

27   

Table of Contents   
     
   2015 Plan  : In January 2015, the Company offered to eligible employees a new stock purchase plan (the  New Employee Stock Purchase Plan ) through a trust that acquires series B of shares of Grupo Mexico stock for sale to its employees, and employees of subsidiaries, and certain affiliated companies. The purchase price was established at 38.44 Mexican pesos (approximately $2.63) for the initial subscription, which expires in January 2023. Every two years employees will be able to acquire title to 50% of the shares paid in the previous two years. The employees will pay for shares purchased through monthly payroll deductions over the eight year period of the plan. At the end of the eight year period, the Company will grant the participant a bonus of 1 share for every 10 shares purchased by the employee. Any future subscription will be at the average market price at the date of acquisition or the grant date. 
     
  If Grupo Mexico pays dividends on shares during the eight year period, the participants will be entitled to receive the dividend in cash for all shares that have been fully purchased and paid as of the date that the dividend is paid. If the participant has only partially paid for shares, the entitled dividends will be used to reduce the remaining liability owed for purchased shares.  
     
  In the case of voluntary or involuntary resignation/termination of the employee, the Company will pay to the employee the fair market sales price at the date of resignation of the fully paid shares, net of costs and taxes. When the fair market sales value of the shares is higher than the purchase price, the Company will apply a deduction over the amount to be paid to the employee based on a decreasing schedule specified in the plan.  
     
  In case of retirement or death of the employee, the Company will render the buyer or his legal beneficiary, the fair market sales value as of the date of retirement or death of the shares effectively paid, net of costs and taxes.  
     
  The stock based compensation expense for the nine months of 2016 and 2015 and the unrecognized compensation expense under this plan were as follows ($ in millions):  

The following table presents the stock award activity of this plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

28   

Table of Contents   
     
   Non-controlling interest:   
     
  The following table presents the non-controlling interest activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($ in millions):  

NOTE 13   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:   
     
  Subtopic 820-10 of ASC  Fair value measurement and disclosures   Overall  establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Subtopic 820-10 are described below:  
     
  Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.  
     
  Level 2 - Inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, but do not qualify as Level 1 inputs. (i.e., quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities).  
     
  Level 3 - Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market activity).  
     
  The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable (other than accounts receivable associated with provisionally priced sales) and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short maturities. Consequently, such financial instruments are not included in the following table that provides information about the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of other financial instruments that are not measured at fair value in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ($ in millions):  

Long-term debt is carried at amortized cost and its estimated fair value is based on quoted market prices classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy except for the case of the Yankee bonds which qualify as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as they are based on quoted priced in market that are not active.  
     
  Fair values of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were calculated as follows as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  
     
 29   

Table of Contents   

The Company s short-term trading securities investments are classified as Level 1 because they are valued using quoted prices of the same securities as they consist of bonds issued by public companies and publicly traded. The Company s short-term available-for-sale investments are classified as Level 2 because they are valued using quoted prices for similar investments.  
     
  The Company s accounts receivables associated with provisionally priced copper sales are valued using quoted market prices based on the forward price on the LME or on the COMEX. Such value is classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Molybdenum prices are established by reference to the publication Platt s Metals Week and are considered Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.  
     
   NOTE 14   RESTRUCTURING PLAN:   
     
  In 2016, the Company initiated a restructuring plan with the overall goal to improve its sustainable earnings potential, asset utilization and operational performance. The plan implementation began in the first quarter of 2016 and concluded by the end of the third quarter of 2016. The plan focused on achieving the appropriate administrative workforce size, skill requirements, changes in management structure and consolidating functions for efficiency, including staff location and/or relocation. The plan was developed and managed by senior management of the Company s majority shareholder, with assistance from an independent consulting group and was implemented in stages as functional areas of the Company were reviewed.  
     
 30   

Table of Contents   
     
  The total cost of the plan was $6.9 million which was included in selling, general and administrative expenses. As part of the plan, 231 employees, located in Peru and Mexico, accepted the severance package offered by the Company.   
     
   NOTE 15   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS:   
     
  Dividends:  
  On October 20, 2016 the Board of Directors authorized a quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share payable on November 29, 2016 to SCC shareholders of record at the close of business on November 9, 2016.  
     
 31   

Table of Contents   
     
   Part I   
     
   Item 2.MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
     
   The following discussion provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Southern Copper Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively,  SCC  the  Company   our  and  we ). This item should be read in conjunction with our interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in this quarterly report. Additionally, the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   
     
  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW  
     
   Business  : Our business is primarily the production and sale of copper. In the process of producing copper, a number of valuable metallurgical by-products are recovered, which we also produce and sell. Market forces outside of our control largely determine the sale prices for our products. Our management, therefore, focuses on value creation through copper production, cost control, production enhancement and maintaining a prudent capital structure to remain profitable. We endeavor to achieve these goals through capital spending programs, exploration efforts and cost reduction programs. Our aim is to remain profitable during periods of low copper prices and to maximize financial performance in periods of high copper prices. 
     
  We are one of the world s largest copper mining companies in terms of production and sales with our principal operations in Peru and Mexico. We also have active ongoing exploration programs in Chile, Argentina and Ecuador. In addition to copper, we produce significant amounts of other metals, either as a by-product of the copper process or in a number of dedicated mining facilities in Mexico.  
     
   Outlook  : Various key factors will affect our outcome. These include, but are not limited to, some of the following: 
     
                   Changes in copper and molybdenum prices:  In the nine-month period of 2016, the average LME and COMEX copper prices were $2.14 per pound and $2.13 per pound, respectively, 17.4% and 18.4% lower than in the same period of 2015. During the nine months of 2016 per pound LME spot copper prices ranged from $1.96 to $2.31. Average molybdenum and zinc prices in the nine months of 2016 decreased 11.5% and 5.4%, respectively, while silver prices increased 6.9% when compared to the average prices in the nine months of 2015. 
     
                   Sales structure:  In the nine months of 2016, approximately 78% of our revenue came from the sale of copper, 5% from molybdenum, 6% from silver, 4% from zinc and 7% from various other products, including gold, sulfuric acid and other materials. 
     
                   Copper : As we approach the end of 2016, our expectations are for the year to finish with a small deficit, giving support to current copper prices. For 2017, we expect a demand growth between 2.5% to 3.0%, even though we have a lower than expected production outlook for the world economy. We believe that next year will see the beginning of the structural copper market deficit that has been created by the lack of new project investments in recent years. 
     
  On the supply side, even though new projects will increase refined copper availability, production cuts, as well as delays in project startups, technical problems, labor unrest, excess government taxation and other difficulties will affect total copper supply, significantly reducing the impact of new production on the copper market balance.  
     
  We believe that all of these elements will significantly offset the new production coming to the market as a result of past investments.  
     
                   Molybdenum : Represented 5.2% of our sales in the third quarter of 2016 and is currently our second most significant by-product after silver. During the third quarter of 2016, the molybdenum price maintained its level when compared to the second quarter of 2016 due to production cuts from major producers. The molybdenum market is still affected by existing excess inventories and weak demand coming from steel special alloys and the oil drilling industry. 
     
 32   

Table of Contents   
     
  Molybdenum is mainly used in the production of special alloys for stainless steel that require significant hardness and corrosion and heat resistance. A new use for this metal is in lubricants and sulfur filtering of heavy oils and shale gas production.  
     
                   Silver : Represented 6.2% of our sales in the third quarter of 2016. We believe that silver prices will have support due to its industrial uses as well as its linkage to gold as a value shelter in times of economic uncertainty. 
     
                   Zinc : Represented 4.2% of our sales in the third quarter of 2016. We also believe that zinc has very good long term fundamentals due to its significant industrial consumption and to the expected mine production shutdowns. In the last 12 months, zinc inventories have consistently decreased, improving these market s fundamentals. We are expecting an increasing price scenario for zinc over the next few years. 
     
                   Production : For 2016, improvements in operational practices, exchange rate depreciation where we operate, lower fuel costs and capital investments will reduce unit costs and increase our copper and molybdenum production. We are adjusting our production guidance. Our current estimate for 2016 copper production is 905,600 tons, which is 162,607 tons higher than last year s production of 742,993 tons. With this production increase, we will set a new production record for SCC. 
     
  We expect to produce 22,800 tons of molybdenum, lower by 2.3% from last year s production of 23,347 tons.  
     
  Additionally, we expect to produce 16.0 million ounces of silver, about 20.3% higher than the 2015 production of 13.3 million ounces due to higher Buenavista and IMMSA production. Regarding zinc production, for 2016 we expect to produce 86,900 tons of zinc from our mines, 40.5% higher than 2015 s production, mainly due the recovery of the Santa Eulalia mine, whose production was affected by a flood in late 2014 and from higher Charcas mine production.  
     
                   Cost:  Our operating costs and expenses for the nine-month periods of 2016 and 2015 were as follows ($ in millions): 

The increase in operating costs and expenses was principally due to higher cost of sales at our Mexican operations due an increase in copper sales volume of 25.2%; and higher depreciation, amortization and depletion due new assets added to our operations at Buenavista.  
     
                   Capital Investments:  In the nine months of 2016, we invested $840.5 million in capital investments, compared to $946.3 million in the same period of 2015, which included the El Pilar acquisition in Sonora, Mexico. This is 11.2% lower than in the nine months of 2015, and represented 139.0% of net income. We continue moving forward with our investment program to increase copper production capacity by 90% from our 2013 production level of 617,000 tons to 1.2 million tons. 
     
  KEY MATTERS:  
     
  We discuss below several matters that we believe are important to understand our results of operations and financial condition. These matters include (i) our earnings, (ii) our production, (iii) our  operating cash costs  as a measure of our performance, (iv) metal prices, (v) business segments, (vi) the effect of inflation and other local currency issues, and (vii) our capital investment and exploration program.  
     
    Earnings:    The table below highlights key financial and operational data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions, except per share amounts): 

33   

Table of Contents   
     
   Third quarter  : Net sales and net income in the third quarter of 2016 were higher than the third quarter of 2015 by $267.1 million and $99.2 million, respectively. These increases were principally the result of higher sales volume of copper (+30.5%) and silver (+21.5%) due to the increase in production from the Buenavista expansion, partially offset by lower copper prices. 
     
   Nine months  : Net sales in the nine months of 2016 were higher than in the nine months of 2015 by $189.5 million, mainly as a result of higher sales volume of copper (+25.2%) and silver (+24.0%), partially offset by lower prices for copper, molybdenum and zinc. Net income in the nine months of 2016 was 10.5% lower than the same period of 2015 mainly due to higher cost of sales, depreciation, amortization and depletion, and interest expense. 
     
    Production    :  The table below highlights mine production data for our Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The table below highlights copper production data at each of our mines for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Third quarter  : Copper mine production in the third quarter of 2016 increased 25% to 495.7 million pounds compared to 396.6 million pounds in the third quarter of 2015. This increase was due to higher production at our Buenavista mine as a result of the production from the new concentrator as well as better concentrate grades and recoveries. This was slightly reduced by lower production at our Peruvian operations. 
     
  Molybdenum production decreased 2.8% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 as a result of a decreased production at our Toquepala (-14.0%) and Cuajone (-23.2%) mines due to lower grades and recoveries. This was partially offset by higher production at our Buenavista mine.  
     
  Zinc production increased 15.7% in the third quarter of 2016, compared to the same period of 2015 due to higher production at our Charcas and Santa Eulalia mines as prior year problems at those mines were resolved.  
     
  Silver mine production in the third quarter 2016 increased 20% compared to the third quarter of 2015, as a result of increased production at the Buenavista mine, which increased to 1.2 million ounces from 0.6 million ounces in the third quarter of 2015. This was reduced by lower production at our Peruvian operations as well as our La Caridad mine.  
     
   Nine months  : Copper mined production in the nine months of 2016 increased 25.3% to 1,482.3 million pounds compared to 1,183.0 million pounds in the nine months of 2015, as a result of: 
                        Higher production at the Buenavista mine principally due to the startup of the new concentrator and better concentrate grades and recoveries. 
                        Higher production at the La Caridad mine due to higher concentrate grades, partially offset by 
                        Lower production at the Cuajone and Toquepala mines due to lower ore grades and concentrate recoveries. 
     
  Molybdenum production decreased 5.2% in the nine months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 principally due to lower production at our Peruvian mines because of lower grades and recoveries. This was partially offset by higher production at our Mexican operations, mainly due to an increase in production at our Buenavista mine.  
     
  Zinc production increased 25.1% in the nine months of 2016 due to higher production at our Charcas and Santa Eulalia mines as prior year problems at those mines were resolved.  
     
 34   

Table of Contents   
     
  Silver mine production increased 24.3% in the nine months of 2016 from the same period of 2015, due to higher production at our Buenavista and IMMSA mines. This was partially offset by lower production at the La Caridad mine and our Peruvian operations.  
     
   Metal Prices  : The profitability of our operations is dependent on, and our financial performance is significantly affected by, the international market prices for the products we produce, principally for copper and also for molybdenum, zinc and silver. 
     
  We are subject to market risks arising from the volatility of copper and other metal prices. For the remaining three months of 2016, assuming that expected metal production and sales are achieved, that tax rates are unchanged, giving no effect to potential hedging programs, metal price sensitivity factors would indicate the following change in estimated annual net income attributable to SCC resulting from metal price changes:  

Operating Cash Costs    :  An overall benchmark used by us and a common industry metric to measure performance is operating cash cost per pound of copper produced. Operating cash cost is a non-GAAP measure that does not have a standardized meaning and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures provided by other companies. This non-GAAP information should not be considered in isolation or as substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of our operating cash cost per pound of copper produced to the cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) as presented in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings is presented under the subheading  Non-GAAP Information Reconciliation  on page 49. We disclose operating cash cost per pound of copper produced, both without and with the inclusion of by-product revenues. 
     
  We define   operating cash cost per pound of copper produced  without  by-product revenues   as cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion), plus selling, general and administrative charges, treatment and refining charges net of sales premiums; less the cost of purchased concentrates, workers  participation and other miscellaneous charges, including royalty charges and the change in inventory levels; divided by total pounds of copper produced by our own mines.  
     
  We define   operating cash cost per pound of copper produced  with  by-product revenues   as operating cash cost per pound of copper produced, as defined in the previous paragraph, less by-product revenues and net revenue (loss) on sale of metal purchased from third parties.  
     
  In our calculation of operating cash cost per pound of copper produced, with by-product revenues, we credit against our costs the revenues from the sale of all our by-products, including, molybdenum, zinc, silver, gold, etc. and the net revenue (loss) on sale of metals purchased from third parties. We disclose this measure including the by-product revenues in this way because we consider our principal business to be the production and sale of copper. As part of our copper production process, much of our by-products are recovered. These by-products and the processing of copper purchased from third parties are a marginal part of our production process and their sales value contribute to cover part of our fixed costs incurred. We believe that our Company is viewed by the investment community as a copper company, and is valued, in large part, by the investment community s view of the copper market and our ability to produce copper at a reasonable cost.  
     
  We believe that both of these measures are useful tools for our management and our stakeholders. Our cash costs, without by-product revenues allow us to monitor our cost structure and address operating management areas of concern. The measure operating cash cost per pound of copper produced with by-product revenues is a common measure used in the copper industry and it is a useful management tool that allows us to track our performance and better allocate our resources. This measure is also used in our investment project evaluation process to determine a project s potential contribution to our operations, its competitiveness and its relative strength in different price scenarios. The expected contribution of by-products is generally a significant factor used by the copper industry in determining whether to move forward with the development of a new mining project. As the price of our by-product commodities can have significant fluctuations from period to period, the value of its contribution to our costs can be volatile.  
     
  Our operating cash cost per pound of copper produced, with and without by-product revenues, is presented in the table below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
 35   

Table of Contents   
     
    Operating cash cost per pound of copper produced (1)    
   (in millions, except cost per pound and percentages)   

(1)            This is a non-GAAP measure. Please see page 49 for reconciliation to GAAP measure. 
  (2)            Net of metallurgical losses. 
     
  As seen on the table above, our per pound cash cost without by-products revenues in the third quarter and the nine months of 2016 were 5.7% and 12.2% lower than in the same periods of 2015. These improvements in operating cash cost were the result of lower cost per pound from production costs, as a result of higher production at a lower per-unit cost from the Buenavista projects, lower cost per pound for labor, fuel, materials and energy costs and lower cost per pound from selling, general and administrative expenses, partially reduced by higher treatment and refining charges and premiums.  
     
  In addition, our per pound cash cost for the third quarter, when calculated with by-products revenues, was 15 cents lower than in the third quarter of 2015 due to higher by-product credits improved by higher molybdenum, zinc and silver prices. In the nine months ended September 30,2016, cash cost per pound with by-product revenues was 12 cents lower due to savings in our operating cash costs, in spite of lower copper, molybdenum and zinc princes that affected our by-product revenues.  
     
    Business Segments    :  We view our Company as having three reportable segments and manage it on the basis of these segments. These segments are (1) our Peruvian operations, (2) our Mexican open-pit operations and (3) our Mexican underground operations, known as our IMMSA unit. Our Peruvian operations include the Toquepala and Cuajone mine complexes and the smelting and refining plants, including a precious metals plant, industrial railroad and port facilities that service both mines. The Peruvian operations produce copper, with significant by-product production of molybdenum, silver and other material. Our Mexican open-pit operations include La Caridad and Buenavista mine complexes, the smelting and refining plants, including a precious metals plant and a copper rod plant and support facilities that service both mines. The Mexican open pit operations produce copper, with significant by-product production of molybdenum, silver and other material. Our IMMSA unit includes five underground mines that produce zinc, lead, copper, silver and gold, a coal mine which produces coal and coke, and a zinc refinery. 
     
  Segment information is included in our review of  Results of Operations  and also in Note 11 -  Segment and Related Information  of our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
    Inflation and Exchange Rate Effect of the Peruvian Sol and the Mexican Peso    :  Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar and our revenues are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Significant portions of our operating costs are denominated in Peruvian soles and Mexican pesos. Accordingly, when inflation and currency devaluation/appreciation of the Peruvian and Mexican currency occur, our operating results can be affected. In recent years we believe such changes have not had a material effect on our results and financial position. Please see Item 3  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  for more detailed information. 
     
    Capital Investment Programs:    We made capital investments of $275.6 million and $840.5 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $316.2 million and $845.9 million in the comparable periods of 2015, respectively. In  
     
 36   

Table of Contents   
     
  general, the capital investments and investment projects described below are intended to increase production, decrease costs or address social and environmental commitments.  
     
  Set forth below are descriptions of some of our current expected capital investment programs. We expect to meet the cash requirements for these projects from cash on hand, internally generated funds and from additional external financing, if necessary. All capital spending plans will continue to be reviewed and adjusted to respond to changes in the economy or market conditions.  
     
    Projects in Mexico    :  
     
   Buenavista Projects - Sonora  : We continue developing our $3.5 billion investment program at this unit where we have already invested $3.3 billion. The new concentrator started operating in September 2015 and it is now running at 105% of its design capacity. We are expecting to increase Buenavista production by 200,000 tons to produce 460,000 tons of copper in 2016 and 500,000 tons in 2017. We also expect to increase our Buenavista molybdenum production to 4,600 tons per year. 
     
  The  crushing, conveying and spreading system for leachable ore project (Quebalix IV)  will increase production by improving SX-EW copper recovery, reducing processing time as well as mining and hauling costs. The project has a crushing and conveying capacity of 80 million tons of ore per year. The plant is already commissioned and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the project has a 99% progress with an investment of $296.9 million out of the approved capital budget of $340.0 million.  
     
  Excluding the almost completed Quebalix IV project and some minor infrastructure facilities, all the other facilities of this program are currently operating. The Buenavista program is being completed on time and below our budget.  
     
    Projects in Peru    :  
     
   Toquepala Projects - Tacna  : The Toquepala expansion project includes a new state-of-the-art concentrator which will increase annual production capacity by 100,000 tons of copper to 235,000 tons in 2018, and will increase annual molybdenum production by 3,100 tons at an estimated capital cost of $1.2 billion. Through September 30, 2016, we have invested $476.6 million in the project. The project is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2018. 
     
  The project to improve the crushing process at Toquepala with the installation of a  High Pressure Grinding Roll (HPGR)  system, which will act as a quaternary crusher, has as its main objective, to ensure that our existing concentrator will operate at its maximum milling capacity of 60,000 tons per day, even with an increase of the ore material hardness index. Additionally, recoveries will be improved and production enhanced with a better ore crushing. The budget approved for this project is $40.0 million and as of September 30, 2016, we have invested $18.1 million in this project. We expect that this project will be completed by the fourth quarter of 2017.  
     
   Cuajone Projects - Moquegua  : The  Heavy Mineral Management Optimizing Project  consists of installing a primary crusher at the mine pit with a conveyor system for moving ore to the concentrator. The project aims to optimize the hauling process by replacing rail haulage, thereby reducing operating and maintenance costs as well as the environmental impact of the Cuajone mine. The crusher will have a processing capacity of 43.8 million tons per year. The main components including the crusher and the seven kilometer overland conveyor belt, have been acquired and we have started excavation and civil work. As of September 30, 2016, we have invested $112.9 million in this project out of the approved capital budget of $215.5 million. The project is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2017. 
     
  The project to  replace tailing thickeners  at the concentrator will replace two of the three existing thickeners with a new hi-rate thickener. The purpose is to streamline the concentrator flotation process and improve water recovery efficiency, increasing the tailings solids content from 54% to 61%, thereby reducing fresh water consumption and replacing it with recovered water. As of September 30, 2016, we continue with the engineering and procurement process. We have invested $7.7 million in this project out of the approved capital budget of $30 million, and we expect it to be completed by the second quarter of 2017.  
     
   Tia Maria project  : While we have received approval of Tia Maria s EIA, the issuance of the project s construction permit has been delayed by the Peruvian authorities due to certain pressures from anti-mining groups. During the third quarter of 2016, we have continued our work with community groups in order to resolve open issues concerning the project. 
     
  Tia Maria s project budget is approximately $1.4 billion of which $362.8 million has been invested through September 30, 2016. When completed, it is expected to produce 120,000 tons of copper cathodes per year. This project will use state-of-the-art SX-EW technology with the highest international environmental standards. SX-EW facilities are the most environmentally friendly in the industry as it does not require a smelting process and consequently, no emissions are released into the atmosphere. The  
     
 37   

Table of Contents   
     
  project will only use seawater, transporting it more than 25 kilometers to 1,000 meters above sea level, and includes a desalinization plant, which will be constructed at a cost of $95 million. Consequently, the Tambo river water resources and the water resources from the wells in the area will be used solely for farming and human consumption, as is currently being done.  
     
  We expect the project to generate 3,500 jobs during the construction phase. When in operation, Tia Maria will directly employ 600 workers and indirectly another 2,000. Through its expected twenty-year life, the projects related services will create significant business opportunities in the Arequipa region. Tia Maria has complied with all existing requirements and regulations and therefore the Company trusts that it will soon receive from government authorities the construction licenses and permits required in order to begin construction of this project.  
     
   Tailings disposal at Quebrada Honda  : This project increases the height of the existing Quebrada Honda dam to impound future tailings from the Toquepala and Cuajone mills and will extend the expected life of this tailings facility by 25 years. The first stage and construction of the drainage system for the lateral dam is finished. We are developing the engineering and procurement to improve and increase the dam s embankment with a new cyclone battery station that will allow us to place more slurry at the dams. The project has a total budgeted cost of $116.0 million. We have invested $60.6 million through September 30, 2016 and expect the project to be completed by the second quarter of 2018. 
     
    Potential projects    
     
  We have  a number of other projects that we may develop in the future. We evaluate new projects on the basis of our long-term corporate objectives, expected return on investment, environmental concerns, required investment and estimated production, among other considerations. All capital spending plans will continue to be reviewed and adjusted to respond to changes in the economy or market conditions. 
     
   El Arco:   This is a world class copper deposit located in the central part of the Baja California peninsula, with ore reserves over 1.5 billion tons with an ore grade of 0.416% and 0.14 grams of gold per ton. In 2010, we concluded the feasibility study and an investment of $56.4 million was approved for land acquisition required for the project. This project, when developed, is expected to produce 190,000 tons of copper and 105,000 ounces of gold annually. Through September 30, 2016 we have invested $41.3 million on studies, exploration and land acquisition for the project. In 2016, we are continuing to invest in land acquisition and exploration. In addition, we will begin an engineering study to determine the best way to optimize the investment in the project. 
     
   El Pilar  : This is a fully permitted, low capital intensity copper development project strategically located in Sonora, Mexico, approximately 45 kilometers from our Buenavista mine. Its copper oxide mineralization contains estimated proven and probable reserves of 259 million tons of ore with an average copper grade of 0.30%. El Pilar will operate as a conventional open-pit mine and copper cathodes will be produced using the highly cost efficient and environmentally friendly SX-EW technology. Average annual production is currently estimated at 35,000 tons of copper cathodes over an initial 13-year mine life, with start of commercial operations forecasted by 2018. On a preliminary basis, we estimate a development investment of approximately $300 million and an average life-of-mine cash-costs of approximately $1.60 per pound. In 2016, we commenced a confirmatory exploration program together with a detailed engineering analysis to obtain synergies with our existing operations. Recently, our BOD approved $4.9 million for the exploration program. 
     
   Angangueo  : With an estimated investment of $174.7 million, Angangueo will include a concentrator plant with an estimated average annual production of 20,900 tons of copper and 10,200 tons of zinc in the first seven years. Over the life of the mine, average annual concentrate production is expected to contain 2.4 million ounces of silver and 1,500 ounces of gold. Through September 30, 2016, we have invested $27.3 million on the project. The project is currently on hold awaiting approval of the environmental permits. 
     
   Los Chancas:   This property, located in the department of Apurimac in southern Peru, is a copper and molybdenum porphyry deposit. Current estimates indicate the presence of 545 million tons of mineralized material with a copper content of 0.59%, molybdenum content of 0.04% and 0.039 grams of gold per ton and 181 million tons of mineralized leachable material with a total copper content of 0.357%. In 2015, we developed some social and environmental improvements in the local communities and plan to initiate the environmental impact assessment in 2016. We are currently evaluating several professional entities to assist us with the preparation of the environmental impact assessment. We expect to complete this evaluation in the near term and begin preparation of the assessment. 
     
  The above information is based on estimates only. We cannot make any assurances that we will undertake any of these projects or that the information noted is accurate.  
     
 38   

Table of Contents   
     
  ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES  
     
  Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, as well as quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks, are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We make our best estimate of the ultimate outcome for these items based on historical trends and other information available when the financial statements are prepared. Changes in estimates are recognized in accordance with the accounting rules for the estimate, which is typically in the period when new information becomes available to management. Areas where the nature of the estimate makes it reasonably possible that actual results could materially differ from amounts estimated include: ore reserves, revenue recognition, ore stockpiles on leach pads and related amortization, estimated impairment of assets, asset retirement obligations, valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, unrecognized tax benefits and fair value of financial instruments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
     
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
     
  The following highlights our financial results for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):  

NET SALES:   
     
  Net sales for the third quarter 2016 increased by $267.1 million, compared with the third quarter of 2015. The 23.6% increase was principally the result of higher sales volume of copper (+30.5%) and silver (+21.5%) due to the increase in production from the Buenavista expansion, partially offset by lower copper prices.  
     
  Net sales in the nine months of 2016 increased by $189.5 million compared to the nine months of 2015.The 5.0% increase was also the result of higher sales volume of copper (+25.2%) and silver (+24.0%), partially offset by lower copper prices.  
     
  The table below outlines the average published market metal prices for our metals:  

(1)            Platt s Metals Week Dealer Oxide 
     
 39   

Table of Contents   
     
  The table below provides our metal sales as a percentage of our total net sales:  

The table below provides our copper sales by type of product (in million pounds):  

The table below provides our copper sales volume by type of product as a percentage of our total copper sales volume:  

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES   
     
  The table below summarizes the production cost structure by major components as a percentage of total production cost:  

40   

Table of Contents   
     
   Third quarter  : Operating costs and expenses were $1,038.3 million in the third quarter 2016, compared to $846.7 million in the third quarter of 2015. The increase of $191.6 million was primarily due to: 

Operating cost   and expenses for the third quarter 2015       

$       
 
  846.7       

Plus:       

Higher   cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) mainly   due to higher copper sales volume (+30.5%), higher power and other production   costs, higher cost of metals purchased from third parties, higher sales   expenses and capitalized leachable material, partially offset by lower   foreign currency transaction effect and lower fuel costs.      

160.6       

Higher   depreciation, amortization and depletion mainly as a result of our expansion   and maintenance capital investments.      

42.9       

Less:       

Lower   environmental remediation expense at Buenavista.      

(7.0       
 
  )           

Lower   exploration expenses at both our Peruvian and Mexican operations.      

(4.0       
 
  )           

Lower   selling, general and administrative expenses.      

(0.9       
 
  )           

Operating cost and   expenses for the third quarter 2016       

$       
 
  1,038.3       

Nine months  : Operating costs and expenses were $2,887.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2,564.3 million in the comparable period of 2015. The increase of $322.8 million was primarily due to: 

Operating cost and expenses for the nine months 2015       

$       
 
  2,564.3       

Plus:       

Higher   cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) mainly   due to higher copper sales volume (+25.2%), higher power and other production   costs, higher cost of metals purchased from third parties, higher sales   expenses and lower capitalized leachable material, partially offset by lower   inventory consumption and lower fuel costs.      

252.5       

Higher   depreciation, amortization and depletion mainly as a result of our expansion   and maintenance capital investments.      

100.5       

Less:       

Lower   environmental remediation expense at Buenavista.      

(23.5       
 
  )           

Lower   exploration expenses at both our Peruvian and Mexican operations.      

(5.8       
 
  )           

Lower   selling, general and administrative expenses.      

(0.9       
 
  )           

Operating cost   and expenses for the nine months 2016       

$       
 
  2,887.1       

NON-OPERATING INCOME (EXPENSES), NET:   
     
  Non-operating income and expense were an expense of $61.7 million and $199.2  million in the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to expense of $66.2 million and $145.8 million in the comparable periods of 2015.  
     
   Third quarter:   The $4.5 million decrease in non-operating expense was principally due to: 
                        $13.9 of higher other income which includes a tax reimbursement from the purchase of fuel of $12.3 million from the Mexican Tax Administration. 
                        $0.8 million of lower interest expense; partially offset by 
                        $9.1 million of lower capitalized interest, as completed Buenavista projects have been transferred to operations, and 
                        $1.1 million of lower interest income. 
     
   Nine months:   The $53.4 million increase in non-operating expense was principally due to: 
                        $26.8 million of higher interest expense related to the $2 billion bond issue, in April 2015. 
                        $48.7 million of lower capitalized interest, as significant capital projects in Buenavista were transferred to operations. 
                        $2.4 million of lower interest income, partially offset by 
                        $24.5 million of higher other income which includes a tax reimbursement from the purchase of fuel from the Mexican Tax Administration and other services. 
     
 41   

Table of Contents   
     
   INCOME TAXES   

These provisions include income taxes for Peru, Mexico and the United States. In addition, a Mexican royalty tax, a portion of the Peruvian royalty tax and the Peruvian special mining tax are included in the income tax provision. For further information please see Note 5    Income Taxes  of our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
   SEGMENT RESULT ANALYSIS   
     
  We have three segments: the Peruvian operations, the Mexican open-pit operations and the Mexican underground mining operations.  
     
  The table below presents information regarding the volume of our copper sales by segment (in million pounds):  

The table below presents information regarding the sales volume by segment of our significant by-products  (in million pounds except silver   in million ounces): 

Sales value per segment ($ in millions):  

42   

Table of Contents   

The geographic breakdown of our sales is as follows ($ in millions):  

43   

Table of Contents   
     
   Peruvian Operations:   
     
  The following table sets forth net sales, operating cost and expenses and operating income for our Peruvian operations segment($ in millions):  

Third quarter  : Net sales were $440.8 million, compared to $467.6 million in the third quarter of 2015.The decrease of $26.8 million was primarily the result of lower silver and molybdenum sales volume and lower copper prices, partially offset by higher molybdenum and silver prices. 
     
  Operating costs and expenses in 2016 increased by $30.6 million to $406.9 million from $376.3 million in the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to:  

Operating cost   and expenses for the third quarter 2015        

$       
 
  376.3       

Plus:       

Higher costs of   metals purchased from third parties, included in cost of sales.      

22.7       

Higher cost of   sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) mainly due to   higher production costs such as operating and repair materials and   contractors services; partially offset by lower inventory consumption and   lower fuel and power costs.      

14.0       

Less:       

Lower exploration expenses.      

(0.1       
 
  )           

Lower depreciation,   amortization and depletion.      

(6.0       
 
  )           

Operating cost   and expenses for the third quarter 2016       

$       
 
  406.9       

Nine months  : Net sales were $1,310.8 million, compared to $1,550.2 million in the nine months of 2015.The decrease of $239.4 million was due to lower silver and molybdenum sales volume and lower copper prices, partially offset by higher silver prices. 
     
  Operating costs and expenses increased by $2.7 million to $1,158.6 million from $1,155.9 million in the nine months of 2015, primarily due to:  

Operating cost   and expenses for the nine months 2015       

$       
 
  1,155.9       

Plus:       

Higher costs of   metals purchased from third parties, included in cost of sales.      

30.1       

Higher exploration   expenses.      

1.2       

Less:       

Lower cost of sales   (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) mainly due to lower   workers participation and capitalized leachable material; partially offset by   higher foreign currency transaction effect and inventory consumption.      

(19.8       
 
  )           

Lower depreciation,   amortization and depletion.      

(8.1       
 
  )           

Lower selling,   general and administrative expenses.      

(0.7       
 
  )           

Operating cost   and expenses for the nine months 2016       

$       
 
  1,158.6       

Mexican Open-pit Operations:   
     
  The following table sets forth net sales, operating cost and expenses and operating income for our Mexican open-pit operations segment ($ in millions):  

Third quarter  : Net sales were $865.0 million, compared to $597.6 million in the third quarter of 2015. The increase of $267.4 million was due to higher copper, molybdenum and silver sales volume, as a result of the completion of the Buenavista projects;  
     
 44   

Table of Contents   
     
  partially offset by lower copper prices. Sales volume of copper increased by 119.0 million pounds (+56.2%), silver by 0.9 million ounces (+50.0%) and molybdenum by 1.0 million pounds (+18.3%).  
     
  Operating costs and expenses increased by $148.9 million to $570.9 million from $422.0 million in the comparable 2015 period, primarily due to:  

Operating cost and expenses for the third quarter 2015       

$       
 
  422.0       

Plus:       

Higher   cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) mainly   due to higher copper sales volume from our new Buenavista concentrator   production, higher capitalized leachable material and higher costs of metals   purchased from third parties; partially offset by lower foreign currency   transaction effect and lower inventory consumption.      

129.1       

Higher   depreciation, amortization and depletion mainly due to our expansion and   maintenance capital investments.      

31.8       

Less:       

Environmental   remediation due to spill at Buenavista.      

(7.0       
 
  )           

Lower exploration   expenses.      

(0.9       
 
  )           

Lower selling,   general and administrative expenses.      

(4.1       
 
  )           

Operating cost   and expenses for the third quarter 2016       

$       
 
  570.9       

Nine months  : Net sales were $2,422.5 million, compared to $1,995.3 million in the nine months of 2015. The increase of $427.2 million was due to higher copper, molybdenum and silver sales volume, as a result of the completion of the Buenavista projects; partially offset by lower copper prices. Sales volume of copper increased by 293.8 million pounds (+46.2%), silver by 2.5 million ounces (+45.2%) and molybdenum by 1.7 million pounds (+10.1%). 
     
  Operating costs and expenses increased by $426.8 million to $1,598.8 million from $1,172.0 million in the comparable 2015 period, primarily due to:  

Operating cost   and expenses for the nine months 2015       

$       
 
  1,172.0       

Plus:       

Higher cost of   sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) mainly due to   higher copper sales volume from our new Buenavista concentrator production,   higher capitalized leachable material, higher costs of metals purchased from   third parties and sales expenses; partially offset by lower foreign currency   transaction effect and lower inventory consumption.      

359.0       

Higher   depreciation, amortization and depletion.      

89.8       

Higher selling,   general and administrative expenses.      

1.2       

Higher exploration   expenses.      

0.3       

Less:       

Environmental   remediation due to spill at Buenavista.      

(23.5       
 
  )           

Operating cost   and expenses for the nine months 2016       

$       
 
  1.598.8       

Mexican Underground Operations (IMMSA):   
     
  The following table sets forth net sales, operating cost and expenses and operating income for our IMMSA segment ($ in millions):  

Third quarter  : Net sales increased by $26.5 million to $113.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $87.4 million in the third quarter of 2015. The increase of 30.3% was primarily due to higher zinc and silver sales price and higher zinc, copper and silver sales volumes. This was partially offset by lower copper price. Zinc sales volume increased by 5.9 million pounds (+12.2%) and silver by 0.3 million pounds (+22.3%). 
     
  Operating costs and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 decreased by $0.8 million to $93.4 million from $94.2 million in the comparable 2015 period. This decrease was primarily due to:  
     
 45   

Table of Contents   

Operating cost   and expenses for the third quarter 2015       

$       
 
  94.2       

Less:       

Lower cost of sales   (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion), mainly due to lower   costs of metals purchased from third parties and foreign currency transaction   effect, partially offset by higher inventory consumption.      

(6.5       
 
  )           

Lower exploration   expenses.      

(1.7       
 
  )           

Plus:       

Higher selling,   general and administrative expenses.      

0.6       

Higher   depreciation, amortization and depletion.      

6.8       

Operating cost   and expenses for the third quarter 2016       

$       
 
  93.4       

Nine months  : Net sales were $301.0 million, compared to $299.2 million in the same period of 2015. This increase of $1.8 million in net sales was primarily due to higher copper, zinc and silver sales volume, partially offset by lower prices of copper and zinc. 
     
  Operating costs and expenses decreased by $20.3 million to $265.5 million from $285.8 million in the comparable 2015 period. This decrease was primarily due to:  

Operating cost   and expenses for the nine months 2015       

$       
 
  285.8       

Less:       

Lower cost of sales   (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion), mainly due to lower   costs of metals purchased from third parties and lower power costs, partially   offset by higher labor costs and workers participation.      

(32.0       
 
  )           

Lower exploration   expenses.      

(3.8       
 
  )           

Plus:       

Higher selling,   general and administrative expenses.      

0.5       

Higher   depreciation, amortization and depletion.      

15.0       

Operating cost   and expenses for the nine months 2016       

$       
 
  265.5       

Intersegment Eliminations and Adjustments:   
     
  The addition of the segments net sales, operating costs and expenses and operating income discussed above will not be directly equal to amounts in our condensed consolidated statement of earnings because the adjustments of intersegment operating revenues and expenses must be taken into account. Please see Note 11    Segments and related information  of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
     
    Cash Flow:    
     
  The following table shows the cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):  

46   

Table of Contents   
     
    Net cash provided by operating activities:    
     
  The change in net cash from operating activities for the nine months of 2016 and 2015 include ($ in millions):  

Significant items added to (deducted from) net income to arrive at operating cash flow in the nine months include depreciation, amortization and depletion, deferred tax amounts and changes in operating assets and liabilities.  
     
   Nine months ended September 30, 2016  : Net income was $606.5 million or 95.4% of the net operating cash flow. A net variance in operating assets and liabilities reduced operating cash flow by $321.4 million and included: 
                        $(115.0) million increase in accounts receivable. 
                        $(149.7) million increase in inventory, which included $(34.3) million of higher non-current leaching inventory and $(115.4) million of higher inventories and supplies for our operations. 
                        $53.6 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, which included $(0.5) million of lower accounts payable, $81.8 million higher income tax provision and $(27.7) million of workers  participation payments. 
                        $(110.3) million increase in other operating assets and liabilities, which mainly includes $(83.5) million of higher prepaid taxes, $(19.7) million of higher current payments in advance and $(7.1) million of other operating assets and liabilities. 
     
   Nine months ended September 30, 2015  : Net income was $679.1 million or 83.1% of the net operating cash flow. A net variance in operating assets and liabilities reduced operating cash flow by $155.8 million and included: 
                        $120.3 million decrease in accounts receivable. 
                        $(182.0) million increase in inventory, mainly due to $(187.2) million of higher non-current ore stockpiles on leach pads inventory, mainly at our Buenavista mine. 
                        $(99.6) million decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities mainly due to a $48.8 million of higher accounts payable, $(42.9) million lower income tax provision, and $(103.3) million of lower workers  participation liability, and $(2.2) million less of other liabilities. 
                        $5.5 million of other changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
     
    Net cash used in investing activities:    
     
   Nine months ended September 30, 2016  : Net cash used in investing activities included $840.5 million for capital investments that included: 
                        $386.2 million of investments at our Mexican operations: 
                        $60.1 million for the new Buenavista concentrator 
                        $29.3 million for new projects infrastructure, 
                        $43.6 million for the new tailing disposal deposit at the Buenavista mine, 
                        $75.6 million for the Quebalix IV project, 
                        $29.7 million for the solutions system improvements of Tinajas, 
                        $26.2 million at our IMMSA unit, and 
                        $121.7 million for various other replacement expenditures. 
     
                        $454.3 million of investments at our Peruvian operations: 
                        $90.2 million for the Toquepala mine equipment acquisition project, 
                        $84.6 million for the Toquepala concentrator expansion project, 
                        $32.9 million for the Heavy Mineral Management Optimizing Project in Cuajone, 
                        $12.6 million for the High Pressure Grinding Roll (HPGR) system in Toquepala, and 
                        $234.0 million for various other replacement expenditures. 
     
  The nine months ended September 30, 2016 investment activities include $502.7 million of net proceeds from sale of short-term investments and a repayment of $111.2 million received from a related party.  
     
 47   

Table of Contents   
     
   Nine months ended September 30, 2015  : Net cash used in investing activities included $846.0 million for capital investments that included: 
     
                        $634.3 million of investments at our Mexican operations: 
                        $137.1 million for the new Buenavista concentrator 
                        $6.9 million for the SX-EW III project, 
                        $70.3 million for new projects infrastructure, 
                        $30.8 million for the new tailing disposal deposit at the Buenavista mine, 
                        $77.8 million for the Quebalix IV project, 
                        $30.2 million for the tailings discharge line to deposit and reclaimed water system at the Buenavista mine, 
                        $29.4 million at our IMMSA unit, and 
                        $251.8 million for various other replacement expenditures. 
     
                        $211.7 million of investments at our Peruvian operations: 
                        $26.3 million for the Toquepala projects, 
                        $32.7 million for the In-Pit Crushing and Conveyor (IPCC) Project at Cuajone, 
                        $6.6 million for the Tia Maria project, 
                        $3.0 million for licenses and other related cost for the new business planning system, 
                        $9.7 million for the Cuajone projects, and 
                        $133.4 million for various other replacement expenditures. 
     
  The nine months ended September 30, 2015 investment activities include $543.6 million of net purchases of short-term investments and $100.4 million for the acquisition of El Pilar, a mining property in Mexico.  
     
    Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities:    
     
  Net cash used in financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $(172.0) million, compared to $803.7 million provided from financing activities in the same period of 2015. The nine months of 2016 included dividend distributions of $100.6 million, compared to distributions of $239.8 million in the same period of 2015. It also included a repurchase of 2.9 million of our common shares at a cost of $71.7 million, compared to a repurchase of 26.1 million of our common shares at a cost of $724.4 million in the same period of 2015.  
     
  The nine months ended September 30, 2015 also included $2.0 billion from the issuance of unsecured notes in April 2015 net of underwriting discount and debt cost issuance. In addition, the 2015 period included both the draw-down of a short-term loan of $66 million and the repayment of $200 million of ten year senior unsecured notes that were due July 2015.  
     
  Dividends:  
     
  On August 25, 2016, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share, totaling $38.7 million. On October 20, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share, expected to total $38.7 million, to be paid on November 29, 2016 to SCC shareholders of record at the close of business on November 9, 2016.  
     
  Capital Investments and Exploration Programs:  
     
  A discussion of our capital investment programs is an important part of understanding our liquidity and capital resources. We expect to meet the cash requirements for these capital investments from cash on hand, internally generated funds and from additional external financing if required. For information regarding our capital investment programs, please see the discussion under the caption  Capital Investment Programs  under this Item 2 and for our exploration activities, see Item 2  Properties  Explorations Activities  on our 2015 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     
  Contractual Obligations:  
     
  The following information updates our significant contractual obligations disclosed in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016:  
     
  In May 2016, the Company signed an additional power purchase agreement for a maximum of 80MW with Kallpa, under which Kallpa will supply energy for the Peruvian operations related to the Toquepala Expansion and other minor projects for ten years starting on May 1, 2017 and ending after ten years of commercial operation of the Toquepala Expansion or on April 30, 2029; whichever happens first.  
     
 48   

Table of Contents   
     
  As a result of this new agreement, our contractual obligations to purchase energy increases as follows: 2017 - $1.8 million, 2018 - $13.8 million, 2019 and thereafter   $368.8 million. Amounts are based on our long-term estimated power costs, which are subject to change as energy generation costs change and our forecasted power requirements through the life of the agreements change.  
     
  There have been no material changes in our contractual obligations in the three months ended September 30, 2016. Please see item 7 in Part II of our 2015 annual report on Form 10-K.  
     
  NON-GAAP INFORMATION RECONCILIATION  
     
   Operating cash cost:   Following is a reconciliation of  Operating Cash Cost  (see page 35) to cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation, amortization and depletion) as reported in our condensed consolidated statement of earnings, in million of dollars and  dollars per pound  in the table below. 

(1)                  By-product revenues included in our presentation of operating cash cost contain the following: 

49   

Table of Contents   
     
  IMPACT OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
     
  In addition to that disclosed during the second quarter, during the third quarter of 2016, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting update to the Codification which is applicable to our Company regarding the Statement of Cash Flows.  
     
   ASU 2016-15      Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  was issued on August 26, 2016. This update clarifies and reduces the current diversity in accounting practice of eight specific cases in the Statement of Cash Flows. Those specific cash flow issues that could affect the Company are: 
     
  1.                 Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, that should be classified as cash outflows in financing activities. 
  2.                 Contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; where cash payments not made soon after the acquisition date of a business combination by an acquirer to settle a contingent consideration liability should be separated and classified as cash outflows for financing activities and operating activities. Cash payments up to the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date (including measurement-period adjustments) should be classified as financing activities; any excess should be classified as operating activities. Cash payments made soon after the acquisition date of a business combination by an acquirer to settle a contingent consideration liability should be classified as cash outflows for investing activities. 
  3.                 Distributions received from equity method investees; where the Company should make an election of accounting policy to classify those distributions received. 
     
  The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The application of this update is retroactive. We do not expect this guidance to have material impact on our financial statements. We have reviewed all other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements and have determined that these new accounting pronouncements are either not applicable or would not have a material impact on our results of operations or changes in the financial position.  
     
 50   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk     
     
   Commodity price risk:   
     
  For additional information on metal price sensitivity, refer to  Metal Prices  in Part I, Item 2 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016.  
     
   Foreign currency exchange risk:   
     
  Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Portions of our operating costs are denominated in Peruvian soles and Mexican pesos. Since our revenues are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, when inflation or deflation in our Peruvian or Mexican operations is not offset by a change in the exchange rate of the Peruvian sol or the Mexican peso to the dollar, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be affected by local cost conversion when expressed in U.S. dollars. In addition, the dollar value of our net monetary assets denominated in soles or pesos can be affected by exchange rate variances of the sol or the peso, resulting in a re-measurement gain or loss in our financial statements. Recent inflation and exchange rate variances are provided in the table below for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Change in monetary position:   
     
  Assuming an exchange rate variance of 10% at September 30, 2016 we estimate our net monetary position in Peruvian sol and Mexican peso would increase (decrease) our net earnings as follows ($ in millions):  

Open sales risk:   
     
  Our provisional copper and molybdenum sales contain an embedded derivative that is required to be separate from the host contract for accounting purposes. The host contract is the receivable from the sale of copper and molybdenum concentrates at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale. The embedded derivative, which does not qualify for hedge accounting, is marked to market through earnings each period prior to settlement. See Note 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information about these provisional sales.  
     
   Short-term Investment:   
     
  For additional information on our trading securities and available-for-sale investments, refer to  Short-term Investments  in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016.  
     
 51   

Table of Contents   
     
   Cautionary Statement  : 
     
  Forward-looking statements in this report and in other Company statements include statements regarding expected commencement dates of mining or metal production operations, projected quantities of future metal production, anticipated production rates, operating efficiencies, costs and expenditures as well as projected demand or supply for the Company s products. Actual results could differ materially depending upon factors including the risks and uncertainties relating to general U.S. and international economic and political conditions, the cyclical and volatile prices of copper, other commodities and supplies, including fuel and electricity, availability of materials, insurance coverage, equipment, required permits or approvals and financing, the occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions, lower than expected ore grades, water and geological problems, the failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications, failure to obtain financial assurance to meet closure and remediation obligations, labor relations, litigation and environmental risks as well as political and economic risk associated with foreign operations. Results of operations are directly affected by metal prices on commodity exchanges that can be volatile.  
     
 52   

Table of Contents   
     
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures    
     
  EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s disclosure committee and the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness and the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2016, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is:  
     
  1.                 Recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and 
     
  2.                 Accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
     
  CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING  
     
  The Company initiated a restructuring plan related to certain functions of the entity including consolidation of certain financial processes. This initiative considers different phases, focusing on decisions about an appropriate administrative workforce size, skill requirements, changes in management structure (including staff location and relocation), impact analysis, assessments and adjustments of policies and procedures to preserve the segregation of duties and the integrity of the internal control structure.  As part of the plan, the Company initiated a consolidation of certain financial processes from SCC Mexican and Peruvian operations into a shared-services center. The overall goal is to improve the sustainable earnings potential, asset utilization and operational performance through standardization of processes and synergies.  
     
 53   

Table of Contents   
     
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    
     
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Southern Copper Corporation:  
     
  We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of Southern Copper Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016, and the related condensed consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income and cash flows for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These interim financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.  
     
  We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the condensed consolidated interim financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.  
     
  Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying condensed consolidated interim financial statements for them to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
     
  We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of Southern Copper Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated February 26, 2016, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.  
     
  Galaz, Yamazaki, Ruiz Urquiza S.C.  
  Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited  
     
  C.P.C. Miguel Angel Andrade Leven  
  Mexico City, Mexico  
  November 7, 2016  
     
 54   

Table of Contents   
     
  PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    
     
   Item 1. Legal Proceedings     
     
  The information provided in Note 10  Commitments and Contingencies  to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I of this Form 10-Q, is incorporated herein by reference.  
     
   Item 1A. Risk Factors     
     
  There have been no material changes to our risk factors during the first nine months ended September 30, 2016. For additional information on risk factors, refer to  Risk Factors  included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016.  
     
   Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     
     
   SCC share repurchase program:   
     
  In 2008, the Company s Board of Directors ( BOD ) authorized a $500 million share repurchase program that has since been increased by the BOD and is currently authorized to $3 billion. Pursuant to this program, the Company purchased common stock as shown in the table below. These shares are available for general corporate purposes. The Company may purchase additional shares of its common stock from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors. This repurchase program has no expiration date and may be modified or discontinued at any time.  

(*) NYSE closing price of SCC common shares at September 30, 2016.  
     
  As a result of the repurchase of shares of SCC s common stock, Grupo Mexico s direct and indirect ownership was 88.9% as of September 30, 2016.  
     
   Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures     
     
  Not applicable.  
     
 55   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 6. Exhibits     

56   

Table of Contents   

Fargo Bank, National   Association, as trustee, pursuant to which the 5.875% Notes due 2045 were   issued.           

4.17       

Form of 3.875%   Notes due 2025.           

4.18       

Form of 5.875%   Notes due 2045.           

10.1       

Form of Directors    Stock Award Plan of the Company, as amended (Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the   Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on   Form S-8 (Registration Statement No. 333-150982) filed on   May 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).           

10.2       

Service Agreement   entered into by the Company with a subsidiary of Grupo Mexico S.A.B. de C.   V., assigned upon the same terms and conditions to Grupo Mexico S.A.B. de   C.V. in February 2004 (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s 2002   Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference).           

10.3       

Agreement and Plan of   Merger, dated as of October 21, 2004, by and among Southern Copper   Corporation, SCC Merger Sub., Inc., Americas Sales Company, Inc.,   Americas Mining Corporation and Minera Mexico S.A. de C.V., (Filed as an   Exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22,   2004 and incorporated herein by reference).           

14.0       

Code of Business   Conduct and Ethics adopted by the Board of Directors on May 8, 2003 and   amended on April 23, 2015. (Filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company s   Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2015 and incorporated   herein by reference).           

15.0       

Consent of Registered   Public Accounting Firm (Galaz, Yamazaki, Ruiz Urquiza, S.C. - Member of   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Limited) (filed herewith).           

31.1       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).           

31.2       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).           

32.1       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C.,   Section 1350. This document is being furnished in accordance with SEC   Release No. 33-8238.           

32.2       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C.,   Section 1350. This document is being furnished in accordance with SEC   Release No. 33-8238.           

101.INS       

XBRL Instance Document   (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.SCH       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Schema Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.CAL       

XBRL Taxonomy   Calculation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.DEF       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Definition Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.LAB       

XBRL Taxonomy Label   Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.PRE       

XBRL Taxonomy   Presentation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).              
     
  Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (v) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements tagged in detail.  Users of this data are advised pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T that this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  
     
 57   

Table of Contents   
     
  PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
     
  SIGNATURES    
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

SOUTHERN COPPER CORPORATION         (Registrant)          

/s/ Oscar Gonzalez Rocha           

Oscar Gonzalez Rocha           

President and Chief Executive Officer           

November 7, 2016       

/s/ Raul Jacob           

Raul Jacob           

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer           

November 7, 2016       

58   

Table of Contents   
     
   SOUTHERN COPPER CORPORATION   
   List of Exhibits     

59   

Table of Contents   

4.13       

Form of 3.500%   Notes due 2022. (Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on   Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2012 and incorporated herein by   reference).           

4.14       

Form of 5.250%   Notes due 2042. (Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on   Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2012 and incorporated herein by   reference).           

4.15       

Fifth Supplemental   Indenture dated as of April 23, 2015, between Southern Copper Corporation   and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which the   3.875% Notes due 2025 were issued. (Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s   Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2015 and incorporated   herein by reference).           

4.16       

Sixth Supplemental   Indenture, dated as of April 23, 2015, between Southern Copper   Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, pursuant   to which the 5.875% Notes due 2045 were issued. (Filed as an Exhibit to   the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2015   and incorporated herein by reference).           

4.17       

Form of 3.875%   Notes due 2025. (Filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s   Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2015 and incorporated   herein by reference).           

4.18       

Form of 5.875%   Notes due 2045. (Filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s   Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2015 and incorporated   herein by reference).           

10.1       

Form of Directors    Stock Award Plan of the Company, as amended (Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the   Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on   Form S-8 (Registration Statement No. 333-150982) filed on   May 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).           

10.2       

Service Agreement   entered into by the Company with a subsidiary of Grupo Mexico S.A.B. de C.   V., assigned upon the same terms and conditions to Grupo Mexico S.A.B. de   C.V. in February 2004 (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s 2002   Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference).           

10.3       

Agreement and Plan of   Merger, dated as of October 21, 2004, by and among Southern Copper   Corporation, SCC Merger Sub., Inc., Americas Sales Company, Inc.,   Americas Mining Corporation and Minera Mexico S.A. de C.V., (Filed as an   Exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22,   2004 and incorporated herein by reference).           

14.0       

Code of Business   Conduct and Ethics adopted by the Board of Directors on May 8, 2003 and   amended on April 23, 2015. (Filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company s   Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2015 and incorporated   herein by reference).           

15.0       

Consent of Registered   Public Accounting Firm (Galaz, Yamazaki, Ruiz Urquiza, S.C. - Member of   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Limited) (filed herewith).           

31.1       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).           

31.2       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).           

32.1       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C.,   Section 1350. This document is being furnished in accordance with SEC   Release No. 33-8238.           

32.2       

Certification Pursuant   to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C., Section 1350.   This document is being furnished in accordance with SEC Release   No. 33-8238.           

101.INS       

XBRL Instance Document   (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.SCH       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Schema Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.CAL       

XBRL Taxonomy   Calculation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.DEF       

XBRL Taxonomy Extension   Definition Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.LAB       

XBRL Taxonomy Label   Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).           

101.PRE       

XBRL Taxonomy   Presentation Linkbase Document (submitted electronically with this report).              
     
   Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30,    2016 and 2015; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (v)  
     
 60   

Table of Contents   
     
  the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements tagged in detail.  Users of this data are advised pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T that this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  
     
 61   

<EX-15>
 2
 a16-17217_1ex15.htm
 EX-15

Exhibit 15   
     
  November 7, 2016  
     
  Southern Copper Corporation  
  1440 East Missouri Avenue, Suite 160  
  Phoenix, AZ 85014  
     
  We have reviewed, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of Southern Copper Corporation and subsidiaries for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and have issued our report dated November 7, 2016. As indicated in such report because we did not perform an audit, we expressed no opinion on that information.  
     
  We are aware that our report referred to above, which is included in your Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, is incorporated by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-150982 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-203237 on Form S-3.  
     
  We also are aware that the aforementioned report, pursuant to Rule 436(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, is not considered a part of the Registration Statement prepared or certified by an accountant or a report prepared or certified by an accountant within the meaning of Sections 7 and 11 of that Act.  
     
  Galaz, Yamazaki, Ruiz Urquiza, S.C.  
  Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited  
     
  C.P.C. Miguel Angel Andrade Leven  
  Mexico City, Mexico  

</EX-15>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a16-17217_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1   
     
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
     
  I, Oscar Gonzalez Rocha, certify that:  
     
  1.                 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Southern Copper Corporation; 
     
  2.                 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
     
  4.                 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     
  a.                 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  b.                 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
     
  c.                  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  d.                 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  a.                 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  b.                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     
  November 7, 2016  

/s/ Oscar Gonzalez Rocha           

Oscar Gonzalez Rocha           

President and Chief Executive Officer              

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a16-17217_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2   
     
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
     
  I, Raul Jacob, certify that:  
     
  1.                 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Southern Copper Corporation; 
     
  2.                 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
     
  4.                 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     
  a.                 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  b.                 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
     
  c.                  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  d.                 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  a.                 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  b.                 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     
  November 7, 2016  

/s/ Raul Jacob           

Raul Jacob           

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer              

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a16-17217_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1   
     
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Southern Copper Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Oscar Gonzalez Rocha, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
     
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Oscar Gonzalez Rocha           

Oscar Gonzalez Rocha           

President and Chief Executive Officer           

November 7, 2016  
     
  A signed original of this written statement required by section 906 has been provided to Southern Copper Corporation and will be retained by Southern Copper Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a16-17217_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2   
     
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Southern Copper Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Raul Jacob, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
     
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Raul Jacob           

Raul Jacob           

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer           

November 7, 2016  
     
  A signed original of this written statement required by section 906 has been provided to Southern Copper Corporation and will be retained by Southern Copper Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 scco-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 scco-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 scco-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 scco-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 scco-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 scco-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

