<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161021_10-Q_edgar_data_773840_0000930413-16-008530_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6665998</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91848</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>362416</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1882969</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3167857</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1050908</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>83</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930413-16-008530.hdr.sgml : 20161021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161021115359
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-16-008530
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000773840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				222640650
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08974
		FILM NUMBER:		161945744

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 TABOR ROAD
		CITY:			MORRIS PLAINS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07950
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9734552000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 TABOR ROAD
		CITY:			MORRIS PLAINS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07950

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLIEDSIGNAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930413-16-008530.txt : 20161021

10-Q
 1
 c86383_10q.htm

United States 

 Securities and Exchange Commission 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q  

x  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016  

OR 

o  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to
_____ 

Commission file number  1-8974  

Honeywell International Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware  
       
      22-2640650  

(State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)  

115 Tabor Road  
 Morris Plains, New Jersey  
       
      07950  

(Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)  

(973) 455-2000  

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Not Applicable  

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,  
 if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x   No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x   No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See definitions of  accelerated
filer,   large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

 Large accelerated filer  x   Accelerated filer  o   Non-Accelerated filer  o   Smaller reporting company  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the
Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes  o   No  x  

There were 762,124,709 shares of Common Stock outstanding at
September 30, 2016. 

Honeywell International Inc. 
 Index   

Part I.    
         
         Financial Information     
        Page
    No.     

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements:   

Consolidated
    Statement of Operations (unaudited)   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      3   

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated Balance Sheet (unaudited)   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      5   

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited)   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      7   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      25   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks   
      34   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      35   

Part II.    
         
         Other Information     

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      36   

Item 2.   
       Changes in Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      36   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
      36   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      36   

Signatures   
         
      37   

Cautionary Statement about Forward-Looking
Statements  

This report contains  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are those
that address activities, events or developments that we or our management intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will
or may occur in the future. They are based on management s assumptions and assessments in the light of past experience and trends,
current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments and other relevant factors. They are not guarantees of future
performance, and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those envisaged by our forward-looking statements.
Our forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our performance in both the near-
and long-term. These forward-looking statements should be considered in the light of the information included in this report and
our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, the Risk Factors, as well as the
description of trends and other factors in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
set forth in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The financial statements
and related footnotes as of September 30, 2016 should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2015 contained in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Honeywell International Inc.  

    Consolidated Statement of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The Notes to Financial Statements are an
integral part of this statement. 

Honeywell International Inc.  

    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income  

  (Unaudited)  

The Notes to Financial
Statements are an integral part of this statement. 

Honeywell International Inc.  

    Consolidated Balance Sheet  

  (Unaudited)  

The Notes to Financial Statements are an
integral part of this statement. 

Honeywell International Inc.  

    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The Notes to Financial Statements are an
integral part of this statement. 

Honeywell International Inc.  

    Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

Note 1. Basis of Presentation  

In the opinion of management,
the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary to present fairly the financial position of Honeywell International Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (Honeywell
or the Company) at September 30, 2016, the results of operations for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
and the cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 should not necessarily be taken as indicative of the results of operations expected for the entire year. 

We report our quarterly financial
information using a calendar convention; the first, second and third quarters are consistently reported as ending on March 31,
June 30 and September 30. It has been our practice to establish actual quarterly closing dates using a predetermined fiscal calendar,
which requires our businesses to close their books on a Saturday in order to minimize the potentially disruptive effects of quarterly
closing on our business processes. The effects of this practice are generally not significant to reported results for any quarter
and only exist within a reporting year. In the event that differences in actual closing dates are material to year-over-year comparisons
of quarterly or year-to-date results, we will provide appropriate disclosures. Our actual closing dates for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015. 

Note 2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Accounting pronouncements
not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated
financial position or results of operations. 

In May 2014, and in subsequent
related updates and amendments, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance on revenue from contracts with
customers that will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The underlying principle
is that an entity will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity
expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to
determine when and how revenue is recognized. Other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration
of the time value of money in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies
are resolved in certain circumstances. The guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity s contracts with customers. The effective date was deferred
for one year to the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted as of the original
effective date   interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. The guidance permits the use of either
a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We have not yet selected a transition method and are currently evaluating
the impact of the amended guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued guidance on accounting for leases which requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets for the rights
and obligations created by those leases. The guidance requires enhanced disclosures regarding the amount, timing, and uncertainty
of cash flows arising from leases and will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early
adoption is permitted. The guidance requires the use of a modified retrospective approach. We are evaluating the impact of the
guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued amended guidance related to employee share-based payment accounting.  The guidance requires all income tax effects
of awards to be recognized in the income statement, which were previously presented as a component of Shareowners  Equity,
on a prospective basis.  The guidance also requires presentation of excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement
of cash flows rather than as a financing activity.  We have elected to early adopt the standard in the quarter ended September
30, 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

2016, which requires adoption effective as of the beginning of the fiscal year.  The primary impact of adoption was the
recognition of excess tax benefits as a reduction in the provision for income taxes and related diluted earnings per share impacts
of $30 million ($0.03 diluted earnings per share) for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, $38 million ($0.04 diluted earnings per
share) for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and $57 million ($0.07 diluted earnings per share) for the quarter ended September 30,
2016. These excess tax benefits previously reported in financing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows are now
reported as operating activities. Cash paid by the Company when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes are classified
as a financing activity on a retrospective basis. 

The guidance allows for an
accounting policy election to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur.
We elected to maintain the current forfeitures policy and will continue to include an estimate of those forfeitures when recognizing
stock compensation expense. Classification of the excess tax benefits in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows are presented
on a prospective basis starting January 1, 2016. 

In August 2016, the FASB
issued new guidance intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and payments are classified in the statement
of cash flows, including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, the settlement of contingent liabilities arising from a business
combination, proceeds from insurance settlements, and distributions from certain equity method investees. The guidance is effective
for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The guidance requires application
using a retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures  

During the quarter and nine
months we acquired businesses for an aggregate cost (net of cash acquired and debt assumed) of $1,483 million and $2,532 million. 

On August 29, 2016, the Company
acquired Intelligrated, a leading provider of supply chain and warehouse automation technologies, for an aggregate value, net of
cash acquired, of approximately $1,483 million. Intelligrated is part of Safety and Productivity Solutions. The preliminary determination
of the assets and liabilities acquired with Intelligrated have been included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September
30, 2016, including $1,124 million allocated to goodwill, which is non-deductible for tax purposes. 

In December 2015, the Company
acquired the Elster Division of Melrose Industries plc (Elster) for an aggregate value, net of cash acquired, of approximately
$4,899 million. Elster is part of Home and Building Technologies and Performance Materials and Technologies. The following table
summarizes the updated fair value estimates of the Elster assets and liabilities acquired as of the acquisition date: 

The purchase accounting for
Elster and Intelligrated is subject to final adjustment, primarily for the valuation of intangible assets, amounts allocated to
goodwill, tax balances and certain pre-acquisition contingencies. 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

On October 1, 2016 the Company
completed the tax-free spin-off of its Resins and Chemicals business, part of Performance Materials and Technologies, into a standalone,
publicly-traded company (named AdvanSix) to Honeywell shareowners. Since the effective date of the spin-off falls within the fiscal
third quarter, the assets and liabilities associated with AdvanSix have been removed from the Company s third quarter Consolidated
Balance Sheet. The results of operations for AdvanSix are included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations through the effective
date of the spin-off. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation of Notes to Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s
actual quarterly closing date convention. 

Honeywell shareowners of
record as of the close of business on September 16, 2016 received one share of AdvanSix common stock for every 25 shares of Honeywell
common stock. Immediately prior to the effective date of the spin-off, AdvanSix incurred debt to make a cash distribution of $269
million to the Company. At the same time, AdvanSix also incurred $38 million of borrowings in order to fund its post spin-off working
capital. 

The Company entered into
certain agreements with AdvanSix to effect our legal and structural separation including a transition services agreement with AdvanSix
to provide certain administrative and other services for a limited time. 

On September 16, 2016 the
Company completed the sale of Honeywell Technology Solutions Inc. for a sale price of $300 million. The Company recognized a pre-tax
gain of $176 million. The Honeywell Technology Solutions business was part of Aerospace. 

Note 4. Repositioning and Other Charges  

A summary of repositioning and other charges follows: 

The following table summarizes the pretax distribution
of total net repositioning and other charges by income statement classification: 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

The following table summarizes the pretax impact
of total net repositioning and other charges by segment: 

In the quarter ended September
30, 2016, we recognized a repositioning charge totaling $202 million including severance costs of $155 million related to workforce
reductions of 3,017 manufacturing and administrative positions across our segments. The workforce reductions were primarily related
to the separation of the former Automation and Control Solutions reporting segment into two new reporting segments (Home and Building
Technologies and Safety and Productivity Solutions); factory transitions in Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Safety and
Productivity Solutions and Performance Materials and Technologies to more cost-effective locations; and cost savings actions taken
in connection with our productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives. The repositioning charge included exit costs
of $36 million principally for expenses related to the spin-off of our AdvanSix business and closure obligations associated with
factory transitions. Also, $31 million of previously established accruals for severance were returned to income as a result of
higher attrition than anticipated in prior severance programs resulting in lower required severance payments, and changes in the
scope of previously announced repositioning actions. 

In the quarter ended September
30, 2015, we recognized a repositioning charge totaling $65 million primarily for severance costs related to workforce reductions
of 902 manufacturing and administrative positions across our segments. The workforce reductions were primarily related to cost
savings actions taken in connection with our productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives. Also, $31 million
of previously established accruals for severance were returned to income as a result of higher attrition than anticipated in prior
severance programs resulting in lower required severance payments, and changes in the scope of previously announced repositioning
actions. 

In the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we recognized a repositioning charge totaling $336 million including severance costs of $253 million related
to workforce reductions of 5,888 manufacturing and administrative positions across our segments. The workforce reductions were
primarily related to cost savings actions taken in connection with our productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives;
the separation of the former Automation and Control Solutions reporting segment into two new reporting segments; factory transitions
in Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Safety and Productivity Solutions and Performance Materials and Technologies to more
cost-effective locations; and achieving acquisition-related synergies. The repositioning charge included asset impairments of $42
million principally related to the write-off of certain intangible assets in connection with the sale of a Performance Materials
and Technologies business. The repositioning charge included exit costs of $41 million principally for expenses related to the
spin-off of our AdvanSix business and closure obligations associated with factory transitions. Also, $92 million of previously
established accruals, primarily for severance, were returned to income as a result of higher attrition than anticipated in prior
severance programs resulting in lower required severance payments, lower than expected severance costs in certain repositioning
actions, and changes in the scope of previously announced repositioning actions. 

In the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, we recognized a repositioning charge totaling $150 million primarily for severance costs related to workforce
reductions of 4,882 manufacturing and administrative positions across our segments. The workforce reductions were primarily related
to cost savings actions taken in connection with our productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives and outsourcing
of certain component manufacturing in Home and Building Technologies. Also, $43 million of previously established 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

accruals, primarily for severance, were returned
to income as a result of higher attrition than anticipated in prior severance programs resulting in lower required severance payments,
and changes in the scope of previously announced repositioning actions. 

The following table summarizes the status of our
total repositioning reserves: 

Certain
repositioning projects in 2016 and 2015 included exit or disposal activities, the costs related to which will be recognized in
future periods when the actual liability is incurred. Such exit and disposal costs are not expected to be significant.  

Note 5. Earnings Per Share  

The diluted earnings per
share calculations exclude the effect of stock options when the options  assumed proceeds exceed the average market price
of the common shares during the period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the weighted average number of
stock options excluded from the computations were 5.5 million and 6.9 million. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, the weighted average number of stock options excluded from the computations were 7.0 million and 7.3 million. These stock
options were outstanding at the end of each period. 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

Note 6. Accounts, Notes and Other Receivables  

Trade receivables include
$1,642 and $1,590 million of unbilled balances under long-term contracts as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. These
amounts are billed in accordance with the terms of customer contracts to which they relate. 

Note 7. Inventories  

Note 8. Property, Plant and Equipment - Net   

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

Note 9. Goodwill   

The change in the carrying
amount of goodwill for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 by segment is as follows: 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

Note 10. Long-term Debt and Credit Agreements  

In February 2016, the Company
issued  1,000 million Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2018,  1,000 million 0.65% Senior Notes due 2020,  1,250
million 1.30% Senior Notes due 2023 and  750 million 2.25% Senior Notes due 2028 (collectively, the  Euro Notes ).
The Euro Notes are senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Honeywell and rank equally with all of Honeywell s
existing and future senior unsecured debt and senior to all of Honeywell s subordinated debt. The offering resulted in gross
proceeds of $4,438 million, offset by $17 million in discount and closing costs related to the offering. 

On April 29, 2016, the Company
entered into Amendment No. 2 (Amendment) to the Amended and Restated $4 billion Credit Agreement dated as of July 10, 2015, as
amended by the certain Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 30, 2015 (as so amended, the  Credit Agreement ), with
a syndicate of banks. The Credit Agreement is maintained for general corporate purposes. Commitments under the Credit Agreement
can be increased pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement to an aggregate amount not to exceed $4.5 billion. The Amendment,
among other things, extends the Credit Agreement s termination date from July 10, 2020 to July 10, 2021. 

On April 29, 2016, the Company
entered into a $1.5 billion 364-Day Credit Agreement (364-Day Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks. The 364-Day Credit Agreement
is maintained for general corporate purposes. 

On April 29, 2016, the Company
terminated all commitments under the $3 billion credit agreement dated as of September 30, 2015, among the Company, the lenders
party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 

A full description of the
Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement can be found in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 29,
2016. 

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

On August 5, 2016, the
Company entered into a $1.5 billion 364-Day Credit Agreement (Second 364-Day Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks. The Second
364-Day Credit Agreement is maintained for general corporate purposes. 

A full description of
the Second 364-day Credit Agreement can be found in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 5, 2016. 

There have been no borrowings
under any of the credit agreements previously described. 

Note 11. Financial Instruments and Fair
Value Measures  

Our credit, market, foreign
currency and interest rate risk management policies are described in Note 14, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measures, of
Notes to Financial Statements in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The following table sets
forth the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The foreign currency
exchange contracts and interest rate swap agreements are valued using broker quotations or market transactions in either the listed
or over-the-counter markets. These derivative instruments are classified within level 2. The Company holds investments in certificates
of deposits, time deposits and commercial paper that are designated as available for sale and are valued using published prices
based on observable market data. These investments are classified within level 2. The Company also holds available for sale investments
in U.S. government and corporate debt securities valued utilizing published prices based on quoted market pricing, which are classified
within level 1. 

The carrying value of
cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts and notes receivables, payables, commercial paper and short-term borrowings contained
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet approximates fair value. The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets
and liabilities that were not carried at fair value: 

The Company
determined the fair value of the long-term receivables by discounting based upon the terms of the receivable and counterparty details
including credit quality. The fair value of these receivables is considered level 2. The Company determined the fair value of the
long-term debt and related current maturities utilizing transactions in the listed markets for identical or similar liabilities.
The fair value of the long-term debt and related current maturities is also considered level 2. 

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

Interest rate
swap agreements are designated as hedge relationships with gains or losses on the derivative recognized in Interest and other financial
charges offsetting the gains and losses on the underlying debt being hedged. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, we recognized $14 million of losses and $23 million of gains in earnings on interest rate swap agreements. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $24 million and $11 million of gains in earnings on interest rate swap
agreements. Gains and losses are fully offset by losses and gains on the underlying debt being hedged. 

We also economically
hedge our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates principally with forward contracts. These contracts are marked-to-market
with the resulting gains and losses recognized in earnings offsetting the gains and losses on the non-functional currency denominated
monetary assets and liabilities being hedged. We recognized $24 million and $114 million of income in Other (Income) Expense for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. We recognized $72 million of income and $66 million of expense in Other (Income)
Expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Note 12. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (Loss)  

Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income by Component  

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

Note 13. Segment Financial Data  

We globally
manage our business operations through four reportable operating segments. Segment information is consistent with how management
reviews the businesses, makes investing and resource allocation decisions and assesses operating performance. 

Honeywell s
senior management evaluates segment performance based on segment profit. Segment profit is measured as business unit income (loss)
before taxes excluding general corporate unallocated expense, other income (expense), interest and other financial charges, pension
and other postretirement income (expense), stock compensation expense, repositioning and other charges. 

In July 2016, the Company
announced that it is  realigning the business units comprising its Automation and Control
Solutions reporting segment by forming two new reportable operating segments: Home and Building Technologies and Safety and Productivity
Solutions.  Home and Building Technologies includes Environmental   Energy Solutions, Security and Fire, and Building
Solutions and Distribution. Additionally, the Industrial Combustion/Thermal business, previously part of Environmental   Energy
Solutions in Automation and Control Solutions, became part of Performance Materials and Technologies.  Safety
and Productivity Solutions  includes Sensing   Productivity Solutions and Industrial Safety, as well as the Intelligrated
business.  Under the realigned segment reporting structure, the Company has four reportable
operating segments: Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Performance Materials and Technologies and Safety and Productivity
Solutions. Effective with the quarter ended September 30, 2016 t he Company has reported its financial performance based
on this realignment. 

These realignments have
no impact on the Company s historical consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Prior period
amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period segment presentation. 

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

(a)  
      Equity income (loss) of affiliated companies is included in segment profit.   
 
      (b)  
      Amounts included in cost of products and services sold and selling, general and administrative expenses.   

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

Note 14. Pension Benefits  

Net periodic pension
benefit income for our significant defined benefit plans include the following components: 

Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies  

Environmental Matters  

Our environmental matters
are described in Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Financial Statements in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The following table summarizes
information concerning our recorded liabilities for environmental costs: 

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

Environmental liabilities are included in the following balance
sheet accounts: 

We do not currently possess
sufficient information to reasonably estimate the amounts of environmental liabilities to be recorded upon future completion of
studies, litigation or settlements, and neither the timing nor the amount of the ultimate costs associated with environmental matters
can be determined although they could be material to our consolidated results of operations and operating cash flows in the periods
recognized or paid. However, considering our past experience and existing reserves, we do not expect that environmental matters
will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. 

Onondaga Lake,
Syracuse, NY   We are implementing a combined dredging/capping remedy of Onondaga Lake pursuant to a consent decree
approved by the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York in January 2007. We have accrued for our estimated
cost of remediating Onondaga Lake based on currently available information and analysis performed by our engineering consultants.
Honeywell is also conducting remedial investigations and activities at other sites in Syracuse. We have recorded reserves for these
investigations and activities where appropriate, consistent with the accounting policy described above. 

Honeywell has entered
into a cooperative agreement with potential natural resource trustees to assess alleged natural resource damages relating to this
site. It is not possible to predict the outcome or duration of this assessment, or the amounts of, or responsibility for, any damages. 

Asbestos Matters  

Honeywell is a defendant
in asbestos related personal injury actions related to two predecessor companies: 

North American Refractories Company (NARCO), which was sold in 1986, produced refractory products (bricks and cement used in high temperature applications). Claimants consist largely of individuals who allege exposure to NARCO asbestos-containing refractory products in an occupational setting.   

Bendix Friction Materials (Bendix) business, which was sold in 2014, manufactured automotive brake parts that contained chrysotile asbestos in an encapsulated form. Claimants consist largely of individuals who allege exposure to asbestos from brakes from either performing or being in the vicinity of individuals who performed brake replacements.   

The following tables summarize information concerning NARCO and Bendix asbestos related balances:   

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

NARCO and Bendix asbestos related balances are included in the following balance sheet accounts:  

NARCO Products  
 In connection with NARCO s emergence from bankruptcy on April 30, 2013, a federally authorized 524(g) trust (NARCO
Trust) was established for the evaluation and resolution of all existing and future NARCO asbestos claims. Both Honeywell and NARCO
are protected by a permanent channeling injunction barring all present and future individual actions in state or federal courts
and requiring all asbestos related claims based on exposure to NARCO asbestos-containing products to be made against the NARCO
Trust. The NARCO Trust reviews submitted claims and determines award amounts in accordance with established Trust Distribution
Procedures approved by the Bankruptcy Court which set forth the criteria claimants must meet to qualify for compensation including,
among other things, exposure and medical criteria that determine the award amount. In addition, Honeywell provided, and continues
to provide, input to the design of control procedures for processing NARCO claims, and has on-going audit rights to review and
monitor the claims processors  adherence to the established requirements of the Trust Distribution Procedures. 

Honeywell is obligated
to fund NARCO asbestos claims submitted to the NARCO Trust which qualify for payment under the Trust Distribution Procedures (Annual
Contribution Claims), subject to annual caps of $140 million in the years 2016 through 2018 and $145 million for each year thereafter.
However, the initial $100 million of claims processed through the NARCO Trust (the Initial Claims Amount) will not count against
the annual cap and any unused portion of the Initial Claims Amount will roll over to subsequent years until fully utilized. In
2015, Honeywell filed suit against the NARCO Trust in Bankruptcy Court alleging breach of certain provisions of the Trust Agreement
and Trust Distribution Procedures. The parties agreed to dismiss the proceeding without prejudice pursuant to an 18 month Standstill
Agreement. Claims processing will continue during this period subject to a defined dispute resolution process. As of September
30, 2016, Honeywell has not made any payments to the NARCO Trust for Annual Contribution Claims. 

Honeywell is also responsible
for payments due to claimants pursuant to settlement agreements reached during the pendency of the NARCO bankruptcy proceedings
that provide for the right to submit claims to the NARCO Trust subject to qualification under the terms of the settlement agreements
and Trust Distribution Procedures criteria (Pre-established Unliquidated Claims), which amounts are estimated at $150 million and
are expected to be paid during the initial years of trust operations ($5 million of which has been paid since the effective date
of the NARCO Trust). Such payments are not subject to the annual cap described above. 

Our consolidated financial
statements reflect an estimated liability for pre-established unliquidated claims ($145 million), unsettled claims pending as of
the time NARCO filed for bankruptcy protection ($33 million) and for the estimated value of future NARCO asbestos claims expected
to be asserted against the NARCO Trust through 

Honeywell International Inc. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

2018 ($743 million).
In the absence of actual trust experience on which to base the estimate, Honeywell projected the probable value of asbestos related
future liabilities, including trust claim handling costs, based on a commonly accepted methodology used by numerous bankruptcy
courts addressing 524(g) trusts. Some critical assumptions underlying this methodology include claims filing rates, disease criteria
and payment values contained in the Trust Distribution Procedures, estimated approval rates of claims submitted to the NARCO Trust
and epidemiological studies estimating disease instances. This projection resulted in a range of estimated liability of $743 million
to $961 million. We believe that no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount and accordingly, we have
recorded the minimum amount in the range. In light of the uncertainties inherent in making long-term projections and in connection
with the recent implementation of the Trust Distribution Procedures by the NARCO Trust, as well as the stay of all NARCO asbestos
claims which remained in place throughout NARCO s Chapter 11 case, we do not believe that we have a reasonable basis for
estimating NARCO asbestos claims beyond 2018. 

Our insurance receivable
corresponding to the estimated liability for pending and future NARCO asbestos claims reflects coverage which reimburses Honeywell
for portions of NARCO-related indemnity and defense costs and is provided by a large number of insurance policies written by dozens
of insurance companies in both the domestic insurance market and the London excess market. We conduct analyses to estimate the
probable amount of insurance that is recoverable for asbestos claims. While the substantial majority of our insurance carriers
are solvent, some of our individual carriers are insolvent, which has been considered in our analysis of probable recoveries. We
made judgments concerning insurance coverage that we believe are reasonable and consistent with our historical dealings and our
knowledge of any pertinent solvency issues surrounding insurers. 

Projecting future events
is subject to many uncertainties that could cause the NARCO-related asbestos liabilities or assets to be higher or lower than those
projected and recorded. Given the uncertainties, we review our estimates periodically, and update them based on our experience
and other relevant factors. Similarly, we will reevaluate our projections concerning our probable insurance recoveries in light
of any changes to the projected liability or other developments that may impact insurance recoveries. 

Friction Products   The
following tables present information regarding Bendix related asbestos claims activity: 

(1) Claims resolved in 2014 include 2,110 cancer claims which
were determined to have no value. Also, claims resolved in 2015 and 2014 include significantly aged (i.e., pending for more than
six years) claims totaling 153 and 1,266. 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share
amounts)  

Honeywell has experienced
average resolution values per claim excluding legal costs as follows: 

It is not possible to
predict whether resolution values for Bendix-related asbestos claims will increase, decrease or stabilize in the future. 

Our consolidated financial
statements reflect an estimated liability for resolution of pending (claims actually filed as of the financial statement date)
and future Bendix-related asbestos claims. We have valued Bendix pending and future claims using average resolution values for
the previous five years. We update the resolution values used to estimate the cost of Bendix pending and future claims during the
fourth quarter each year. 

The liability for future
claims represents the estimated value of future asbestos related bodily injury claims expected to be asserted against Bendix over
the next five years. Such estimated cost of future Bendix-related asbestos claims is based on historic claims filing experience
and dismissal rates, disease classifications, and resolution values in the tort system for the previous five years. In light of
the uncertainties inherent in making long-term projections, as well as certain factors unique to friction product asbestos claims,
we do not believe that we have a reasonable basis for estimating asbestos claims beyond the next five years. The methodology used
to estimate the liability for future claims is similar to that used to estimate the liability for future NARCO-related asbestos
claims. 

Our insurance receivable
corresponding to the liability for settlement of pending and future Bendix asbestos claims reflects coverage which is provided
by a large number of insurance policies written by dozens of insurance companies in both the domestic insurance market and the
London excess market. Based on our ongoing analysis of the probable insurance recovery, insurance receivables are recorded in the
financial statements simultaneous with the recording of the estimated liability for the underlying asbestos claims. This determination
is based on our analysis of the underlying insurance policies, our historical experience with our insurers, our ongoing review
of the solvency of our insurers, judicial determinations relevant to our insurance programs, and our consideration of the impacts
of any settlements reached with our insurers. 

Honeywell
believes it has sufficient insurance coverage and reserves to cover all pending Bendix-related asbestos claims and Bendix-related
asbestos claims estimated to be filed within the next five years. Although it is impossible to predict the outcome of either pending
or future Bendix-related asbestos claims, we do not believe that such claims would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial position in light of our insurance coverage and our prior experience in resolving such claims. If the rate and types
of claims filed, the average resolution value of such claims and the period of time over which claim settlements are paid (collectively,
the Variable Claims Factors) do not substantially change, Honeywell would not expect future Bendix-related asbestos claims to have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations or operating cash flows in any fiscal year. No assurances can be given,
however, that the Variable Claims Factors will not change . 

Other Matters  

We are subject to a number
of other lawsuits, investigations and disputes (some of which involve substantial amounts claimed) arising out of the conduct of
our business, including matters relating to commercial transactions, government contracts, product liability, prior acquisitions
and divestitures, employee benefit plans, intellectual property, and environmental, health and safety matters. We recognize a liability
for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. We continually assess the likelihood of adverse judgments
of outcomes in these matters, as well as potential ranges of possible losses (taking into consideration any insurance recoveries),
based on a careful analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. Included
in these other matters are the following: 

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in millions, except per share
amounts)  

Honeywell
v. United Auto Workers (UAW) et. al   In July 2011, Honeywell filed an action in federal court (District of New Jersey)
against the UAW and all former employees who retired under a series of Master Collective Bargaining Agreements (MCBAs) between
Honeywell and the UAW seeking a declaratory judgment that certain express limitations on its obligation to contribute toward the
healthcare coverage of such retirees (the CAPS) set forth in the MCBAs may be implemented, effective January 1, 2012.  The
UAW and certain retiree defendants filed a mirror suit in the Eastern District of Michigan alleging that the MCBAs do not provide
for CAPS on the Company s liability for healthcare coverage.  The New Jersey action was dismissed and Honeywell subsequently
answered the UAW s complaint in Michigan and asserted counterclaims for fraudulent inducement, negligent misrepresentation
and breach of implied warranty. The UAW filed a motion to dismiss these counterclaims. The court dismissed Honeywell s fraudulent
inducement and negligent misrepresentation claims, but let stand the claim for breach of implied warranty. In the second quarter
of 2014, the parties agreed to stay the proceedings with respect to those retirees who retired before the initial inclusions of
the CAPS in the 2003 MCBA until the Supreme Court decided the  M G Polymers USA, LLC v. Tackett  case  .  
In a ruling on January 26, 2015, the Supreme Court held that retiree health insurance benefits provided in collective bargaining
agreements do not carry an inference that they are vested or guaranteed to continue for life and that the  vesting 
issue must be decided pursuant to ordinary principles of contract law. The stay of the proceedings has been lifted and the case
is again proceeding. Based on the Supreme Court s ruling, Honeywell is confident that the CAPS will be upheld and that its
liability for healthcare coverage premiums with respect to the putative class will be limited as negotiated and expressly set forth
in the applicable MCBAs.  In the event of an adverse ruling, however, Honeywell s other postretirement benefits for
pre-2003 retirees would increase by approximately $176 million, reflecting the estimated value of these CAPS.   

In December 2013, the
UAW and certain of the plaintiffs filed a motion for partial summary judgment with respect to those retirees who retired after
the initial inclusion of the CAPS in the 2003 MCBA. The UAW sought a ruling that the 2003 MCBA did not limit Honeywell s
obligation to contribute to healthcare coverage for the post-2003 retirees. That motion remains pending. Honeywell is confident
that the Court will find that the 2003 MCBA does, in fact, limit Honeywell s retiree healthcare obligation for post-2003
retirees. In the event of an adverse ruling, however, Honeywell s other postretirement benefits for post-2003 retirees would
increase by approximately $110 million, reflecting the estimated value of these CAPS. 

Joint Strike Fighter
Investigation -   In 2013 the Company received subpoenas from the Department of Justice requesting information relating primarily
to parts manufactured in the United Kingdom and China used in the F-35 fighter jet. The Company is cooperating fully with the investigation.
While we believe that Honeywell has complied with all relevant U.S. laws and regulations regarding the manufacture of these sensors,
it is not possible to predict the outcome of the investigation or what action, if any, may result from it. 

Given the uncertainty
inherent in litigation and investigations (including the specific matters referenced above), we do not believe it is possible to
develop estimates of reasonably possible loss in excess of current accruals for these matters (other than as specifically set forth
above). Considering our past experience and existing accruals, we do not expect the outcome of these matters, either individually
or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. Because most contingencies are resolved
over long periods of time, potential liabilities are subject to change due to new developments, changes in settlement strategy
or the impact of evidentiary requirements, which could cause us to pay damage awards or settlements (or become subject to equitable
remedies) that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or operating cash flows in the periods recognized
or paid. 

ITEM 2.   
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF    

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD A)     

(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)    

The following MD A
is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Honeywell International Inc. and
its consolidated subsidiaries (Honeywell or the Company) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The financial
information as of September 30, 2016 should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2015 contained in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In July 2016, the Company
announced that it is  realigning the business units comprising its Automation and Control
Solutions reporting segment by forming two new reportable operating segments: Home and Building Technologies and Safety and Productivity
Solutions.   Home and Building Technologies includes Environmental   Energy Solutions, Security and Fire, and Building
Solutions and Distribution. Additionally, the Industrial Combustion/Thermal business, previously part of Environmental   Energy
Solutions in Automation and Control Solutions, became part of Performance Materials and Technologies.  Safety
and Productivity Solutions  includes Sensing   Productivity Solutions and Industrial Safety, as well as the Intelligrated
business.  Under the realigned segment reporting structure, the Company has four reportable
operating segments:  Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Performance Materials and Technologies and Safety and Productivity
Solutions. Effective with the quarter ended September 30, 2016 t he Company has reported its financial performance based
on this realignment. 

These realignments have
no impact on the Company s historical consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Prior period
amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period segment presentation.  

Net Sales   

The change in net sales
compared to the prior year period is attributable to the following: 

Three Months    
     Year to Date  
 
     Volume     
        (2  )%    
        (1  )%  
 
     Price     
        (1  )%    
        -     
 
     Foreign Currency Translation     
        (1  )%    
        (1  )%  
 
     Acquisitions/Divestitures     
        6  %    
        5  %  

2  %    
        3  %  

A discussion of net sales
by segment can be found in the Review of Business Segments section of this MD A. The foreign currency translation impact for
the quarter is principally driven by the weakening of the British Pound, Chinese Renminbi and Canadian Dollar, partially offset
by the strengthening of the Japanese Yen against the U.S. Dollar. The foreign currency translation impact for the nine months is
principally driven by the weakening of the British Pound, Chinese Renminbi and Canadian Dollar, partially offset by the strengthening
of the Japanese Yen against the U.S. Dollar. 

Cost of Products and Services Sold  

Cost of products and
services sold increased in the quarter principally due to an increase in direct material and labor costs of approximately $165
million (driven primarily by acquisitions, net of divestitures, partially offset by the favorable impact from productivity, net
of inflation, and foreign currency), higher repositioning and other charges of approximately $100 million and an increase in depreciation
and amortization attributable to acquisitions of approximately $35 million, partially offset by increased pension and other postretirement
benefits income of approximately $60 million. 

Cost of products and
services sold increased in the nine months principally due to an increase in direct material and labor costs of approximately $470
million (driven primarily by acquisitions, net of divestitures, partially offset by the favorable impact from productivity, net
of inflation and foreign currency), an increase in depreciation and amortization attributable to acquisitions of approximately
$105 million and higher repositioning and other charges of approximately $50 million, partially offset by increased pension and
other postretirement benefits income of approximately $170 million. 

Gross margin percentage
decreased in the quarter primarily due to lower segment gross margin in Home and Building Technologies, Aerospace and Safety and
Productivity Solutions (approximately 1.0 percentage point impact, principally attributed to acquisitions, net of divestitures,
and incentives to Aerospace Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM incentives)) and higher repositioning and other charges (approximately
1.0 percentage point impact), partially offset by increased pension and other postretirement benefits income (approximately 0.6
percentage point impact) and higher segment gross margin in Performance Materials and Technologies (approximately 0.4 percentage
point impact, principally attributed to acquisitions). 

Gross margin percentage
increased in the nine months primarily driven by increased pension and other postretirement benefits income (approximately 0.6
percentage point impact) and higher segment gross margin in Performance Materials and Technologies (approximately 0.3 percentage
point impact), partially offset by lower segment gross margin in Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies and Safety and Productivity
Solutions (approximately 0.7 percentage point impact, principally attributed to higher OEM incentives within Aerospace). 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  

Selling, general and
administrative expenses (SG A) increased in the quarter primarily due to an increase in labor costs principally attributed
to acquisitions and higher repositioning charges. 

SG A increased in
the nine months primarily due to an increase in labor costs (principally attributed to acquisitions, investment for growth and
merit increases) and higher repositioning charges, partially offset by the favorable impact from foreign currency translation. 

Tax Expense  

The effective tax rate
decreased for the quarter and nine months primarily due to tax benefits from the adoption of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board s (FASB) accounting standard update related to employee share-based payment accounting, partially offset by the Honeywell
Technology Solutions, Inc. divestiture that was taxed at a higher rate than the estimated annual effective tax rate and decreased
tax benefits from manufacturing incentives. 

The effective tax rates
for the quarter and nine months were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%, in part due to non-U.S. earnings taxed
at lower rates, the vast majority of which we intend to permanently reinvest outside the United States, and benefits from manufacturing
incentives. 

The Company currently
expects the effective tax rate for 2016 to be approximately 24.5%, excluding the impact of any pension mark-to-market adjustment
and any gains or losses resulting from early extinguishment of debt. The effective tax rate can vary from quarter to quarter due
to unusual or infrequently occurring items, the resolution of income tax audits, changes in tax laws or other items such as pension
mark-to-market adjustments or any gains or losses resulting from early extinguishment of debt and the tax impact from employee
share-based payments. 

Net Income Attributable to Honeywell  

Earnings per share of
common stock   assuming dilution was flat in the quarter primarily due to the gain related to the Honeywell Technology Solutions,
Inc. divestiture, higher pension and other postretirement income and the tax benefit from adoption of the FASB s accounting
standard related to employee share-based payment accounting, offset by decreased segment profit in Aerospace, principally attributed
to OEM incentives, and Safety and Productivity Solutions, and higher repositioning and other charges. 

Earnings per share of
common stock   assuming dilution increased in the nine months primarily driven by higher pension and other postretirement
income, increased segment profit in Home and Building Technologies, the gain related to the Honeywell Technology Solutions, Inc.
divestiture, a decrease in the weighted average shares outstanding and the tax benefit from adoption of the FASB s accounting
standard related to employee share-based payment accounting, partially offset by decreased segment profit in Aerospace, principally
attributed to OEM incentives, Safety and Productivity Solutions and Performance Materials and Technologies and higher repositioning
and other charges. 

Review of Business Segments   

Aerospace  

2016 vs. 2015  

Three Months Ended    
     Nine Months Ended  

September 30,    
     September 30,  
 
     Factors Contributing to Year-Over-Year Change    
     Sales    
     Segment 
Profit    
     Sales    
     Segment 
Profit  
 
     Organic growth/ Operational segment profit    
        (6  )%    
        (21  )%    
        (2  )%    
        (4  )%  
 
     Foreign currency translation    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        (1  )%  
 
     Acquisitions and divestitures, net    
        -       
        1  %    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total % Change    
        (6  )%    
        (20  )%    
        (2  )%    
        (5  )%  

Aerospace sales decreased
in the quarter and nine months primarily due to a decrease in organic sales volumes and the Honeywell Technology Solutions Inc.
divestiture, which is partially offset by growth from acquisitions. 

Commercial Original Equipment sales decreased
26% (decreased 25% organic) in the quarter and decreased 11% (decreased 10% organic) in the nine months primarily due to lower
shipments to business and general aviation original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and higher OEM incentives. Consistent with broader
aerospace industry trends, we expect the continuation of lower business and general aviation OEM sales volumes.     

Commercial Aftermarket sales increased
1% (increased 1% organic) in the quarter primarily driven by higher repair and overhaul activities for air transport and regional
customers and acquisitions, partially offset by lower repair and overhaul activities for business and general aviation customers.

Commercial Aftermarket sales increased
4% (increased 4% organic) in the nine months primarily driven by higher repair and overhaul activities and increased spares shipments. 

Defense and Space sales decreased 6% (decreased
6% organic) in the quarter and decreased 5% (decreased 6% organic) in the nine months primarily due to declines in U.S. space and
international defense programs, lower U.S. government services revenue, including the impact of divestitures, and decreased demand
from commercial helicopter OEMs, partially offset by sales from acquisitions.     

Transportation Systems sales increased
4% (increased 3% organic) in the quarter and increased 4% (increased 4% organic) in the nine months primarily driven by new platform
launches and higher global turbo penetration.    

Aerospace segment profit
decreased in the quarter primarily due to a decrease in operational segment profit, partially offset by acquisitions, net of divestitures.
The decrease in operational segment profit is primarily due to continued investments for growth, higher OEM incentives, and lower
organic sales volumes, partially offset by productivity, net of inflation. Cost of products and services sold decreased in the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 primarily driven by productivity, net of inflation and lower organic sales volumes, partially
offset by continued investments for growth. 

Aerospace segment profit
decreased in the nine months primarily due to a decrease in operational segment profit and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency
translation. The decrease in operational segment profit is primarily due to continued investments for growth and higher OEM incentives,
partially offset by productivity, net of inflation. Cost of products and services sold decreased in the nine months ended September
30, 2016 primarily driven by productivity, net of inflation, and lower sales volumes, partially offset by acquisitions, net of
divestitures. 

Home and Building Technologies  

Home and Building Technologies
sales increased in the quarter and nine months primarily driven by acquisitions and organic growth partially offset by the unfavorable
impact of foreign currency translation. 

Sales in Home and Building Products increased
26% (increased 1% organic) in the quarter and increased 28% (increased 3% organic) in the nine months principally due to acquisitions
and growth from our Environmental and Energy Solutions and Security and Fire businesses.    

Sales in Home and Building Distribution
increased 7% (increased 8% organic) in the quarter and increased 6% (increased 8% organic) in the nine months principally due to
organic sales growth partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. Organic sales in three and nine
months was driven by increased growth in our Distribution and Building Solutions Energy businesses.    

Home and Building Technologies
segment profit increased in the quarter and nine months due to higher operational segment profit and acquisitions. The increase
in operational segment profit is primarily due to the positive impact of volume, price, and productivity net of inflation. Cost
of products and services sold increased in the quarter and nine months primarily due to acquisitions and higher organic sales volumes
partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign currency translation and productivity net of inflation. 

Performance Materials and Technologies  

Performance Materials
and Technologies sales increased in the quarter due to growth from acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in organic sales
volumes and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. 

Performance Materials
and Technologies sales decreased in the nine months due to a decrease in organic sales volumes and the unfavorable impact of foreign
currency translation, partially offset by growth from acquisitions. 

UOP sales decreased 12% (decreased 10%
organic) in the quarter primarily driven by lower gas processing revenues due to a significant slowdown in customer projects, decreased
licensing and engineering sales, partially offset by increased catalyst volumes and equipment sales, which is expected to continue.    

UOP sales decreased 24% (decreased 23%
organic) in the nine months primarily driven by lower gas processing revenues, decreased catalyst volumes, and decreased equipment
sales.    

Process Solutions sales increased 17% (increased
3% organic) in the quarter and increased 19% (increased 6% organic) in the nine months primarily driven by higher revenues in projects,
increased volumes driven by the Elster acquisition, partially offset by lower field products sales.    

Advanced Materials sales were flat (decreased
2% organic) in the quarter primarily driven by increased volumes in Specialty Products, offset by lower market pricing as well
as lower raw material pass-through pricing in Resins and Chemicals.    

Advanced Materials sales increased 2% (flat
organic) in the nine months primarily driven by increased volumes in Fluorine Products and Specialty Products, partially offset
by lower market pricing as well as lower raw material pass-through pricing in Resins and Chemicals.    

Performance Materials
and Technologies segment profit increased in the quarter primarily due to acquisitions. The flat operational segment profit is
primarily due to the positive impact of productivity, net of inflation, offset by lower organic sales volume, unfavorable pricing
and continued investments for growth. Cost of 

products and services sold decreased in
the quarter primarily due to lower organic sales volumes, favorable foreign currency translation, and productivity, net of inflation,
partially offset by acquisitions. 

Performance Materials
and Technologies segment profit decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to a decrease in operational segment
profit and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by acquisitions. The decrease in operational
segment profit is primarily due to lower organic sales volume. Cost of products and services sold decreased in nine months primarily
due to lower organic sales volumes, favorable foreign currency translation, and productivity, net of inflation, partially offset
by acquisitions. 

Safety and Productivity Solutions  

Safety and Productivity
Solutions sales decreased in the quarter and nine months primarily due to decreased sales volume and the unfavorable impact of
foreign currency translation partially offset by growth from acquisitions. 

Sales in Safety decreased 4% (decreased
3% organic) in the quarter and decreased 2% (decreased 1% organic) in the nine months due to decreased sales volume in the Industrial
Safety business, lower distribution in Retail, and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation.    

Sales in Productivity Solutions decreased
1% (decreased 12% organic) in the quarter and decreased 8% (decreased 12% organic) in the nine months principally due to declines
in the Productivity Products business, partially offset by growth from acquisitions.     

Safety and Productivity
Solutions segment profit decreased in the quarter and nine months primarily due to a decrease in operational segment profit partially
offset by growth from acquisitions. The decrease in operational segment profit is due to decreased sales volume and the unfavorable
impact of inflation, partially offset by productivity Cost of products and services sold decreased primarily due to lower sales
volume, partially offset by acquisitions. 

Repositioning and Other Charges  

Our repositioning actions
are expected to generate incremental pretax savings of $275 million to $300 million in 2016 compared with 2015 principally from
planned workforce reductions. Cash spending related to our repositioning actions was $143 million in the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and was funded through operating cash flows. We expect cash spending for repositioning actions to be approximately $200
million in 2016 and to be funded through operating cash flows. 

B.     Liquidity and Capital Resources     

Cash Flow Summary  

Cash provided by operating
activities decreased by $100 million primarily due to an unfavorable impact from working capital of $840 million and higher net
payments for repositioning and other charges of $91 million, partially offset by a favorable impact from accrued liabilities of
$798 million (primarily driven by a $430 million improvement in customer advances and deferred income and the absence of $151 million
in OEM incentive payments). 

Cash used for investing
activities increased by $692 million primarily due an increase in cash paid for acquisitions of $2,383 million. The increase was
partially offset by (i) a net $1,226 million decrease in investments, primarily short term marketable securities, (ii) an increase
in proceeds from the sales of businesses of $301 million (most significantly Honeywell Technology Solutions Inc.) and (iii) a decrease
of $227 million in settlement payments of foreign currency exchange contracts used as economic hedges on certain non-functional
currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. 

Cash provided by financing
activities increased by $1,621 million primarily due to an increase in the net proceeds from debt issuances of $1,696, partially
offset by an increase in cash dividends paid of $149 million including amounts paid to the former UOP Russell LLC noncontrolling
shareholder. 

Liquidity  

The Company continues
to manage its businesses to maximize operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity. In addition to our available cash
and operating cash flows, additional sources of liquidity include committed credit lines, short-term debt from the commercial paper
market, long-term borrowings, as well as access to the public debt and equity markets. We continue to balance our cash and financing
uses through investment in our existing core businesses, debt reduction, acquisition activity, share repurchases and dividends. 

We continuously assess
the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution
in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We identify
acquisition candidates that will further our strategic plan and strengthen our existing core businesses. We also identify business
units that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability or growth potential.
These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. 

In 2016, we are not required
to make contributions to our U.S. pension plans. In 2016, we plan to make contributions of cash and/or marketable securities of approximately
$160 million to our non-U.S. pension plans to satisfy
regulatory funding 

requirements, of which $106 million were already contributed with marketable securities in the first quarter of 2016. The timing and amount of contributions
to both our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans may be impacted by a number of factors, including the funded status of the pension
plans. 

In accordance with our
accounting policy for defined benefit pension plans, we recognize net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10 percent of the
greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plans  projected benefit obligation in the fourth quarter each year (MTM
adjustment). The primary factors contributing to actuarial gains or losses are changes in the discount rate used to value pension
obligations each year as of December 31 (measurement date) and the difference between expected and actual return on plan assets.
Based on discount rates and actual asset returns as of September 30, 2016 there is a potential MTM adjustment of approximately
$1.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016 for our significant pension plans. The potential MTM adjustment consists of $0.8 billion
from U.S. pension plans and $0.7 billion from non-U.S. pension plans. However, as the amount of any actual MTM adjustment is primarily
driven by changes in interest rates and the performance of the financial markets which may change significantly in the fourth quarter,
the Company is not able to determine or project the actual amount of any MTM adjustment that may be recorded as of December 31,
2016. 

In the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased $233 million of outstanding shares. Under the Company s previously approved $5
billion share repurchase program, $4.3 billion remained available as of September 30, 2016 for additional share repurchases. Honeywell
presently expects to repurchase outstanding shares from time to time to generally offset the dilutive impact over the long-term
of employee stock-based compensation plans, including future option exercises, restricted unit vesting and matching contributions
under our savings plans. The amount and timing of future repurchases may vary depending on market conditions and the level of operating,
financing and other investing activities. 

In the fourth
quarter, we plan to refinance certain outstanding debt, subject to market conditions. Based on market assumptions as of September
30, 2016, there is a potential extinguishment charge of approximately $140 million. The actual debt extinguishment charge will
depend on interest rates, market conditions and other factors at the time of the actual refinancing. 

See Note 3 Acquisitions
and Divestitures and Note 10 Long-term Debt and Credit Agreements of Notes to Financial Statements for additional discussion of
items impacting our liquidity. 

C.  Other Matters   

Litigation  

We are subject to a number
of lawsuits, investigations and claims (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the conduct of our business.
See Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Financial Statements for further discussion of environmental, asbestos and
other litigation matters. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The financial information
as of September 30, 2016 should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 contained
in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

For a discussion of the
Company s critical accounting policies, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

See Note 2 Recent Accounting
Pronouncements of Notes to Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks    

For a discussion of the
Company s quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risks, in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of September 30, 2016, there has been no material change in this
information .  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures    

Honeywell
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act))   as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that such
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to
ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports that Honeywell files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms,
and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer,
and our Controller, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Honeywell s internal control over financial reporting
that have occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings    

General Legal Matters  

We are subject to a
number of lawsuits, investigations and claims (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the conduct of our business.
See Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies of Notes to Financial Statements for a discussion of environmental, asbestos and other
litigation matters. 

Environmental Matters Involving Potential
Monetary Sanctions in Excess of $100,000  

None 

Item 2.  
       Changes in Securities and Use of Proceeds    

Honeywell purchased 2,000,000
shares of its common stock, par value $1 per share, in the quarter ended September 30, 2016. In April 2016, the Board of Directors
authorized the repurchase of up to a total of $5 billion of Honeywell common stock, which replaces the previously approved share
repurchase program. $4.3 billion remained available as of September 30, 2016 for additional share repurchases. The following table
summarizes Honeywell s purchase of its common stock for the quarter ended September 30, 2016: 

Item 5.  
       Other Information    

Iran Threat Reduction
and Syrian Human Rights Act of 2012  

Under the Iran Threat Reduction and Syrian Human Rights
Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Honeywell is required to disclose in its periodic
reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with
entities or individuals designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders.  Disclosure is required even where the activities
are conducted outside the U.S. by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and even if the activities are not covered
or prohibited by U.S. law.  All of our sales in Iran during the third quarter of 2016 were conducted by our non-U.S. subsidiaries
under General License H and otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws.  In the third quarter, and in compliance with
all applicable laws, including sanctions regulations administered by U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),
our UOP business entered into one contract with a non-U.S. distributor to sell non-U.S.-origin molecular sieves for end use in
medical oxygen generators. Revenue from this sale totaled the U.S. Dollar equivalent of less than $50,000 in the third quarter. 
Our UOP business also entered into a settlement agreement related to an outstanding 2006 licensing agreement entered into in accordance
with then-applicable laws.  Revenues from this agreement totaled the U.S. Dollar equivalent of approximately $8.5 million. 
Additionally, our Elster business within the Home and Building Technologies segment entered into contracts with non-U.S. distributors
to sell approximately $0.7 million in non-U.S.-origin water meter and gas meter products for end use at residential properties
and recognized approximately $0.1 million of revenue in connection with a contract for non-U.S. origin software sales and services. 
The Movilizer business within our Safety and Productivity Solutions segment also entered into a contract for non-U.S. origin software
sales and service for approximately $0.1 million. Our non-U.S. subsidiaries intend to continue doing business in Iran under General
License H in compliance with all applicable laws, which sales may require additional disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the
Act. 

Item 6. 
      Exhibits   

(a) 
     See the Exhibit Index on page 38 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Honeywell International Inc.   

Date:  October 21, 2016  
      By:    
       /s/ Jennifer H. Mak    

Jennifer H. Mak   

Vice President and Controller   

(on behalf of the Registrant   

and as the Registrant s   

Principal Accounting Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit  
     No.  
       
      Description   

11 
       
     Computation of Per Share Earnings (1)   

12 
       
     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges (filed herewith)  

31.1 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  

31.2 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  

32.1 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
    the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  

32.2 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
    the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)  

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith)  

101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (filed herewith)  

101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith)  

101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (filed herewith)  

101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (filed herewith)  

101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith)  

(1) 
     Data required is provided in Note 5 Earnings Per Share of Notes to Financial Statements.  

<EX-101.INS>
 2
 hon-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 3
 hon-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 hon-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 hon-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 hon-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 hon-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-12>
 8
 c86383_ex12.htm

EXHIBIT 12  

Honeywell International Inc.  

  Statement RE: Computation of Ratio of
Earnings to Fixed Charges  

  Nine Months Ended  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Dollars in millions)  

(a) 
     Denotes the equivalent of an appropriate portion of rentals representative of the interest factor on
    all rentals other than for capitalized leases.  

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 c86383_ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David M. Cote, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Honeywell International Inc.;    

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:    

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)    disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;    

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)    all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 21, 2016  
      By:  
        /s/ David M. Cote   

David M. Cote  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 c86383_ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Thomas A. Szlosek, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Honeywell International Inc.;    

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:    

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)    disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;    

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)    all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 21, 2016  
      By:  
        /s/ Thomas A. Szlosek    

Thomas A. Szlosek   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 c86383_ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Honeywell
International Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, David M. Cote, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  October 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ David M. Cote    

David M. Cote   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 c86383_ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Honeywell
International Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Thomas A. Szlosek, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  October 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Thomas A. Szlosek    

Thomas A. Szlosek   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

