<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161116_10-Q_edgar_data_1662684_0001144204-16-134867_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>133296</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>33698</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>86370</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134867.hdr.sgml : 20161116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161116102858
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134867
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KT High-Tech Marketing Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001662684
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				811004273
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55564
		FILM NUMBER:		162001586

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14440 BIG BASIN WAY #12
		CITY:			SARATOGA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-663-5247

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14440 BIG BASIN WAY #12
		CITY:			SARATOGA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Grant Hill Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151231

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134867.txt : 20161116

10-Q
 1
 v453270_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from               to 

Commission file number                  000-55564 

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

GRANT HILL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 (Former name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Delaware  
       
      81-1004273   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)   

14440 Big Basin Way #12 

 Saratoga, California 95070 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

408-663-5247 

 (Registrant s Telephone Number) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

  Yes  
  x       No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated Filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company   x   
 
      (do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes  
  x       No

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

   BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

2   

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

3   

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

   STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the nine months     

ended September 30, 2016     

OPERATING ACTIVITIES    

Net loss    
     $  (2,857  )  
 
     Non-cash adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash:    

Expenses paid for by stockholder and contributed as capital    
        3,107     
 
     Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities:    

Accrued liability    
        (250  )  
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities    
        -     

FINANCING ACTIVITIES    

Proceeds from issuance of common stock    
        380     
 
     Proceeds from stockholders contribution    
        -     
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities    
        380     

Net increase in cash    
     $  380     
 
     Cash, beginning of period    
        -     
 
     Cash, end of period    
     $  380     
 
     SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES:    

Cash paid during the period for:    

Income tax    
     $  -     
 
     Interest    
     $  -     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

4   

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

   Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements 

NOTE 1                 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

NATURE OF OPERATIONS 

KT High-Tech Marketing, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporatedon
December 11, 2015 under the laws of the state of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited
to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception and its operations to date
have been limited to issuing shares to its original shareholders, filling a registration statement on Form 10 to register its class
of common stock and effecting a change in control. 

The Company will attempt to locate and negotiate with a business
entity for the combination of that target company with the Company. The combination will normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock
exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to
be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. No assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in locating or negotiating with any target company. The
Company has been formed to provide a method for a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class
of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The summary of significant accounting policies presented below
is designed to assist in understanding the Company's unaudited condensed financial statements. Such unaudited condensed financial
statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Company's management, who are responsible for their integrity
and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ) in all material respects, and have been consistently applied in preparing the accompanying unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures normally present
in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) were omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The results for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

USE OF ESTIMATES 

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

CASH 

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and on deposit
at banking institutions as well as all highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. The Company
has $380 cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016. 

CONCENTRATION OF RISK 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company places its cash with high quality banking institutions.
The Company did not have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit as of September 30, 2016. 

5   

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

   Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements 

INCOME TAXES 

Under ASC 740,  Income Taxes,  deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. As of September 30, 2016 there were no deferred taxes due to the uncertainty of the realization of
net operating loss or carry forward prior to expiration. 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic loss per common share excludes dilution and is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share
reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted
into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of the entity. As of September 30, 2016,
there are no outstanding dilutive securities. 

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The Company follows guidance for accounting for fair value measurements
of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed
at fair value in the unaudited condensed financial statements on a recurring basis. Additionally, the Company adopted guidance
for fair value measurement related to nonfinancial items that are recognized and disclosed at fair value in the unaudited condensed
financial statements on a nonrecurring basis. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs
for the asset or liability. The carrying amounts of financial assets such as cash approximate their fair values because of the
short maturity of these instruments. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENT 

On November 20, 2015, FASB issued ASU-2015-17-Income Taxes.
The Board is issuing this Update as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards (the Simplification Initiative).
The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to
users of financial statements. Current GAAP requires an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current
and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes,
the amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement
of financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position.
The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented
as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update
are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.
The Company is still in the process of evaluating future impact of adopting this standard. 

6   

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

 Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements 

On September 12, 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-10-Technical Corrections and Improvements. The amendments
in this Update cover a wide range of Topics in the Codification. The amendments in this Update represent changes to make minor
corrections or minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting
practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of
Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2014-240-Technical Corrections and Improvements, which has been deleted. Transition guidance
varies based on the amendments in this Update. The amendments in this Update that require transition guidance are effective for
all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption
is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All other amendments will be effective upon the issuance of this Update.
Management is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company's financial statements. 

On April 30, 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-06 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings
per Units of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions. Under Topic 260, Earnings Per Share, master limited partnerships
(MLPs) apply the two-class method to calculate earnings per unit (EPU) because the general partner, limited partners, and incentive
distribution rights holders each participate differently in the distribution of available cash. When a general partner transfers
(or  drops down ) net assets to a master limited partnership and that transaction is accounted for as a transaction between
entities under common control, the statements of operations of the master limited partnership are adjusted retrospectively to reflect
the dropdown transaction as if it occurred on the earliest date during which the entities were under common control. The amendments
in this Update specify that for purposes of calculating historical EPU under the two-class method, the earnings (losses) of a transferred
business before the date of a dropdown transaction should be allocated entirely to the general partner interest, and previously
reported EPU of the limited partners would not change as a result of a dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures about how
the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs also are required. This Accounting
Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-14A Earnings Per Share Effects on Historical
Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions (Topic 260), which has been deleted. Effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments
in this Update should be applied retrospectively for all financial statements presented. Management is in the process of assessing
the impact of this ASU on the Company's financial statements. 

In January 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-01 Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying
Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items. The objective of this Update is to simplify the
income statement presentation requirements in Subtopic 225-20 by eliminating the concept of extraordinary items. Extraordinary
items are events and transactions that are distinguished by their unusual nature and by the infrequency of their occurrence. Eliminating
the extraordinary classification simplifies income statement presentation by altogether removing the concept of extraordinary items
from consideration. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2014-220 Income
Statement Extraordinary Items (Subtopic 225-20), which has been deleted. Effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity
also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted
provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both
public business entities and all other entities. Management is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company's
financial statements. 

7   

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC. 

 Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements 

NOTE 2                GOING CONCERN  

The Company has not yet generated any revenue since inception
to date and has sustained operating loss of $6,919 from inception (December 11, 2015) to September 30, 2016. The Company had working
capital deficit of $3,120. The Company's continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash
flows from operations to meet its obligations and/or obtaining additional financing from its members or other sources, as may be
required. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above condition raises substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to do so. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that
may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In order to maintain its current level of operations, the Company
will require additional working capital from either cash flow from operations or from the sale of its equity. However, the Company
currently has no commitments from any third parties for the purchase of its equity. If the Company is unable to acquire additional
working capital, it will be required to significantly reduce its current level of operations. 

NOTE 3             
ACCRUED LIABILITIES  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an accrued professional
fee of $3,500. 

NOTE 4            
STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

On December 11, 2015, the Company issued 20,000,000 founders
common stock to two directors and officers. The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016, 23,800,000 shares of common stock and no preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

On April 17, 2016, the Company effected the following transactions
to effect a change of control: 

The Company redeemed 19,400,000 of the 20,000,000 outstanding
shares of common stock pro rata from the two shareholders thereof. 

The then current officers and directors of the Company
resigned and new officers and directors were elected. 

On April 18, 2016, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of its
common stock pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 at par representing 97% of the total outstanding 20,600,000
shares of common stock to Michael Mo, the newly elected sole officer and director. 

From April 19, 2016, and continuing thereafter, the Company
issued a total of 3,800,000 shares of its common stock at par value pursuant to executed subscription agreements under a Regulation
D offering, of which 85,000 shares were issued to related parties. A total of $380.00 was received by the Company as aggregate
consideration paid for these 3,800,000 shares issued at par value. 

NOTE 5               SUBSEQUENT
EVENT  

Management has evaluated subsequent events
through November 15, 2016, the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring
recognition as of September 30, 2016 have been incorporated into these consolidated financial statements and there are no subsequent
events that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855,  Subsequent Events.  

8   

ITEM 2.                MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

KT high-Tech Marketing, Inc. (the  Company )
was incorporated oo December 11, 2015 under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including,
but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company is a blank check company and qualifies as an  emerging
growth company  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act which became law in April, 2012. 

Since inception the Company's operations
to date of the period covered by this report have been limited to issuing shares of common stock to its original shareholders,
filing a registration statement on Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 as amended to register its class of common stock and effecting a change in control of the Company on April 17, 2016. 

The Company has limited operation procuring
and distributing IT productions in US and overseas. The Company has raised $380 from 40 shareholders at par value during the quarter.
The Company has been preparing its S-1 registration statement during quarter to be filed with SEC to conduct a direct share offering
to investors. 

The Company plans to market and distribute
technology products. The Company intends to market and sell these products to end users and customers based on agreements that
it plans to enter into other companies that allow the Company to distribute products. 

The Company has identified three growth
markets (IoT, Mobile and Energy Storage) in consumer electronics and energy markets to target initially. The Company plans to work
closely with supply partners to provide the latest technology and products in these three markets to serve its customers. 

The Company plans to focus on products that
have very compact designs and come with highly efficient thermal management designs. Better thermal management designs make the
product more reliable and safer to operate. A compact design is more attractive for the end user. 

Devices which the Company intends to distribute
are the following: HD Security Cameras, Virtual Reality (VR) and Augment Reality (AR) glasses, drones accessory devices, connected
car accessories and smart home devices. 

Marketing and sales of Internet of Things
(IoT), Mobile and Energy Storage Devices will occur in the United States and the Greater China Region. 

9   

Mobile devices include: Smartphone modules
for consumer and industrial applications, tablet computers for business application and 3/4G modules for machine-to-machine (M2M)
applications. Energy storage devices include: Lithium-Ion Battery (LiB) pack for electrical bike, LiB pack for industrial machine
application and medical equipment applications. 

The Company believes that today's consumers
value choice, not just in terms of the variety of products on offer, but also in the channels where they can buy them. Whereas
the internet allows the increasingly-savvy consumer to research products from home at his/her leisure in terms of functionality,
more importantly, it also allows him/her to find the best deal in terms of price. Store-based retailing, on the other hand, offers
consumers expert advice. The Company will provide both online and in-store product marketing materials for its partners and retail
channels to reach and educate its customers. 

During the quarter from July 1 st ,
2016 through September 30, 2016, the Company has been working on its S-1 registration statement with the SEC. The Company commences
now commercial activities during this time. The Company has been in discussions with a number high-tech product vendors to market
and distribute their products in the US and Asia. No formal agreement has been established. The Company does not expect formal
agreements to be reached with suppliers and distribution partners until its S-1 registration statement becomes effective and it
raises financing through S-1 registration. 

As of September 30, 2016 the Company had
not generated revenues and had no income or cash flows from operations since inception. The Company had sustained net loss of $2,857
and had an accumulated deficit of $6,919 for the six months ended and as of September 30, 2016, respectively. 

The Company's independent auditors have
issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. At present, the Company has
no operations and the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its stockholders,
its ability to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a business
entity for the combination of that target company with the Company 

Management will pay all expenses incurred
by the Company. There is no expectation of repayment for such expenses. 

ITEM 3.                  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

Information not required to be filed by
Smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 4.                  Controls and Procedures. Disclosures and Procedures  

Pursuant to Rules adopted by the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules. This evaluation was done as of the end of the period covered by this report
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's principal executive officer (who was also the principal financial
officer). 

10   

Based upon that evaluation, he believes
that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective in gathering, analyzing and disclosing information needed to
ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in its periodic reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

This Quarterly Report does not include an
attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this Quarterly Report. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There was no change in the Company's internal
control over financial reporting that was identified in connection with such evaluation that occurred during the period covered
by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.                   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

There are no legal proceedings against the
Company and the Company is unaware of such proceedings contemplated against it. 

11   

ITEM 2.              UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

During the past three years, the Company
has issued 23,800,000 common shares pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 at par as follows: 

On December 11, 2015, the Company issued
the following shares of its common stock: 

To each of its then two officers and directors
10,000,000 shares of common stock for a total aggregate outstanding of 20,000,000. On April 17, 2016, an aggregate of 19,400,000
shares of the outstanding 20,000,000 was redeemed pro rata from the two shareholders. 

On April 18, 2016, the Company issued 20,000,000
shares to Michael Mo, the current sole officer and director of the Company. 

During April and May of 2016, the Company
issued 3,800,000 shares to forty shareholders at par value to raise $380. 

ITEM 3.             
DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.             SUBMISSION
OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.             OTHER
INFORMATION 

(a)    Not applicable. 

 (b)    Item 407(c)(3) of Regulation S-K: 

During the quarter covered by this Report,
there have not been any material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

12   

ITEM 6.           
EXHIBITS 

(a)  
      Exhibits   

31  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

13   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

KT HIGH-TECH MARKETING, INC.   

By:  
      /s/ Michael Mo   

Chief Executive Officer   

Chief Financial Officer   

Dated:  November 15, 2016 

14   

<EX-31>
 2
 v453270_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I,  Michael Mo  , certify that: 

1.     I
have reviewed this Form 10-Q of  KT High-Tech Marketing, Inc.  

2.     Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.     Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.     The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)     Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)     Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)     Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations;
and 

d)     Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.      The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recente valuation, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)     All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)     Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 15, 2016   
      /s/ Michael Mo  

Chief Executive Officer and  
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v453270_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the undersigned officer of  KT High-Tech Marketing, Inc.  (the  Company ),
hereby certify to my knowledge that: 

The Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended  September 30,
2016  of the Company fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

Date:  November 15, 2016   
      /s/ Michael Mo  

Chief Executive Officer and  
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

