<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161129_10-K_edgar_data_1531477_0001654954-16-004379_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1622613</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134407</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>103774</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>589880</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>397182</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>339185</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-004379.hdr.sgml : 20161129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161129153404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-004379
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Health Advance, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001531477
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				460525223
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-177122
		FILM NUMBER:		162022643

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3651 LINDELL ROAD, SUITE #D155
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-943-0309

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3651 LINDELL ROAD, SUITE #D155
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-004379.txt : 20161129

10-K
 1
 hadv_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Blueprint 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
transition period from ___________ to __________ 

Commission File No. 333-177122 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

WYOMING 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation
or organization) 

46-0525223 

(IRS
Employer Identification No.) 

3651 Lindell Rd. Suite #D155 

Las Vegas, NV, 

89103 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Zip
Code) 

1-702-943-0309 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act:  

Title
of each class registered:  None  

Name of
each exchange on which registered:  None  

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None  (Title of class) 

I   ndicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.       
Yes       No    

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes        No    

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate
Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).  

Yes    No    

Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.     

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.  

Large accelerated
filer  

Accelerated
filer  

Non-accelerated
filer  

Smaller reporting
company  

(Do not check if a smaller
reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).
Yes    No    

As of November 29, 2016, the
registrant had 24,520,000 shares issued and
outstanding.  

Documents Incorporated by
Reference :  

None.  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are
not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or
conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as
 anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   intend,   could, 
 should,   would,   may, 
 seek,   plan,   might, 
 will,   expect,   anticipate, 
 predict,   project, 
 forecast,   potential, 
 continue  negatives thereof or similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made,
are based on various underlying assumptions and current
expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity,
performance or achievement to be materially different from the
results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. 

We
cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly,
such information should not be regarded as representations that the
results or conditions described in such statements or that our
objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any
responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are
found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and include information concerning possible or assumed future
results of our operations, including statements about potential
acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash
flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any
other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs,
future operations, business plans and future financial results, and
any other statements that are not historical facts. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans,
expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are
subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those
factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those
forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or
at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All
subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning
other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained
or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except
to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events, a change in events, conditions,
circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or
otherwise.  

USE OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to
 we,   us,   our,   our
Company,   the Company  or  Health
Advance  are to the combined business of Health Advance
Inc. 

In
addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the
purposes of this report only 

Exchange
Act  refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; 

SEC 
refers to the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission; 

Securities
Act  refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended; 

2 |
Page 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
1. 

BUSINESS 

4  

ITEM
1A. 

RISK
FACTORS 

12 

ITEM
1B. 

UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

15 

ITEM
2. 

PROPERTIES 

15 

ITEM
3. 

LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

15 

ITEM
4. 

MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

15 

PART II 

ITEM
5. 

MARKET
FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

15 

ITEM
6. 

SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA 

15 

ITEM
7. 

MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

16 

ITEM
7A. 

QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

19 

ITEM
8. 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

20 

ITEM
9. 

CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURES 

33 

ITEM
9A. 

CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

33 

ITEM
9B. 

OTHER
INFORMATION 

34 

PART III 

ITEM
10. 

DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

34 

ITEM
11. 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

36 

ITEM
12. 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

36 

ITEM
13. 

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

37 

ITEM
14. 

PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

37 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. 

EXHIBITS
AND SIGNATURES 

38 

3 |
Page 

PART I 

ITEM
1.         BUSINESS 

General 

Health
Advance Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated on April
14, 2010 in Wyoming. Our business office is located at 3651 Lindell
Road, Suite D#155, Las Vegas, NV, 89103.  Our telephone
number is 702-943-0309. We were founded by Jordan Starkman, who
serves as President and sole director.   

On
February 14, 2013, the Company effected a 10-for-1 forward split of
the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock,
par value $0.001 (the  Common Stock ). The
Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock were
therefore increased from 2,452,000 to 24,520,000.  All
per share amounts have been restated to reflect this stock
split. 

The
Company is an on-line retailer of home medical products with
operations in Canada and the United States, and with administration
and infrastructure supported globally.  Our strategy is
to attract opportunities in the health care industry through the
development and growth of our existing web site
www.leadingmedicalproducts.com.   We believe we can
operate more cost efficiently and compete as a discounter that
delivers value and low cost branded lines of home medical care
products together with valuable customer care that is currently
missing in the marketplace.  Our goal is to become our
customers  single source for low cost health care supplies,
by meeting all of our customer s needs. 

The
Company has recognized the sales and profit potential of
medical/surgical supplies as a necessity item primarily due to the
aging population.  We strive to offer health care
professionals, medical distributors and consumers the highest
quality brands and products at the most affordable prices. We
expect to achieve this by forming relationships with suppliers that
will be able to provide us with preferred prices once we are able
to make bulk purchases. 

We do
not consider ourselves a blank check company, as we have a specific
business plan and have moved forward with our business operations.
Specifically we, while in the development stage, are proceeding
with our business plan by constructing and implementing an
automated website. We have taken certain steps in furtherance of
this business plan including establishing the website and the
establishment of accounts with wholesale distributors of medical
supplies. We do not have any plan, arrangement, or understanding to
engage in a merger or acquisition with any other
entity. 

The
Company operates under the corporate website at
www.healthadvanceinc.com and its on-line retailer website at
www.leadingmedicalproducts.com. 

The
Company believes the outlook for the health care industry in
general is positive. Over the next several years, we believe we
will benefit significantly from certain favorable demographic and
industry trends, including: 

the
rising healthcare and prescription drug needs of the ageing
Canadian and US population; 

a
heightened focus on health and wellness by the baby boomer
generation and the increasing demand for lifestyle
drugs; 

increased
investment in research and development by pharmaceutical and
medical supply companies resulting in new and more effective
products; and 

the
fragmented nature of the Canadian and US health care retailing
marketplace providing tremendous consolidation
opportunities. 

Demographic
trends indicate that our markets are growing as an aging U.S.
population is increasingly using healthcare
services.  Between 2000 and 2010 the population aged
45-64 grew at a rate of 31.55.  The large growth in this
age group is primarily due to the aging of the Baby Boom
population. In 2011, the first members of the Baby Boom generation
will reach age 65, and the Baby Boom will represent 25 percent of
the total population (in the middle series). The last of the
Baby-Boom population will reach age 65 in the year 2029. By that
time, the Baby-Boom population is projected to represent about 16
percent of the total population. Between 2009 and 2019, the 45 and
older population is expected to grow by approximately
15%.  Between 2009 and 2029, this age group is expected
to grow by approximately 30%.  

This
compares with expected U.S. population growth rates of
approximately 10% between 2009 and 2019 and approximately 20%
between 2009 and 2029.  Furthermore, it is estimated that
70 million people will be 65 or older by 2030   nearly
doubling the 34 million today. (The foregoing statistics are
extracted from the 2011 U, S. Census.)  

4 |
Page 

The
growing senior population demands more medical attention and ten
out of the twenty most rapidly growing industries in the U.S. are
in the health care sector.  As the population ages an
increased number of seniors are taking a more active role in
managing their health care and as they age in to their golden
years, their adult children and family member often become key
healthcare support systems.  There is a growing trend
toward care at home and empowering seniors to be more
independent.  Today the market for senior care is highly
fragmented between online and offline delivery.  Nursing
home operators, insurance companies and doctors are trying to
reduce the visits of elder patients to high cost
facilities. 

Strategy 

Our
business strategy is designed to drive sales growth, maximize gross
margin dollars and operating cash flow, capitalize on cost
reduction opportunities and build customer loyalty, which we
believe will result in the Company being a leading home healthcare
provider.  The company will rely on the dedication of its
knowledgeable staff for the successful implementation of its
business strategy. Key elements of this strategy
include: 

Diverse Product Selection 

We
carry a vast number of brand named products that are well
recognized by our customers.  These products will be well
priced value products which are used on a regular basis by our
customers. 

Strong Customer Service 

We
believe the best customer is a happy customer and through third
parties and directly, we provide a range of services to educate and
tailor support to each senior customer. 

Health Advance s Position in the Health Care
Industry 

Favorable
industry trends, such as those described above, provide the Company
with continued opportunities to capitalize on its strengths in
providing high quality health care services and building trust with
its customers while at the same time educating the customer. The
Company intends to strengthen its leadership position in this high
growth category by improving operations, enhancing the quality of
healthcare services provided to its customers and cultivating a
professional environment which the Company believes attracts
superior health care staff. A key element of this strategy is
increased investment in technology to support the growing demand
for health care services and reduce the administrative burden on
staff, enabling them to dedicate more time to customer care. These
initiatives will best position the Company to maximize profits and
customer retention. The Company also intends to build market share
in the health care category by continuing to offer the added
convenience of expedited home delivery. 

Driving Sales and Profitability 

The
Company intends to improve profitability by refining its
merchandising mix through the introduction of new product
categories and the tactical use of private label products. The
focus on an improved product offering is intended to increase
customer satisfaction, enhancing the attractiveness of Health
Advance web experience as a destination for purchases of all health
care needs.  Simplifying e-store activities are also key
elements of driving retail sales and profitability. 

Marketplace 

The US Industry 

Market
National healthcare spending will reach over $4.3 trillion by 2018,
up from $1.42 trillion in 2001 and accounting for 20.3% of GDP
according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
(CMS). 

Currently,
more than 130 million Americans live with a chronic condition,
including Alzheimer s disease, arthritis, cancer,
cardiovascular disease, chronic obstructive lung disease, and
diabetes. By 2020, about 157 million Americans will be affected by
chronic illness, according to the US Department of Health and Human
Services. 

First
Research estimates the number of Americans over 65 will double from
34 million to 62 million between 2000 and 2025.
Currently, 90 million Americans live with chronic diseases.
The research firm Rand estimates the number of Americans with two
or more chronic conditions will increase from 60 to 81 million
between the years 2000 and 2020. 

Health
Advance expects to see continued growth in the health care market
driven by advances in medical technology, the growing trend toward
shorter hospital stays and an ageing population. The Company
believes as the baby boomer population ages, the already
flourishing medical supply industry will experience a 20-year
explosion in growth. The Company believes that it will be well
positioned to participate in the future growth opportunities
available in the home health care market. 

5 |
Page 

Industry Trends 

Over
the next several years, Health Advance expects to benefit
significantly from certain favorable demographic and industry
trends, including: 

The
rising healthcare and prescription drug needs of the ageing
population 

A
heightened focus on health and wellness by the baby boomers
generation and the increasing demand for lifestyle drugs: 
 This
segment of U.S. and Canadian society is also placing a greater
emphasis on prevention and early diagnosis of medical conditions
and on the purchase of self-care products. 

Governmental Regulations 

We are
not subject to any local, state, federal and foreign governmental
laws and regulations applicable to the distribution and resale of
products. All the products marketed through Health Advance are
developed and meet US specifications and stringent criteria by the
US Federal Drug and Administration bodies, as well as Medicare and
Medicaid US government social security operations. 

Canadian Competition 

We face
competition from many retailers in the home healthcare and
prescription drug business as the sale of these products is not
restricted to pharmacy outlets. While the Canadian drug-retailing
sector continues to be dominated by groups or chains and
independents, the competitive environment has changed significantly
in recent years with many new entrants targeting price sensitive
consumers. The percentage of pharmacy outlets operated by
non-traditional competitors, such as mass merchandisers and
supermarkets, has increased over the past three years as they added
pharmacy departments to their stores. 

The
Company s competitors in the industry include independent
operators, buying/banner groups such as Shoppers Drug Mart Home
Health Care, IDA, Guardian, Pharma Plus, mass merchandisers such as
Wal-Mart and Zellers, and large supermarket chains with
prescription dispensing such as Loblaws, Sobey s and Real
Canadian Superstore. 

We
believe we will be well positioned to compete against many drug
store chains, as well as supermarkets, mass merchandisers and
independent drug stores by concentrating on providing high levels
of professional service and a diverse product
selection.  The Company believes that consumers will pay
for its value-added services and will be attracted to its large
selection of home health care products and home delivery
infrastructure. 

US Competition 

The
distribution and manufacture of healthcare supplies and equipment
is highly competitive.  Many of the healthcare
distribution products we sell are available to our customers from a
number of other suppliers.  In addition, our competitors
could obtain exclusive rights from manufacturers to market
particular products.  Manufacturers also could seek to
sell directly to end-users, and thereby eliminate or reduce our
role and that of other distributors. 

In
North America, we compete with distributors, as well as several
manufacturers primarily on the basis of price, breadth of product
line, customer service and value-added products and services. Our
primary competitors in the sale of medical products are the General
Medical division of McKesson Corp., PSS World Medical, Inc. and the
Allegiance division of Cardinal Health, Inc., which are national
distributors. 

Significant
price reductions by our competitors could result in a similar
reduction in our prices.  Any of these competitive
pressures may materially adversely affect our operating
results. 

Brick
and mortar senior specialty stores - Generally speaking senior
supply brick and mortar retail stores focus on high-end expensive
equipment.  Retails stores catering to seniors also
provide very little price comparison or depth of
product.  They tend to focus on durable medical equipment
items from one or two wholesalers and tend to focus on products
that are covered by Medicare. 

Large
Chains - Increasingly with Walgreens, CVS, and Walmart are entering
the smaller ticket item Durable Medical Equipment and Products
areas, but their brand and product selection at any one store is
limited.  Many seniors in many States do not live near
major cities and don t have easy access to retail stores for
their medical needs.    With very little
visibility consumers are turning to the internet for their home
medical supplies.  

6 |
Page 

Senior
Websites - The biggest advantage derived by seniors, their care
givers and family from using the internet is price comparison,
product selection and reach (i.e. access to seniors who are not
able to get to or drive to a retail location nearby).  Today
there are numerous companies on the web catering to the senior
market.  They fall or position themselves into four
areas: 

Durable Medical
Product Companies who cover a wide range of products and
predominately are resellers. 

Lifestyle
Companies who position themselves as a place to purchase luxury
Senior care products 

Specialized web
and TV direct response business sites specialize in certain areas
such as Diabetes Care or Wheelchair/Power Chair
mobility 

Content companies
  that provide knowledge, content and care. Companies such as
agingcare.com 

Growth Markets 

Respiratory Diseases 

According
to COPD International, over 16 million people in the U.S. have
respiratory diseases, including chronic obstructive lung disease,
asthma, and chronic bronchitis. In 2002, these diseases had a total
estimated cost of over $32.1 billion. In 2001, the NHBLI reports
12.1 million adults 25 and older were diagnosed with these diseases
and as many as 14 million remain undiagnosed. These ailments
require frequent treatment with oral medications and/or aerosol
medications, which require a compressor or atomizing device during
preparation. 

Diabetes 

Diabetes
is the seventh leading cause of death among Americans, accounts for
$98 billion in medical costs and lost productivity each year,
according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(cdc.org). In recent years, cases of type 2 ( adult
onset ) diabetes have been on the rise in the United States;
it is now considered a national epidemic. We intend to launch an
aggressive campaign to build up this sector of our
business. 

Mastectomy Supplies 

Mastectomy
supplies typically generate substantial revenues and high gross
margins for home health care providers. Mastectomy products include
items such as the prosthesis and special bras, sleep and swimwear.
According to the National Institute of Health, breast cancer
treatment costs nearly $7 billion. 

Regular
screening mammographies and self-examinations can result in
increased early detection and treatment. With improved diagnostic
and treatment technologies, survival rates are increasing,
resulting in a rising number of post-mastectomy consumers for
longer repeat purchase periods. 

Ostomy Products 

An
ostomy is a surgically created opening in the body, which allows
body fluids or excrement to escape into a collection
device.  Product focus areas including two piece,
drainable pouches, cohesive seals, skin barrier protective
products, irrigation products, tapes, adhesives and deodorants and
accessories.  Ostomy and Incontinence products market is
expected to reach $11.2 billion by 2017, according to Global
Industry Analysts. 

Incontinence   Urological 

The
larger consumer base for adult incontinence, combined with this
growth, has created opportunities for new products in the segment
that respond to three major requirements comfort, discretion
and ease of use. As sufferers of incontinence seek more active
lifestyles, they are demanding products that can work with them as
they go about their daily lives. 

Durable Medical Equipment 

To
address the growing senior market, our online site,
Leadingmedicalproducts, carries a full spectrum of durable medical
equipment, including: 

Bath
related Products key products, include: bidets, portable showers,
wheel chair showers, bath traction, bidet accessories, inflatable
bidets, inflatable commodes, bath in a bag, high-end bidet system
for toilets, and hemorrhoid toilet supports systems. 

Bed and
Sleeping aids key products, include: bed rails, wedge pillows,
mattress protectors, folding bed boards, air mattress overlays, bed
protection, incontinence bed products, bed rails, and a range of
beds for seniors 

Bariatric
key products include:  obesity aids, bariatric aids,
bariatric box-springs, bariatric ring cushions, bariatric home
equipment, and extra large blood pressure cuffs. 

7 |
Page 

Power Mobility Sales 

As the
population ages, people s ability to walk and move around can
be diminished, creating increased demand for power mobility
equipment, such as power wheelchairs and scooter. 

Operations 

Product Sourcing 

As
sales increase, we believe that we will be in a position to
negotiate large discounts from its suppliers indicating
manufacturer confidence in our company.  We will also
source products from FDA approved manufacturers in China for
private label purposes. We are also developing direct from
manufacturer sourcing programs. 

If our
supplier is no longer carrying a given product:  we may
suppress the product altogether.  We may keep the product
on as a means to attract customers who may be interested in a
discontinued product and then we up-sell them to the latest product
from the same manufacturer.  We have found that in many
cases it is good to keep even discontinued older models active on
our site.   We also learn which products have been
discontinued where there is demand and that may result in us
considering finding or re developing such product direct from
MFG. 

We plan
to carry a wide selection of products for post-operative and
healthcare, and ranging from the following: 

Aids To
Daily Living, Ambulatory Products, Bath Safety, Bed Accessories,
Catheters, Core Wound Care, Diabetic, Diagnostic equipment, Enteral
Nutrition-Feeding, Home Diagnostics, Incontinence, Lift Chairs /
Geri Chairs, IV Supplies, Needles / Syringes, Orthopedics, Ostomy,
Pain Management, Patient Lifts   Acc, Personal Protection /
Gloves, Professional Use and Diagnostics, Respiratory, Scooters
  Accessories, Seating / Cushions, Specialty Medical Equipment
  Accessories, Tracheostomy Care,  Urologicals /
Collection Device, Specialty Wound Care, Wheelchairs Accessories,
and Womens-Infant Products. 

Inventory 

Currently,
we are working on a cash basis with our suppliers and we have
multiple suppliers to facilitate our purchases, therefore we do not
have any formal agreements with our suppliers.  Each
supplier will handle the shipping of our product once the order is
received.  Our suppliers carry in excess of 10,000
products and with the drop-ship arrangements we will be able to
operate more efficiently, and easily update and change our product
mix based on changes in online demand for our products without
having to financial risk of carrying inventory. Currently we have
purchase accounts set up with Invacare, Briggs Healthcare and
Complete Medical Supplies. As our operations increase we intend to
formalize relationships with additional suppliers and will attempt
to set up net 30-day terms with most suppliers. 

System Management 

We
currently offer about 3,900 products through our website. In
partnership with various vendors we plan to add another 6,000
products over the next 12 months.  To optimize and keep
current the pricing and product details we are running a routine
database extraction mapping and rationalizing program outlined in
some detail below. 

We do
not have any formal agreements in place with our suppliers.
Currently, we have accounts set up with multiple wholesale
distributors enabling us to make purchases with them. Since there
are various vendors that we can make purchases from, we do not
believe it is necessary to formalize any long-term contracts with
any particular vendor. 

We map
the Leadingmedicalproducts Website to our preferred suppliers
products  database that contain a total of more than 10,000
unique products with all the latest pricing.  This
database is updated monthly by the supplier.  Our
programs extract the latest pricing and flag which products have
been discontinued. 

During
our weekly product and pricing reviews we make decisions based on
our database scan of our vendors systems.  Each situation
is unique and we assess the best strategy in terms of merchandising
optimization.  Scenarios that we evaluate and decision we
make, include the following: 

Optimizing Margins and Pricing 

As a
discounter we will need to make at least 23 % gross margin on any
order after paying back the supplier and the paying other
transaction costs.  We use a rules based system to track
and optimize profits and margins.  We create and model
numerous profitability scenarios daily by product, brand, region
and inventory. 

New
Product Uploads:  Our multi-vendor database is designed
to correctly manage wholesalers data feeds to our database and
shopping cart template, as well as upload data files and images
feeds from third party FTP sites.  These business rules
enable us to categorize product correctly, guaranteeing that all
products and images are properly visible and place correctly, and
key word search terms are added on a timely basis to optimize
search engine marketing. 

Website Daily Maintenance   Support 

We
outsource our Website s daily maintenance including new
product uploading, shipping code management and updates from
various vendors, management of our Access database, daily website
HTML support and various updates and edits to the front-end of the
website as needed. 

8 |
Page 

Website Product Management 

To
streamline operations we have a strategic partner responsible for
uploading data files and image feeds manually and from third party
FTP sites to the Leadingmedicalproducts website.  Their
responsibilities include categorizing product correctly,
guaranteeing that all products and images are properly visible and
located in correct sub-categories on our website, making sure that
the correct key word search terms are added in our shopping cart
for each product, and matching correct shipping code and rates
provided by different vendor. 

Customer Service 

There
is a knowledge gap and fear today as elder citizens and their
families fend for themselves through a range of medical
complications.  This provides an opportunity for a
trusted knowledge service provider who will take the time to listen
and solve problems specific to each customer s unique product
needs and concerns.  Many medical needs for senior
citizens are chronic, and life-long but are not life
threatening.  This creates a long term annuity business
opportunity. 

Customer Inquiry Management 

We plan
to establish an operating team to handle inbound customer calls in
the US and Canada during the working hours from 8-8 pm
Pacific.  We will begin extended hours and provide
support service for International inquiries in the second half of
our operating year once we develop quality level standards that are
consistent across multiple markets.  We also plan
to launch a live 24-hour nursing service hotline and 24-hour
global customers handling by phone, email and chat within the first
six months of operations once funding has been
obtained. 

Level
1 - Simple questions that can be answered on the spot   i.e.
order status, delivery costs, etc. 

Level
2 - More complex (Needs Analysis) questions   that require
research with the wholesaler about availability, color, dimensions
etc 

Level
3 - Product inquiries (Problem Solving) that for items we do not
carry on our site, but may be able to source. This requires
significant research and may or may not be worth the investment.
Within one-hour from receiving customer call, we will complete
research from various vendors if needed, confirm product
availability and verify and product questions from the prospective
customer 

Customer - Privacy and Security 

Health
Advance has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this web
site. 

We do
not sell customer e-mail address or related information to third
parties and unless customers join our mailing list they will not
receive advertising e-mails from us. We track IP addresses for
security reasons to discourage fraudulent activity attempts. By
doing this we are making our customer shopping experience more safe
and secure. 

Our
site uses cookies to keep track of customers shopping cart for
multiple purchases while our customers are shopping with us. We do
not require our customers to open an account with us in order to
shop so each purchase session usually means you may need to
re-enter your information. 

Our
site's registration form requires users to give us contact
information, like their name and email address, and unique
identifiers. We use customer contact information from the
registration form to send the user information about purchases that
have been processed. The customer's contact information is also
used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed
to the mail list. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by
choosing to unsubscribe. 

This
site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such web
sites. 

Order Fulfillment 

Our
order fulfillment is handling systematically when we are working
with vendors whose systems can integrate with
Leadingmedicalproducts.  However, there are a number of
product vendors and wholesalers with whom we have not integrated
our systems. 

Currently,
management will process any order received.  The order
fulfillment process entails, checking and monitor for incoming
orders (during US business Hours), verifying product inventory
availability by calling wholesalers and checking their online
catalogue and handling any clarifications with customer before
charging their credit card. 

Returns 

We have
a general set of standards we use to manage our returns
process.  Returns are accepted for the full product
credit if received at our vendors warehouse within 30 days form the
date of purchase.  After 30 days, a minimum restocking fee of
15% will be applied to all returns.  Merchandise returns are
not accepted after 60 days from the date of purchase. 
Shipping cost refunds will not include reimbursing of the original
shipping fees.  The return process begins by calling our
1-800-854-7970 number or sending an email to
info@healthadvanceinc.com.  Return without an authorized
number or an expired authorization number will not be
accepted.  Return merchandise must be in the same unit of
measure as originally purchased. Refunds will not be granted for
merchandise unsuitable for resale.  

9 |
Page 

Sterile
items, incontinence, underwear, etc and product that are made
unsuitable for resale once opened are not returnable. Defective
merchandise will be repaired or replaced based on the
manufacturer s policy.  Our close-out and special
orders are not returnable. 

Shipping 

We will
have different drop-ship arrangements with each
supplier.  Generally we will allow each of our suppliers
to decide which shipping company to use for a particular
shipment.   For domestic shipment orders our
suppliers ship via Fedex, UPS Ground or United States Postal
Service Priority Mail depending on the size and weight of the
order.  Small orders generally ship Priority Mail. Large
orders generally ship by Fedex. Very small orders, at our
discretion, may be sent via First Class Mail with a reduced
shipping and handling charge. 

Health
Advance offers  auto-ship  on frequently consumed items
and we currently have an auto-ship program running for Incontinence
products.  At this time we do not offer free shipping as
part of a plan to be as upfront as possible about our pricing while
many companies build the shipping price into their products while
supposedly offering free shipping.  We would like to
offer the lowest possible product price therefore we charge
separately for shipping so the customer knows the exact cost of the
product and the exact cost of the shipping. 

International Shipments 

Shipping
charges for international orders vary greatly.  For
international shipping we have requested that customers email us
with the items they are interested in buying with their address and
the destination country. We email back international customers with
information on ordering, including shipping and handling
charges. 

The
Leadingmedicalproducts website is also planning to partner with
Bongo International Parcel and mail forwarding to service our
international customers.  Bongo International provides
its customers with their very own US address (not a P.O. Box). Once
customers have a US address, they will be able to make purchases at
our website as well as other US based online retailers. Bongo
receives customer orders and logs them into their online system
where they are consolidated with other orders.  This
process saves international customers up to 82% off typical
international shipping rates. 

Payment Handling 

We
accept payments today on a cash and carry basis that means we do
not accept or process Medicare or Medicaid payments.  For
our website business, Health Advance is setting up a merchant
account and processes American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and
Discover through the merchant service provider Merchant Warehouse,
Inc., and has set up a Paypal account. 

Warranties 

We act
as a reseller and as such our product liability is mitigated
through the warranty and liability coverage provided by the product
manufacturers and distributors we work with.  Each of our
supplier and manufacturers who sell on our site provide a minimum
of a one-year warranty on the products that we sell to protect the
consumer from product defects.  Health Advance will be an
authorized dealer for all of the home medical equipment we sell.
This means our customers can buy with knowing that the
manufacturers provide their manufacturer s warranty behind
all the products we sell.  Customers receive full
warranties from the manufacturers when a customer purchases a
product from Health Advance. 

Typically
the product manufacturers offer one-year warranty and product
coverage parts   labor on any internal-wear of components  
control-panel components.  Any other product defects are
addressed on an as-is basis. Customers can call our Toll-Free
telephone number and we will direct them to the needed manufacturer
to resolve their product warranty claims within the first
year.  After the first year we direct our customers
directly to the manufacturers. 

At this
time we do not sell or offer any extended product warranties on any
product we sell.  These programs may exist with
individual suppliers and from time to time we investigate this
option for a customer. 

Marketing and Sales 

Marketing and Brand Recognition 

Strategic
communications are central to building and reinforcing the Health
Advance brand. The Health Advance advertising, marketing and public
relations strategy are expected to be established by the
Company s management and, where appropriate, implemented with
the support of industry professionals. The Company s
marketing communications strategy will focus on both brand
awareness as well as more traditional product/price advertising.
Brand awareness advertising will focus on the Company s
health care services and private label products and is used to
communicate to consumers that Health Advance is a market leader in
terms of understanding consumer needs and bringing innovative
products and services to market. 

Market Segments 

We have
two distinct market channel segments:  B2B  
hospitals, elderly care facilities, hospitals, nursing facilities,
clinics, schools, and private business practices. B2C - nurse
practitioners, adult children of senior citizens and increasingly
the senior citizens themselves. 

10 |
Page 

Internet Sales and Home Delivery 

Health
Advance believes it can position itself to capitalize on e-commerce
opportunities through its user friendly, state of the art website
with the added benefit of the next day home delivery
infrastructure.  Health Advance s e-commerce
initiative will encompasses a dynamic web site configured to
provide a comprehensive shopping experience for both professionals
and customers. The web site is designed utilizing the latest in
technology web software and high-end graphics providing pictures
and descriptions of all items available for
sale.   

Professionals
will be able to either make purchases at a wholesale level or refer
clients to make their own purchases. Health Advance will offer
 auto-ship  on frequently consumed items. 

We are
also developing targeted marketing tie-ins with content providers
to create and distribute co-produced content for blog spots,
videos, webinars and internet direct response
Infomercials.  We also advertising on major search
engines, affiliate markets and link exchanges, and social media
sites that reach our target audiences.  We are also
increasingly using comparison shopping sites such as Amazon,
Shopzilla, Nextag, and Shopping.com. 

Sales Force 

Health
Advance will implement a strong sales force to call on our B2B
channels. B2B   hospitals, elderly care facilities,
hospitals, nursing facilities, clinics, schools, and private
business practices.  We believe success can be attained
through an aggressive promotional campaign tailored to the medical
profession.  Fast delivery, great prices, and
professional customer service will be our focus. 

Sales
reps will handle inbound calls to establish initial contact,
qualify the consumer, identify the need and close the sale.
Aggressive contact management efforts, outbound mailings and
outbound phone calls by sales reps on active leads and established
customers results in re-orders, cross selling opportunities and
higher conversion rates than traditional mail-order
businesses. 

Telemarketing 

Health
Advance will also use telemarketing to reach out to its B2C
customers and generate repeat sales within each market
segment.  We are in the process of launching a number of
outreach marketing programs targeting nurse practitioners, adult
children of senior citizens and increasingly the senior citizens
themselves. 

Web Site 

We are
looking at 6 approaches to the overall marketing.  Health
Advances  first priority to drive web traffic organically
through search engine optimization, online PR and social networking
campaigns and sustained initiative.  We will also
evaluate the value of making key word purchases when we run
campaign for a specific line of products.  Thirdly, we
will evaluate and test the return on investment from both direct
email marketing and affiliate marketing. 

Search
Engine Optimization 

Online
PR   blogging and other online events and media 

Social
Networking 

Direct
- email marketing 

Media
buys   keyword 

Affiliate
marketing 

Along
with other sales and marketing channels, successful search engine
optimization is a key approach to drive web traffic and improve
conversion for our web based property
Leadingmedicalproducts. 

Target
the right search terms and phrases that are getting typed into
search engines when consumers and professionals are looking for
products that we carry. The strategy we are employing is a niche
targeted marketing model.  This requires a niche
marketing approach where we focus in on a number of verticals and
invest in marketing and driving traffic to those specific product
lines. 

We will
link our web pages together so the search engine spiders can
navigate easily through our website. Key word anchor text linking
helps search engine spiders understand what we are offering from
our website and will give you the advantage in ranking in natural
search results. Keyword anchor text linking will be used as one of
the methods of improving search engine optimization. 

We have
a consultant working with us on a range of online PR initiatives
including writing producing, news articles, blogs, forums and press
releases that highlight new product developments across the range
of products line we carry.  Online PR is another avenue
for sending highly targeted visitors directly to our site and
compliment our search engine optimization strategy. 

Employees 

As of
July 31, 2016, we had two part-time consultants to the
Company. 

11 |
Page 

ITEM 1A.      RISK FACTORS 

Much of the information included in this annual report includes or
is based upon estimates, projections or other  forward
looking statements . Such forward looking statements include
any projections and estimates made by us and our management in
connection with our business operations. While these
forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are
based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment
regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost
always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions,
projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested
herein. 

Such estimates, projections or other  forward looking
statements  involve various risks and uncertainties as
outlined below. We caution the reader that important factors in
some cases have affected and, in the future, could materially
affect actual results and cause actual results to differ materially
from the results expressed in any such estimates, projections or
other  forward looking statements . 

We have a limited operating history that you can use to evaluate
us, and the likelihood of our success must be considered in light
of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays
frequently encountered by a small developing company. 

We were
incorporated in Wyoming in April 14, 2010. We have no significant
financial resources and nominal revenues to date. The
likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the
problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays
frequently encountered by a small developing company starting a new
business enterprise and the highly competitive environment in which
we will operate. Since we have a limited operating history, we
cannot assure you that our business will be profitable or that we
will ever generate sufficient revenues to meet our expenses and
support our anticipated activities. 

We will require financing to achieve our current business strategy
and our inability to obtain such financing could prohibit us from
executing our business plan and cause us to slow down our expansion
of operations. 

We will
need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or
sale of equity to achieve our current business strategy. Such
financing may not be available when needed. Even if such financing
is available, it may be on terms that are materially adverse to
your interests with respect to dilution of book value, dividend
preferences, liquidation preferences, or other terms. Our capital
requirements to implement our business strategy will be
approximately $500,000. Moreover, in addition to monies needed to
continue operations over the next twelve months, we anticipate
requiring additional funds in order to implement our plan of
operations. No assurance can be given that such funds will be
available or, if available, will be on commercially reasonable
terms satisfactory to us. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to obtain financing if and when it is needed on terms we deem
acceptable. 

If we
are unable to obtain financing on reasonable terms, we could be
forced to delay or scale back our plans for expansion. In addition,
such inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or
financial condition. 

Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to
continue as a going concern. 

Based
on our financial history since inception, our auditor has expressed
substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
During the year ended July 31, 2016 we have incurred a net loss of
$29,503 and have an accumulated deficit of $437,495as of July 31,
2016. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues from our services,
we may have to delay the implementation of our business
plan. 

Our future success is dependent, in part, on the performance and
continued service of Jordan Starkman, our sole officer and
director. Without his continued service, we may be forced to
interrupt or eventually cease our operations. 

We are
presently dependent to a great extent upon the experience,
abilities and continued services of Jordan Starkman, our
Company s Officer and Director. We currently do not have an
employment agreement with Mr. Starkman. The loss of his services
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operation. 

Our sole officer has a full time job which may interfere with his
responsibilities to us. 

Jordan
Starkman, our sole officer and director and only employee will not
be in a position to devote a substantial amount of his time to our
company.  Mr. Starkman believes that he can perform his
duties sufficiently on a part time basis. It is possible that our
plan of operations may be materially delayed to his limited work
schedule with us. 

We are selling our products in a highly competitive market and we
are unsure as to whether there will be any consumer demand for our
products. 

We
compete with companies that are larger and more capitalized than we
are. Our competitors may be able to seize the same market
opportunities that we are targeting. These competitors, either
alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing
business models that are more effective or have greater market
success than our own. The Company is especially susceptible to
larger manufacturers that invest more money in marketing. Moreover,
the market for our products is large but highly competitive. There
is little or no hard data that substantiates the demand for our
products or how this demand will be segmented. It is possible that
there will be low consumer demand for our products, or that
interest in our products could decline or die out, which would
cause us to be unable to sustain our operations.  The
availability of health care supplies at lower or more competitive
prices may cause potential customers to purchase products elsewhere
which would negatively impact our business. 

12 |
Page 

The ability to successfully deploy our business model is heavily
dependent upon economic conditions in the United States and
Canada. 

The
ability to successfully deploy our business model is heavily
dependent upon the general state of the US and Canadian economy. We
cannot assure you that favorable conditions will exist in the
future. A general economic recession in the United States and
Canada could have a serious adverse economic impact on us and our
ability to obtain funding and generate projected
revenues. 

The healthcare industry is experiencing changes that could
adversely affect our business. 

The
healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to changing
political, economic and regulatory influences.  In recent
years, the healthcare industry has undergone significant change
driven by various efforts to reduce costs, including the reduction
of spending budgets by government and private insurance programs,
such as Medicare, Medicaid and corporate health insurance plans;
pressures relating to potential healthcare reform; trends toward
managed care; consolidation of healthcare distribution companies;
consolidation of healthcare manufacturers; collective purchasing
arrangements and consolidation among office-based healthcare
practitioners; and changes in reimbursements to
customers.  Both our own profit margins and the profit
margins of our customers may be adversely affected by laws and
regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals and/or
medical treatments or services or changing the methodology by which
reimbursement levels are determined.  If we are unable to
react effectively to these and other changes in the healthcare
industry, our operating results could be adversely
affected.  In addition, the enactment of any significant
healthcare reforms could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

Expansion of group purchasing organizations ( GPO ) or
hospital purchasing power and the multi-tiered costing structure
may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

The
medical-products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing
structure, which can vary by manufacturer and/or product. Under
this structure, certain institutions are eligible for favorable
pricing of medical products. The multi-tiered costing structure
continues to expand as many large integrated healthcare providers
and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs, demand
more favorable pricing terms. This may threaten our ability to
compete effectively, which could negatively impact our results of
operations. Although we are seeking to obtain similar terms from
manufacturers and obtain access to lower prices demanded by GPO
contracts or other contracts, we cannot assure such terms will be
obtained or contracts will be executed. 

Because substantially all of the products that we intend to
distribute will not be manufactured by us, we will be dependent
upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of substantially
all of our products.  

We will
obtain substantially all of our products from third-party
suppliers. We do not expect to enter into long- term contracts
with our suppliers. Therefore, suppliers may not provide the
products we need in the quantities we request.  Because
we will not control the actual production of the products we intend
to sell, we may be subject to delays caused by interruption in
production based on conditions outside of our
control.  In the event that any of our intended
third-party suppliers were to become unable or unwilling to
continue to provide the products in required volumes, we would need
to identify and obtain acceptable replacement sources on a timely
basis.  There is no guarantee that we would be able to
obtain such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at
all.  An extended interruption in the supply of any of
our intended products, could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations, which most likely would adversely affect the value
of our common stock. 

Increases in the cost of shipping or service issues with our
third-party shippers could harm our business. 

We pass
through our shipping costs directly to our customers.  We
compete against store-front (retail) locations and if the shipping
costs escalate whereby the cost is not prohibitive for the customer
to shop online, we could potentially become less competitive
thereby affecting our sales.  Accordingly, any
significant increase in shipping rates could have an adverse effect
on our operating results.  Similarly, strikes or other
service interruptions by those shippers could cause our operating
expenses to rise and adversely affect our ability to deliver
products on a timely basis. 

Our revenues will depend on our relationships with capable sales
personnel as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers of the
products that we distribute. 

Our
future operating results will depend on our ability to maintain
satisfactory relationships with qualified sales personnel as well
as customers, suppliers and manufacturers.  If we fail to
maintain relationships with such persons or fail to acquire
relationships with such key persons in the future, our business may
be adversely affected. 

We may incur significant costs to be a public company to ensure
compliance with United States corporate governance and
accounting requirements and we may not be able to absorb such
costs. 

We may
incur significant costs associated with our public company
reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable
corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these
applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our
legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities
more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these
applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and
more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits
and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same
or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us
to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board
of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating
and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable
rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional
costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. In addition, we may
not be able to absorb these costs of being a public company which
will negatively affect our business operations. 

13 |
Page 

There is no assurance of an active public market or that the common
stock will ever actively trade on a recognized exchange. Therefore,
you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our
stock. 

There
is no established public trading market for our common stock. Our
shares are listed or quoted on the OTCPinks under the trading
symbol HADV. In the absence of an active trading market, an
investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. 

We do not intend to pay dividends and there will thus be fewer ways
in which you are able to make a gain on your
investment. 

We have
never paid dividends and do not intend to pay any dividends for the
foreseeable future. To the extent that we may require additional
funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our
funding sources may prohibit the declaration of dividends. Because
we do not intend to pay dividends, any gain on your investment will
need to result from an appreciation in the price of our common
stock. There will therefore be fewer ways in which you are able to
make a gain on your investment. 

Our common stock is considered a penny stock, which is subject to
restrictions on marketability, so you may not be able to sell your
shares.  

If our
common stock becomes tradable in the secondary market, we will be
subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and
Exchange Commission that require brokers to provide extensive
disclosure to their customers prior to executing trades in penny
stocks. These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction in the
trading activity of our common stock, which in all likelihood would
make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their
securities. 

Penny
stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than
$5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national
securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system). Penny stock
rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a
standardized risk disclosure document that provides information
about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and
offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the
broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer s account. 

The
broker-dealer must also make a special written determination that
the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of
trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security
that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional
burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may
discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our
securities, which could severely limit their market price and
liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the
ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect
your ability to resell our common stock. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has adopted
sales practice requirements which may also limit a shareholder's
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the "penny stock" rules described above, FINRA has
adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a
customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for
believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior
to recommending speculative low priced securities to their
non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable
efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial
status, tax status, investment objectives and other information.
Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is
a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not
be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it
more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers
buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell
our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for its
shares. 

We face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws
and financial reporting standards. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related new rules and
regulations implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, require changes
in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting
standards for public companies. These new laws, rules and
regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control over
financial reporting, referred to as Section 404, have materially
increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some
activities more time-consuming and more burdensome. 

Other Risks 

Trends, Risks and Uncertainties 

We have
sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks
to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent,
any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have
identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should
carefully consider all of such risk factors before making an
investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

14 |
Page 

ITEM 1B.      UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2.         PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive office location and mailing address is 3651
Lindell Rd. Suite #D155, Las Vegas, NV, 89103. Currently, this
space is sufficient to meet our office and telephone facility
needs; however, if we expand our business to a significant degree,
we will have to find a larger space.  In addition, the
Company has sub-let facilities in Toronto, Ontario sufficient
to sustain our office in Canada. 

ITEM 3.         LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal
proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to
time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any
such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
operating results. 

ITEM 4.         MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5.         MARKET
FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

No Public Market for Common Stock 

There
is no established current public market for the shares of our
common stock.  Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pinks
under symbol HADV.  Minimal trading has occurred through the
date of this filing. There can be no assurance that a liquid market
for our securities will ever develop. Transfer of our common stock
may also be restricted under the securities or blue sky laws of
various states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors
may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be
prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of
time.  

Holders 

As of
the July 31, 2016, we had 39 stockholders of our common
stock. 

Dividends 

Since
inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We
currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future on our common stock, when issued pursuant to
this offering. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any,
to finance the growth of our business, our Board of Directors will
have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the
future. 

Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital
requirements, and other factors, which our Board of Directors may
deem relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

As of
the end of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we do not have any
compensation plan under which equity securities of the Company are
authorized for issuance. 

ITEM
6.         SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information
required by this item. 

15 |
Page 

ITEM
7.         MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated audited financial statements and the related notes
that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following
discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our
plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed below. 

During
the year ended July 31, 2016 we have incurred a net loss of $29,503
and have an accumulated deficit of $437,495 as of July 31, 2016.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going-concern depends
upon its ability to raise adequate financing and develop profitable
operations. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues from our
services, we may have to delay the implementation of our business
plan. Management is actively targeting sources of additional
financing to provide continuation of the Company s
operations. In order for the Company to meet its liabilities as
they come due and to continue its operations, the Company is solely
dependent upon its ability to generate such financing. 

The
Company is actively seeking financing for its current business
operation.  The Company is optimistic that the financing
will be secured and the going concern risk will be
removed.  We are in discussions with various parties and
believe a successful financing is likely. Any capital raised will
be through either a private placement or a convertible debenture
and will result in the issuance of shares of common stock from the
Company s authorized capital.  

Our
consolidated audited financial statements are stated in United
States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Plan of Operation 

We were
incorporated on April 14, 2010 in Wyoming. Our business office is
located at 3651 Lindell Road, Suite D#155, Las Vegas, NV,
89103.  Our telephone number is 702-943-0309. We were
founded by Jordan Starkman, who serves as our President and
Director.  In addition, Domenico Pascazi was appointed as
a director in March 2011.  On February 12, 2013, Mr.
Pascazi resigned from his position as a member of the board of
directors. Mr. Pascazi s resignation was not a result of any
disagreement with the Company or its executive officers, or any
matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or
practices. 

We are
an on-line retailer of home medical products with operations in
Canada and the United States, and with administration and
infrastructure supported globally. In September 2015, the Company
launched a new e-commerce platform, leadingmedicalproducts.com. The
site features a new vibrant design with a fresh look, and offers
quick and easy access to essential product information that
provides a more comprehensive understanding of the Company s
product lines. Our strategy is to attract opportunities in the
health care industry through the development and growth of our
existing web site. We believe we can operate more cost efficiently
and compete as a discounter that delivers value and low cost
branded lines of home medical care products together with valuable
customer care that is currently missing in the
marketplace.  Our goal is to become our customers 
single source for low cost health care supplies, by meeting all of
our customer s needs. 

We
strive to offer health care professionals, medical distributors and
consumers the highest quality brands and products at the most
affordable prices. We expect to achieve this by forming
relationships with suppliers that will be able to provide us with
preferred prices once we are able to make bulk
purchases. 

In the
fiscal year of 2017, we plan to build our business across four key
product categories including: (1) respiratory, (2) diabetes, (3)
ostomy, and (4) mastectomy supplies.  Our growth plan is to
achieve net revenues within the first 12 months following our July
31, 2016 year end. 

We plan
to complete a financing in the fiscal year of 2017.  We
have not yet entered into any agreements with any parties with
respect to obtaining financing for the Company. 

If we
are unable to obtain financing on reasonable terms, we could be
forced to delay or scale back our plans for expansion. In addition,
such inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or
financial condition. 

If we
are able to obtain financing, we plan to implement both online and
offline marketing and customer engagement campaigns for both our
traditional durable medical products and our four key product areas
mentioned above. We intend to target consumers with on-line
marketing, and businesses, including various senior care
facilities, with direct mail, telemarketing and flyer campaigns.
Initially, we will target small to medium size facilities. We also
intend to launch our direct mail onsite flyer campaigns and
outbound calling campaigns in unison to increase the frequency and
awareness of Leadingmedicalproducts. We expect to replace and
expand any existing major wholesaler relationships we currently
work with by the beginning of year two following our July 31,
2016 year-end. Further, during this expected time frame, we plan to
establish direct-from-manufacturer programs for our four key growth
markets.  We intend to continue to run our durable
medical products business through the existing wholesaler
relationships given the large range of product SKUs in the durable
medical product category where we carry no less than a selection of
nearly 2,000 products. No steps have been taken thus far to secure
customers for our products. 

16 |
Page 

The
Company expects to start preparing for an online marketing campaign
our financing has secured.  The Company has a
relationship with AGS Cybertech located in India who will manage
and coordinate all of our online marketing efforts.  The
campaign will include internet banner ads, search engine
optimization, and social media optimization.  All banner
advertising will be strategically placed with various click per
view programs as part of our overall sales and marketing
plan. 

In our
key growth areas we plan to focus on reducing and concentrating the
number of product SKUs in each growth category in order to create
leverage with our supply chain across selected relationships with
respiratory, diabetes, ostomy and mastectomy
suppliers.  These new direct-from-manufacturer programs
will primarily be drop ship programs and will essentially result in
no new product inventory risks.  They will be
predominantly product substitution strategies where direct
manufacturers carry the inventory risk in order to get shelf space
within our business to consumer ecommerce
property  www.leadingmedicalproducts.com  and
other sales channels.  These programs will be based on
committed but non-binding contracted volume from us with each
manufacturer, but where the manufacturer still carries the
inventory, marketing investment, and the majority of the time
continues to handle drop shipments direct to our customers and
sales channels. 

The
first tranche of these direct from manufacturer programs is
expected to be with North America based manufacturers given a
tendency for higher quality product, margins and their ability to
handle inventory and direct shipments to our
customers.  We also plan to evaluate a select number of
overseas supplier relationships if we identify that a select
overseas direct supplier can and will meet our delivery, financing
and quality and return warranty terms.  As a result of
these supply chain improvements we expect to increase our net
revenues based on margin improvements of an average of 20-25% and
this does not include factoring in even higher margins if we choose
to source from overseas markets. 

We
expect that these new product launches will be outlined and planned
within the 2017 fiscal year and the beginning of fiscal year 2018,
once our financing is completed.  During the next 24
months following our 2016 year-end, we plan to work with our
manufacturing partners to develop and finalize no less than two new
product lines within each core product group for respiratory,
diabetes, ostomy and mastectomy supplies and launch them by the
second half of year 2.  Together with our manufacturer
partners we intend to develop and test market and then finalize our
packaging and product features and licensing requirements by the
end of July 2018. 

In
addition to attempting to achieve supply chain optimization by the
beginning of January 2018, which we intend to result in reduced
overall cost of goods, we also plan to drive top line growth with a
major marketing initiative for new products. No formal products
have been discussed as of yet. By the end of July 2018, we intend
to achieve the 3 key milestones outlined above including: (1)
entering into new growth markets, (2) optimizing our supply chain,
and (3) launching new product lines in our new growth from
existing product line sales in growth markets for respiratory,
diabetes, ostomy and mastectomy supplies through a margin optimized
supply chain; a contribution from our traditional durable medical
products businesses through existing wholesaler channels and from
new products launched. 

We have
estimated that we will incur minimum expenses equal to $15,000 in
the year following our July 31, 2016 year-end in order to maintain
our business operations.  However, if we conduct a
financing, we will devote the capital raised to operational
expenses as indicated below. The Company will attempt to complete a
financing for a minimum of $500,000 within the 12-month period
following the Company s 2016 year-end.  Any capital
raised will be through either a private placement or a convertible
debenture and will result in the issuance of common shares from the
Company s authorized capital. 

The
above represents our Managements best estimate of our cash
requirements based on our business plans and current market
conditions. The above is based on our ability to raise sufficient
financing and generate adequate revenues to meet our cash flow
requirements.  The actual allocation between expenses may
vary depending on the actual funds raised and the industry and
market conditions over the next 12 months following our July 31,
2016 year-end. 

17 |
Page 

The
Company is currently negotiating financing in the amount of
$500,000 to further the Company s business
operations.  Any capital raised will likely be through
either a private placement or a convertible debenture and will
likely result in the issuance of common shares from the
Company s authorized capital. 

If we
are able to complete a financing through a private offering for a
minimum of $500,000 within the 12 month period following our July
31, 2016 year-end, we expect to replace and expand any existing
major wholesaler relationships we currently work with by the
beginning of year two following our July 31, 2016 year-end.
Further, during this expected time frame, we plan to establish
direct-from-manufacturer programs for our four key growth markets
in order to achieve improved margin of between
25-35%.  We will continue, however, to run our durable
medical products business through the existing wholesaler
relationships given the large range of product SKUs in the durable
medical product category where we carry no less than a selection of
nearly 2,000 products. 

Results of Operations for the years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015 

For the
years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015, we had no
sales.   

Net
loss was $29,503 for year ended July 31, 2016 and $67,551 for year
ended July 31, 2015, respectively. The decrease in operating
expenses from consulting fees was the sole contributing factor for
the decreased loss during the year. 

Operating
expenses for the years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015 were
$29,503 and $67,300, respectively. The operating expenses were
primarily attributed to professional fees and general
expenses. 

Professional fees 

Professional
fees for the year ended July 31, 2016 was $25,136 compared to
$35,032 for the year ended July 31, 2015. The expenses mainly
represent legal charges and the professional fees from
auditors. 

Consulting and management fees 

Consulting
and management fees for the year ended July 31, 2016 was $nil
compared to $20,000 for the year ended July 31, 2015. This mainly
represented charge for the estimated shareholder services with a
corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital. From the
current year no such services were provided by the shareholder due
to lack of financing in the Company. 

Rent and occupancy and office and general 

During
the year ended July 31, 2016, the shareholder decided to
discontinue charging rent and consultancy fees due to lack of
financing in the Company. 

During
the year ended July 31, 2015, the Company carried out its
operations from premises sub-let from a shareholder. The rent
of this premises and other general and administrative expenses
charged by the shareholder during the year ended July 31, 2015 was
$8,400, $7,200 classified as rent and occupancy and $1,200
classified under office and general. The decrease in rent and
occupancy and office and general expenses is due to lack of
financing in the Company. 

During
the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, we had no provision for
income taxes due to the net operating losses incurred. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of
July 31, 2016, we had working capital deficit of $159,395 (July 31,
2015: $129,892). 

The
Company is currently seeking funding for our continued
operations.  The Company intends to raise a minimum of
$500,000 and a maximum of $1,000,000 in order to continue the
introduction of the www.leadingmedicalproducts.com  e-commerce
site to the retail community and health care community.  To
achieve our goals the Company expects to commit the majority of its
funding to the advertising of the Company s web site. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to raise the capital
required to complete its goal and objectives and the Company is
currently seeking capital to further its business
plan.  We will likely to raise funds through either debt
or issuing shares of our common stock in order to achieve our
business goals. The issuance of additional shares or securities
convertible into any such shares by us, any shares issued would
dilute the percentage ownership of our current stockholders. There
are no agreements with any parties at this point in time for
additional funding; however, we are in discussions with various
funders in the United States. 

We
believe we can satisfy our cash requirements for the next twelve
months with our expected revenues and if needed an additional loan
from our director, Jordan Starkman.  We cannot assure
investors that adequate revenues will be generated and there
is no current loan commitment in place between the Company and
Jordan Starkman. However, the success of our operations is
dependent on attaining adequate revenue. In the absence of our
projected revenues, we may be unable to proceed with our plan of
operations or we may require financing to achieve our profit,
revenue, and growth goals. 

18 |
Page 

We
anticipate that our fixed costs made up of legal   accounting
and general   administrative expenses for the next 12 months
will total approximately $25,000.  Legal and accounting
expenses of $15,000 represents the minimum funds needed to sustain
operations. The $25,000 will be financed through the
Company s cash on hand, additional financing, net sales and
if needed, an advance from our officer and director, Jordan
Starkman.  We do not anticipate the purchase or sale of any
significant equipment. We also do not expect any significant
additions to the number of employees, until financing is
raised.  The foregoing represents our best estimate of
our cash needs based on our current business
condition.  

The
exact allocation, purposes and timing of any monies raised in
subsequent private financings may vary significantly depending upon
the exact amount of funds raised and our progress with the
execution of our business plan.  It is currently expected
that the Company will spend an additional $175,000 in variable
costs relating to marketing and business development that will be
funded from future financings. 

In the
event we are not successful in reaching our initial revenue
targets, we will need additional funds to proceed with our business
plan for the development and marketing of our core services. Should
this occur, we would likely seek additional financing to support
the continued operation of our business. We anticipate that
depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we may
incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our
auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do
not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A.      QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information
required by this item.  

19 |
Page 

ITEM
8.         FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JULY 31, 2016 

CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

21 

Balance
Sheets 

22 

Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

23 

Statements
of Stockholders' Deficiency 

24 

Statements
of Cash Flows 

25 

Notes
to the Financial Statements 

26 -
32 

20 |
Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the
Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Health
Advance Inc. 

We have
audited the accompanying balance sheets of Health Advance Inc. [the
 Company ] as of July 31, 2016, and 2015 and the
related statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
stockholders' deficiency and cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended July 31, 2016.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States).  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  The Company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting.  Our audits include consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstance, but not
for expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial
reporting.  Accordingly, we express no such
opinion.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our
opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as
of July 31, 2016, and 2015 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
July 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has significant
operating losses, is in the development stage with no established
source of revenue and is dependent on its ability to raise capital
from shareholders or other sources to sustain operations, which
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern.  The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.   

Richmond
Hill, Ontario, Canada 

November
29, 2016 

/s/ SRCO Professional
Corporation  

CHARTERED
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS 

Authorized
to practise public accounting by the 

Chartered
Professional Accountants of Ontario 

21 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

AS AT JULY 31, 

(Expressed in United States Dollars) 

See accompanying notes 

22 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015 

(Expressed in United States Dollars) 

See accompanying notes 

23 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015 

(Expressed in United States Dollars) 

See accompanying notes 

24 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015 

(Expressed in United States Dollars) 

See
accompanying notes 

25 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS AT JULY 31, 2016 

1.     NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND
ORGANIZATION  

Health
Advance Inc. (the "Company" or "Health Advance") was incorporated
in the State of Wyoming on April 14, 2010. The Company is an online
retailer of home medical products with operations in Canada and the
US.   

2.     BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The
financial statements of the Company have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America ( US GAAP ) and are expressed
in United States Dollars ( USD ). 

3.     GOING CONCERN 

These
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will
continue on a going concern basis. The Company has incurred losses
since inception and as at July 31, 2016 has an accumulated deficit
of $437,495 (2015: $407,992) and working capital deficiency of
$159,395 (2015: $129,892) and the ability of the Company to
continue as a going concern depends upon its ability to develop
profitable operations and to continue to raise adequate financing
(also refer Note 10). Management is actively targeting sources of
additional financing to provide continuation of the Company s
operations. In order for the Company to meet its liabilities as
they become due and to continue its operations, the Company is
solely dependent upon its ability to generate such
financing. 

There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to
raise funds, in which case the Company may be unable to meet its
obligations. Should the Company be unable to realize its assets and
discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business, the net
realizable value of its assets may be materially less than the
amounts recorded in these financial statements. 

These
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue in existence.  

4.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES 

The
accounting policies of the Company are in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.  Presented below are those policies considered
particularly significant: 

Cash 

Cash
includes cash on hand and balances with banks. 

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Areas involving significant estimates and
assumptions include: deferred income tax assets and related
valuation allowance and accruals. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. These estimates are reviewed periodically, and, as
adjustments become necessary, they are reported in earnings in the
period in which they become known. 

26 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS AT JULY 31, 2016 

Earnings or Loss Per Share 

The
Company has adopted the Financial Accounting Standards
Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) Topic 260-10 which provides for
calculation of  basic  and  diluted 
earnings per share. Basic earnings per share includes no dilution
and is computed by dividing net income or loss available to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the
potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings
of an entity. Diluted earnings per share exclude all potentially
dilutive shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. There were no
potentially dilutive shares outstanding as at July 31, 2016 and
2015. 

Comprehensive Income 

The
Company follows the guidance in ASC 220, Comprehensive Income. ASC
220 establishes standards for the reporting and presentation of
comprehensive income and its components in a full set of
consolidated financial statements.  Comprehensive income
is presented in the statements of changes in stockholders' equity
(deficit), and consists of unrealized gains (losses) on available
for sale marketable securities and foreign currency translation
adjustments.  ASC 220 requires only additional
disclosures in the financial statements and does not affect the
Company's financial position or results of operations. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC 820
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair
value and expands required disclosure about fair value measurements
of assets and liabilities. ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the
exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
ASC 820-10 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard
describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair
value: 

Level 1
  Valuation based on quoted market prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2
  Valuation based on quoted market prices for similar assets
and liabilities in active markets. 

Level 3
  Valuation based on unobservable inputs that are supported
by little or no market activity, therefore requiring
management s best estimate of what market participants would
use as fair value. 

In
instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is
based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy,
the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair
value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The
Company s assessment of the significance of a particular
input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or
liability. 

Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market
assumptions and pertinent information available to management. The
respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial
instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term
nature of these instruments or interest rates that are comparable
to market rates. These financial instruments include cash and
accounts payable. The Company's cash, which is carried at fair
value, is classified as a Level 1 financial instrument. The
Company s bank accounts are maintained with financial
institutions of reputable credit, therefore, bear minimal credit
risk. 

27 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS AT JULY 31, 2016 

Income Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740. The
Company provides for federal and provincial income taxes payable,
as well as for those deferred because of the timing differences
between reporting income and expenses for financial statement
purposes versus tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in
the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recoverable or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates is
recognized as income or expense in the period of the change. A
valuation allowance is established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred income tax assets to the amount that is more likely than
not to be realized. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

The
functional currency of the Company is USD. Transactions denominated
in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at
the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange
rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and
liabilities are translated using the historical rate on the date of
the transaction. All exchange gains or losses arising from
translation of these foreign currency transactions are included in
net income (loss) for the year. The translation gains and losses
resulting from the changes in exchange rates are reported in
accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss). 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The
Company accounts for share-based payments in accordance with the
provision of ASC 718, which requires that all share-based payments
issued to acquire goods or services, including grants of employee
stock options, be recognized in the statement of operations based
on their fair values, net of estimated forfeitures. ASC 718
requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and
revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
differ from those estimates. Compensation expense related to
share-based awards is recognized over the requisite service period,
which is generally the vesting period. 

The
Company accounts for stock based compensation awards issued to
non-employees for services, as prescribed by ASC 718-10, at either
the fair value of the services rendered or the instruments issued
in exchange for such services, whichever is more readily
determinable, using the guidelines in ASC 505-50. The Company
issues compensatory shares for services including, but not limited
to, executive, management, accounting, operations, corporate
communication, financial and administrative consulting
services. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In
March 2016, the Company adopted the accounting pronouncement issued
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") to update
guidance on how companies account for certain aspects of
share-based payments to employees. This pronouncement is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. This
guidance requires all income tax effects of awards to be recognized
in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled and
changes the presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement of
cash flows.  

28 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS AT JULY 31, 2016 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (continued) 

The Company adopted these provisions on a prospective basis. In
addition, this pronouncement changes guidance on: (a) accounting
for forfeitures of share-based awards and (b) employers 
accounting for an employee s use of shares to satisfy the
employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation. The
adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on
the financial position and/or results of operations. 

In February 2016, an accounting pronouncement was issued by the
FASB to replace existing lease accounting guidance. This
pronouncement is intended to provide enhanced transparency and
comparability by requiring lessees to record right-of-use assets
and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet for most
leases. Expenses associated with leases will continue to be
recognized in a manner similar to current accounting guidance. This
pronouncement is effective for annual and interim periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The
adoption is required to be applied on a modified retrospective
basis for each prior reporting period presented. The Company has
not yet determined the effect that the adoption of this
pronouncement may have on the financial position and/or results of
operations. 

On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted the accounting
pronouncement issued by the FASB to update the guidance related to
the presentation of debt issuance costs. This guidance requires
debt issuance costs, related to a recognized debt liability, be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of the related debt liability rather than being
presented as an asset. The Company adopted this pronouncement on a
retrospective basis, and the adoption did not have a material
impact on the financial position and/or results of
operations. 

In November 2015, an accounting pronouncement was issued by the
FASB to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes within
the balance sheet. This pronouncement eliminates the requirement
that deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented as current
or noncurrent based on the nature of the underlying assets and
liabilities. Instead, the pronouncement requires all deferred tax
assets and liabilities, including valuation allowances, be
classified as noncurrent. This pronouncement is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted. The Company intends to adopt this pronouncement on
January 1, 2017, and the adoption will not have a material impact
on the financial position and/or results of
operations.  

5.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The
transactions with related parties were in the normal course of
operations and were measured at the exchange value which
represented the amount of consideration established and agreed to
by the parties. Related party transactions not disclosed elsewhere
in these financial statements are as follows: 

a. 

The
Company recorded $nil and $7,200 as rent and occupancy expense
charged by a shareholder for the years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The Company also recorded $nil and $1,200 as
office and general expense charged by a shareholder in respect
of certain administrative services for the years ended July
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, the Company has
recorded $nil and $18,000 as consulting expense charged by a
shareholder for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. These consulting charges have been debited to
consulting and management fees with corresponding credit to
additional paid in capital. No consulting charges were recorded
during the year ended July 31, 2016 due to lack of financing during
the year. 

29 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS AT JULY 31, 2016 

6.     STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIENCY 

COMMON STOCK - AUTHORIZED 

As at
July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has 500,000,000 authorized
shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per
share. 

COMMON STOCK - ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING 

Company s
outstanding 24,520,000 shares of common stock ($24,520) as at July
31, 2016 and July 31, 2015 consisted of the following: 

On
April 14, 2010, the Company issued 14,000,000 shares of common
stock at $0.0001 per share to the founding shareholder for total
cash proceeds of $1,400.  

During
fiscal 2011, the Company completed non-brokered private placements
of 920,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for total
cash proceeds of $9,200. 

During
fiscal 2011, the Company issued 6,500,000 common stock for legal,
consulting and web design services and directors
fees.  These services were valued at $0.01 per
share.   

On
November 1, 2011, the Company issued 1,500,000 shares of common
stock for professional services rendered.  These services
were valued at $15,000. 

On July
18, 2012 the Company issued 1,600,000 shares at $0.01 per share for
a total cash proceeds of $16,000. 

COMMON STOCK   TO BE ISSUED 

The
Company s 6,790,000 common stock to be issued amounting to
$67,500 as at July 31, 2016 consist of the following: 

In
November 2012, the Company agreed to issue 2,000,000 shares of
common stock at an issue price of $0.005 per share for total cash
proceeds of $10,000. 

In
December 2012, the Company agreed to issue 1,000,000 shares of
common stock valued at $0.01 per share for a total value of $10,000
for web design services and repairs.   

In
January 2013, the Company agreed to issue 500,000 shares of common
stock valued at $0.01 per share for a total value of $5,000 for
consulting services. 

In
March 2013, the Company agreed to issue 800,000 shares of common
stock at an issue price of $0.01 per share for total cash proceeds
of $8,000. 

In June
2013, the Company agreed to issue 350,000 shares of common stock at
an issue price of $0.01 per share for total cash proceeds of
$3,500. 

In
October 2013, the Company agreed to issue 1,600,000 shares of
common stock at an issue price of $0.0025 per share for total cash
proceeds of $4,000. 

In
April 2014, the Company agreed to issue 40,000 shares of common
stock at an issue price of $0.05 per share for total cash proceeds
of $2,000. 

In
August 2014, the Company agreed to issue 500,000 shares of common
stock at an issue price of $0.05 per share for total cash proceeds
of $25,000. 

30 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS AT JULY 31, 2016 

7.     SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW
INFORMATION 

During
the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no interests or
taxes paid by the Company. 

8.     INCOME TAXES 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-20.
ASC 740-20 prescribes the use of the liability method whereby
deferred tax asset and liability account balances are determined
based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases
of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax
rates. The effects of future changes in tax laws or rates are not
anticipated. 

Under
ASC 740-20 income taxes are recognized for the following: a) amount
of tax payable for the current year, and b) deferred tax
liabilities and assets for future tax consequences of events that
have been recognized differently in the financial statements than
for tax purposes. 

The
Company has income tax losses available to be applied against
future years  income as a result of the losses incurred since
inception.  However, due to the losses incurred in the
period and expected future operating results, management determined
that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset
resulting from the tax losses available for carry forward will not
be realized through the reduction of future income tax
payments.  Accordingly a 100% valuation allowance has
been recorded for income tax losses available for carry
forward.  

The
provision for income taxes reconciles to the amount obtained by
applying the statutory income tax rate of approximately 38% (2015:
38%) to income before provision for taxes as follows: 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred taxes are provided on a liability method whereby deferred
tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and
operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and deferred tax
liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences.
Temporary differences are the differences between the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax
assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of
management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws
and rates on the date of enactment. 

Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of
July 31: 

As at
July 31, 2016, the Company has approximately $249,204 (2015 -
$237,992) of non-capital losses available to offset future taxable
income. These losses are expected to expire by the year
2036. 

31 |
Page 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS AT JULY 31, 2016 

9.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Credit Risk 

Credit
risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or third party
to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual
obligations. The Company is not significantly exposed to this risk
as generally it does not have any significant amount of
cash. 

Currency Risk 

The
Company is exposed to financial risk related to the fluctuation of
foreign exchange rates.   The Company's functional
currency is U.S. dollars.  A significant change in the
currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar relative to the
Canadian dollar could have an effect on the Company's results of
operations, financial position and cash flows.  However,
due to limited number of transactions, the Company is not exposed
to this risk.     

Liquidity Risk 

Liquidity
risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its
financial obligations as they fall due.  The Company has
a planning and budgeting process in place to help determine the
funds required to support the Company's normal operating
requirements on an ongoing basis and its expansionary
plans.  The Company ensures that there are sufficient
funds to meet its short-term business requirements, taking into
account its anticipated cash flows from operations and its holdings
of cash. 

Fair Values 

The
Company's financial instruments consist of cash, bank indebtedness
and accounts payable and accrued liabilities and advances from a
stockholder.  Unless otherwise noted, it is management's
opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest,
currency or credit risks arising from these financial
instruments.  The fair values of these financial
instruments approximate their carrying values due to the short-term
maturity of these instruments. 

10.     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

The
Company s management has evaluated subsequent events up to
November 29, 2016, the date the financial statements were issued,
pursuant to the requirements of ASC 855 and has determined the
following material subsequent events to report: 

On October 2, 2016, the Company signed a definitive agreement
("Definitive Agreement") to acquire 100% interest in the web
domain   www.discountseniorsupply.com  .
As a result of the acquisition, Health Advance will also have the
license to the interspire e-commerce shopping cart, the supplier
relationships, a team located in India that would manage the
e-commerce web business and provide customer support along with
marketing reports and updates. Pursuant to the Definitive
Agreement, on closing the Company will issue 400,000 shares of
common stock of Health Advance and a one-time cash payment of
$10,000 representing the total purchase price of
DiscountSeniorSupply. The Company expects the transaction to close
by December 15, 2016.  

On October 7, 2016, the Company announced it is launching its first
private label product. The Company will begin to market Tamanu Oil
under   discounttamanuoil.com 
 and   bestoiloftamanu.com 
 starting October 11, 2016.
Furthermore, the Company expects to enter into distribution
agreements with national and international distributers in the
coming months.  

On
October 13, 2016, the Company entered into a share exchange
agreement (the  Share Exchange Agreement ) with Hantian
Labs Limited., a corporation existing under the laws of the United
Kingdom ( Hantian Labs ) to acquire all of the issued
and outstanding shares of Hantian Labs. Pursuant to the Share
Exchange Agreement, the Company will acquire from Hantian Labs one
hundred percent (100%) interest in Hantian Labs and its controlling
subsidiaries. In consideration for the Share Exchange Agreement,
the Company shall issue to Hantian Labs 1.5 common shares of the
Company for each share of Hantian Labs issued and outstanding at
the time of closing. As a closing condition to the Share Exchange
Agreement, Hantian Labs is required to complete a financing of a
minimum of $250,000 for the marketing of Hantian Labs 
product line. 

On
October 31, 2016, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of
intent to acquire certain proprietary product formulations for the
manufacture of generic drugs. The Company expects to enter into a
definitive agreement by the end of 2016. 

32 |
Page 

ITEM
9.         CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A.      CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
( Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an
evaluation, with the participation of the Company s
management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer
( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO )
(the Company s principal financial and accounting officer),
of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that
evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under
the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
the Company s management, including the Company s CEO
and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure, due to the material weaknesses identified
below. 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition,
the design of any control system is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these
and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for
the Company.  Our internal control system was designed
to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s
management and board regarding the preparation and fair
presentation of published financial statements, but because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework
in  Internal Control  
Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the
Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected. 

In the
course of management's assessment, we have identified the following
material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting: 

Segregation of Duties    As a result of limited
resources, we did not maintain proper segregation of incompatible
duties, namely the lack of an audit committee, an understaffed
financial and accounting function, and the need for additional
personnel to prepare and analyze financial information in a timely
manner and to allow review and on-going monitoring and enhancement
of our controls. The effect of the lack of segregation of duties
potentially affects multiple processes and procedures. 

33 |
Page 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting (continued) 

Maintenance of Current Accounting Records   We may
from time to time fail to maintain our records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the
Company. This weakness specifically affects the payments and
purchase cycle and therefore we failed to maintain effective
internal controls over the completeness and cut off of accounts
payable, expenses and other capital transactions. 

Application of GAAP    We did not maintain
effective internal controls relating to the application of
generally accepted accounting principles in accounting for
transactions in a foreign currency. 

We are
in the continuous process of improving our internal control over
financial reporting in an effort to eliminate these material
weaknesses through improved supervision and training of our staff,
but additional effort is needed to fully remedy these deficiencies.
Management has engaged a Certified Public Accountant as a
consultant to assist with the financial reporting process in an
effort to mitigate some of the identified weaknesses. The Company
is still in its development stage and intends on hiring the
necessary staff to address the weaknesses once revenue has been
realized. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the
Company s registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was
not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public
accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only
management's report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

No
change in our system of internal control over financial reporting
occurred during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10.       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
details of our executive officers and directors are as
follows: 

NAME  

AGE  

POSITION  

Jordan
Starkman 

46 

President,
Chief Financial Officer and Director 

JORDAN STARKMAN, 46, President  .  Mr. Starkman brings over twenty
years of experience in sales, financial consulting, and
investor and client relations to the Health Advance team. He is a
co-founder of Pay By the Day Company Inc. and was VP Operations
from June 2003 prior to becoming President in January 2006. In
addition to being President of Pay By The Day Company Inc., Mr.
Starkman is the President of Rimrock Gold Corp (formerly Pay By The
Day Holdings) and was a director of Pacific Green Technologies Inc.
until his resignation on November 1, 2016. Mr. Starkman spends
the majority of his time overseeing the operations of Rimrock Gold
Corp., a junior mining/exploration company and handles business
development for TerraPave Construction Corp.  Prior to
forming Pay By The Day Company Inc. in 2003, Jordan was a sales
person from January 2002 to February 2003 at The Buck A Day
Company, an Ontario based direct sales company focused on sales of
computers and consumer electronics, and was President of Guardians
of Gold from November 2005 to October 2011. Jordan has an extensive
background in finance and business development. He worked for 10
years as an independent consultant for various publicly traded
companies responsible for initiating new business and developing
long-term relationships with customers. Jordan also holds a BA in
Statistics from the University of Western Ontario. 

34 |
Page 

Term of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until
the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are
appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed
by the board.  

All
officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the
next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their successors
have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with
respect to the election of Directors. We have not compensated our
Directors for service on our Board of Directors, any committee
thereof, or reimbursed for expenses incurred for attendance at
meetings of our Board of Directors and/or any committee of our
Board of Directors. Officers are appointed annually by our Board of
Directors and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of
our Board of Directors. We do not have any standing committees. Our
Board of Directors may in the future determine to pay
Directors  fees and reimburse Directors for expenses related
to their activities. 

None of
our officers and/or directors have filed any bankruptcy petition,
been convicted of or been the subject of any criminal proceedings
or the subject of any order, judgment or decree involving the
violation of any state or federal securities laws within the past
five (5) years. 

Committees 

We do
not have a standing audit committee of the Board of Directors.
Management has determined not to establish an audit committee at
present because of our limited resources and limited operating
activities do not warrant the formation of an audit committee or
the expense of doing so. We do not have a financial expert serving
on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on
management s belief that the cost of obtaining the services
of a person who meets the criteria for a financial expert under
Item 401(e) of Regulation S-B is beyond its limited financial
resources and the financial skills of such an expert are simply not
required or necessary for us to maintain effective internal
controls and procedures for financial reporting in light of the
limited scope and simplicity of accounting issues raised in its
financial statements at this stage of its development. 

We have
not formed a Compensation Committee or Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual
Report. 

Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
director, nominee for director, or executive officer of the Company
has appeared as a party in any legal proceeding material to an
evaluation of his ability or integrity during the past five
years. 

The
Company has received a default judgment order against the Company
in favor of Anslow   Jaclin in the amount of $8,737.00 plus
interest for previous legal fees. The Company expects to negotiate
a settlement in the coming weeks. 

Compliance With Section 16(A) Of The Exchange Act. 

We do
not have a class of equity securities registered pursuant to
section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act and therefore our
directors, officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10%
of a registered class of our equity securities are not required to
file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC or
furnish us with copies of these reports. 

Code of Ethics 

We
currently do not have a code of ethics that applies to our
officers, employees and director, including our Chief Executive
Officer. 

35 |
Page 

ITEM 11.     EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Executive Officers and Directors 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid
by us during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 in all
capacities for the accounts of our executives, including the Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer
(CFO): 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Employment Agreement  

We do
not have any employment agreements in place with our sole officer
and director. 

ITEM 12.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of the date
hereof with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary
shares, the sole outstanding class of our voting securities, by (i)
each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of
the outstanding common stock of the Company, (ii) each executive
officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and
directors as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities. ordinary shares
subject to options, warrants or convertible securities exercisable
or convertible within 60 days as of the date hereof are deemed
outstanding for computing the percentage of the person or entity
holding such options, warrants or convertible securities but are
not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other
person and is based on 24,520,000 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding as of July 31, 2016. 

36 |
Page 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

None. 

ITEM 13.       CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

In
April 2010, we issued 14,000,000 founder shares of common stock to
Jordan Starkman pursuant to the exemption from registration set
forth in section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.  The
total purchase price of the Shares was $1,400. 

The
Company recorded $nil and $7,200 as rent and occupancy expense
charged by a shareholder for the years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The Company also recorded $nil and $1,200 as
office and general expense charged by a shareholder in respect
of certain administrative services for the years ended July
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, the Company has
recorded $nil and $18,000 as consulting expense charged by a
shareholder for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. These consulting charges have been debited to
consulting and management fees with corresponding credit to
additional paid in capital. No consulting charges were recorded
during the year ended July 31, 2016 due to lack of
financing. 

Advances
from a shareholder of the Company as at July 31, 2016 and 2015 were
$98,542 and $72,774, respectively. No amount was repaid during the
year (2015: nil). These advances are non-interest bearing,
unsecured and with no specific terms of repayment. 

Director Independence 

We are
not required to have a majority of independent directors on our
Board of Directors. An  independent director  is
defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of
the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a
relationship, which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors would
interfere with the director s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director. 

ITEM 14.       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

For the
Company s fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, we were
billed approximately $12,500 for professional services rendered for
the audit and review of our financial statements. 

Tax Fees 

For the
Company s fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, we were
not billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance,
tax advice, or tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

The
Company did not incur any other fees for the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

37 |
Page 

PART IV 

ITEM 15.       EXHIBITS AND
SIGNATURES 

EXHIBITS 

a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report 

1.
Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

3.
Exhibits 

38 |
Page 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant
has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the
city of Las Vegas of Nevada on November 29, 2016. 

HEALTH ADVANCE INC. 

By: 

/s/
Jordan Starkman  

Jordan
Starkman 

President and
Chief Financial Officer 

(Duly
Authorized Officer, Principal Executive 

Officer
and Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated in
the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Position 

Date 

/s/
Jordan Starkman 

President,
Chief Financial Officer and Director 

November
29, 2016 

Jordan
Starkman 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer) 

39 |
Page 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

ex31-1.htm 

Exhibit 31.1  

   CERTIFICATION OF   PRINCIPAL   EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

   PURSUANT TO  

   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF  

   THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Jordan
Starkman, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed
this Form 10-K of Health Advance Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 

Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29,
2016 

By: 

/s/   Jordan
Starkman  

Jordan
Starkman 

President and Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

ex32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1  

   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF  

   THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with
this Annual Report of Health Advance Inc. (the
 Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended July
31, 2016 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, I, Jordan Starkman, President and Chief
Excecutive Office and Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec.
1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(2) 

The information
contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
July 31, 2016, fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 29,
2015 

By: 

/s/   Jordan
Starkman  

Jordan
Starkman 

President and Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hadv-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hadv-20160731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hadv-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hadv-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hadv-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hadv-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

