<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1653384_0001144204-16-130895_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>232051</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61498</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>147052</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-130895.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101171957
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-130895
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653384
		IRS NUMBER:				475049745
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55544
		FILM NUMBER:		161965643

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2925 WOODSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			WOODSIDE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 206-4604

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2925 WOODSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			WOODSIDE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94062

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-130895.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 v451210_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September
30, 2016  

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 814-01180 

GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

(650)
206-4604 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer      
       
      Non-accelerated filer  x   
       
      Smaller reporting company       

(do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes     No  x  

The issuer had 1,667 shares of common stock,
$0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of  November 1, 2016. 

GSV GROWTH CREDIT
FUND INC.  

FORM 10-Q FOR
THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Table of Contents  

INDEX   
       
       PAGE   
  NO.    

PART I.   
       
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       
       Financial Statements   
       
     1  

Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
     1  

Statements of Operations for the three and nine months September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
       
     2  

Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
       
     3  

Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
       
     4  

Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
     5  

Item 2.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
     7  

Item 3.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
     16  

Item 4.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
     16  

PART II.   
       
        OTHER INFORMATION    
       
     17  

Item 1.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
     17  

Item 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
       
     17  

Item 2.  
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
     17  

Item 3.  
       
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
     17  

Item 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
     17  

Item 5.  
       
       Other Information   
       
     17  

Item 6.  
       
       Exhibits   
       
     17  

SIGNATURES     
       
     18  

i   

Item
1.   Financial Statements 

   GSV
GROWTH CREDIT FUND INC. 

GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.  

  (A Development Stage Company)  

  Statements of Assets and Liabilities  

See notes to unaudited financial statements 

GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.  

  (A Development Stage Company)  

  Unaudited Statements of Operations  

Three Months Ended       
     Nine Months Ended     

September 30, 2016       
     September 30, 2016     

Investment income    

Interest income    
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Dividend income    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total investment income    
        -       
        -     

Operating expenses    

Management fees    
        -       
        -     
 
     Incentive fee    
        -       
        -     
 
     Administration fee    
        -       
        -     
 
     Directors' fees    
        -       
        -     
 
     Professional fees    
        -       
        -     
 
     Other expenses    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total operating expenses    
        -       
        -     
 
     Net investment income    
        -       
        -     

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments    

Net realized gain (loss) on investments    
        -       
        -     

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments    
        -       
        -     

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments    
        -       
        -     

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Net investment income (loss) per common share    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Weighted average shares outstanding    
        1,667       
        1,667     

Distributions to Shareholders    
        -       
        -     
 
     Distributions per common share    
     $  -       
     $  -     

See notes to unaudited financial statements 

GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.  

  (A Development Stage Company)  

  Unaudited Statement of Changes
in Net Assets  

Nine Months Ended     

September 30, 2016     
 
     Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations    

Net investment income (loss)    
     $  -     

Net realized gain (loss) on investments    
        -     

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments    
        -     

Net increase(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations    
        -     

Distributions to shareholders    
        -     

Capital share transactions    
        -     

Total increase (decrease) in net assets    
        -     

Net assets at beginning of period    
        25,000     

Net assets at end of period    
     $  25,000     

See notes to unaudited financial statements 

GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.  

  (A Development Stage Company)  

  Unaudited Statement of Cash
Flows  

Nine Months Ended     

September 30, 2016     

Cash flows from operating activities    

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations    
     $  -     

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:    

Investments in loans and securities    
        -     

Repayments on direct loans and sale of other securities    
        -     

Increase (decrease) in other assets    
        -     

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities    
        -     

Cash flows from financing activities    

Borrowings under credit facility    
        -     

Repayments of credit facility    
        -     

Proceeds from capital shares sold    
        -     

Cash distributions paid to shareholders    
        -     

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities    
        -     

Net increase (decrease) in cash    
        -     

Cash at beginning of period    
        25,000     

Cash at end of period    
     $  25,000     

See notes to unaudited financial statements 

GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc. 
(A Development Stage Company)  

  Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements
as of September 30, 2016  

(1)    Organization and Basis of Presentation    

Organization  

 GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc. (the  Company )
is a Maryland corporation that was formed on August 31, 2015. The Company was formed primarily to lend to, and selectively invest
in, middle-market companies in the United States. 

As of September 30, 2016, no operations
other than the sale and issuance of 1,667 shares of common stock on October 8, 2015, at an aggregate purchase price of $25,000
($14.9970 per share) to R. David Spreng, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, have occurred. The sale of shares of common
stock was approved by the unanimous consent of the Company s sole director at the time. 

The Company intends to be managed
by GSV Growth Credit LLC (the  Adviser ). No management fees will be paid to the Adviser until the 91st
day after the commencement of investment activities. 

Development Stage Company  

 The Company is a development stage
company as defined by ASC 915-10-05,  Development Stage Entity . The Company is still devoting substantially all
of its efforts to establishing the business, and its planned principal operations have not commenced. The Company had no
operations or investment activities during the one-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

Basis of Presentation  

 The financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). 

Fiscal Year End  

 The Company s fiscal year ends on
December 31. 

(2)  Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies  

Use of Estimates  

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Such estimates could differ
from those estimates and such differences could be material. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 Cash and cash equivalents consist of demand
deposits and highly liquid investments ( e.g. , money market funds, U.S. treasury notes) with original maturities of three
months or less. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost which approximates fair value. The Company places its cash and cash
equivalents with financial institutions. 

Income Taxes  

 The Company intends to file an election
to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company also intends
to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, for the taxable year ending December 31, 2015 and subsequent taxable years. So long as the Company maintains
its status as a RIC, it generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains
that it distributes at least annually to its stockholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned by the
Company represents obligations of the Company s investors and will not be reflected in the financial statements of the Company. 

Management does
not believe any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the accompanying financial statement. 

(3)    Commitments and Contingencies    

In March 2016,
the Company and the Adviser agreed that initial organization and operating costs will be borne by the Company up to a maximum amount
of the greater of either $500,000 or 0.50% of total capital commitments received by the Company as of the end of the most recently
completed calendar quarter, and will be paid or reimbursed upon receipt of a formal commitment of external capital. Any initial
organization and operating costs in excess of the greater of $500,000 or 0.50% of total capital commitments received by the Company,
as applicable, will be borne by the Adviser. In the event receipt of a formal commitment of external capital does not occur, initial
organization and operating costs incurred will be borne by the Adviser. As there has been no formal commitment of external capital
as of the date of issuance of these financial statements, no such costs have been recorded by the Company. 

(4)    Net Assets    

In connection
with its formation, the Company has the authority to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share par value. 

(5)    Subsequent Events  

There have been no subsequent events
that require recognition or disclosure through November 1, 2016, the date that the financial statements were available to be
issued. 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current
and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as  anticipates, 
 expects,   intends,   plans,   will,   may,   continue, 
 believes,   seeks,   estimates,   would,   could,   should, 
 targets,   projects,   outlook,   potential,   predicts  and variations
of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult
to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements,
including without limitation: 

an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies  ability to continue to operate,
which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies;   

such an economic downturn could disproportionately impact the companies that we intend to target
for investment, potentially causing us to experience a decrease in investment opportunities and diminished demand for capital from
these companies;   

a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair
our lending and investment activities;   

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly if we elect to use leverage
as part of our investment strategy;   

currency fluctuations could adversely affect the results of our investments in foreign companies,
particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars;   

our future operating results;   

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;   

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;   

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;   

competition with other entities and our affiliates for investment opportunities;   

the speculative and illiquid nature of our investments;   

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments;   

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital;   

the loss of key personnel;   

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;   

the ability of our external investment adviser, GSV Growth Credit LLC ( GSVGC ), to
locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments;   

the ability of GSVGC to attract and retain highly talented professionals;   

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company ( RIC )
under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), and as a business development company
( BDC );   

the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; and   

Although we believe
that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to
be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of
these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded
as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described
or identified in the section entitled  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form
10, filed on April 19, 2016 (File No. 000-55544), and Item 1A of Part II and elsewhere in this report. These forward-looking
statements apply only as of the date of this report. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking
statements. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements will not be applicable to us when we elect to be regulated
as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ), since, at such time, we will be an
investment company. 

The following analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview 

We
were formed on August 31, 2015 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Maryland.  We
are currently in the development stage and have not commenced investment operations. Since inception, there has been no
activity.  In October 2015, in connection with our formation, we issued and sold 1,667 shares of our common stock to
David Spreng, our President and Chief Executive Officer, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. 

Prior
to the  initial closing of our private offering, which will occur as soon as practicable in the sole discretion of our investment
adviser, GSVGC, upon the receipt of aggregate commitments totaling at least $50 million ,
 we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) an election to be treated as a BDC
under the 1940 Act. We also intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter
M of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. While we intend to elect to be treated as a RIC as soon as practicable, we
anticipate that we may have difficulty satisfying the asset diversification requirements as we deploy initial capital and build
our portfolio. To the extent that we have net taxable income prior to our qualification as RIC, we will be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on such income. As a BDC and a RIC,  we will be required to comply with various
regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70% of our assets in  qualifying assets,  source
of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90% of our taxable
income and tax-exempt interest.  

We will be externally
managed by GSVGC, an investment adviser that intends to register under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. GSV Credit
Service Company, LLC, our administrator (the  Administrator ), is a wholly-owned subsidiary of GSVGC and will provide
the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 

We are an  emerging
growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ). We will remain
an emerging growth company for up to five years following an initial public offering, if any, although if the market value of our
common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time, we would cease to be
an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act, we will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. 

Portfolio
and Investment Activity   

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, we have not commenced investment activities. 

Results of Operations  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have not completed the initial closing of our private offering or commenced
any operational or investment activities. Therefore, no results of operations are reported.  

Revenue   

Our investment objective
is to maximize our total return to our stockholders primarily through current income on our loan portfolio, and secondarily through
capital appreciation on our warrants and other equity positions. We intend to achieve our investment objective by investing in
high growth-potential, private companies. We will typically invest in senior secured and second lien secured loans that generally
fall into two strategies: Sponsored Growth Lending and Non-Sponsored Growth Lending. Through our Sponsored Growth Lending and Non-Sponsored
Growth Lending strategies, we will invest in senior secured loans and second lien loans. Our Sponsored Growth Lending will also
typically include the receipt of warrants and/or other equity from venture-backed companies. We expect our investments in loans
will generally range from between $3 million to $15 million and the upper end of this range may increase as we raise additional
capital. 

We plan to generate
revenue in the form of interest on the debt securities that we hold and distributions and capital gains on other interests that
we acquire in our portfolio companies. We expect that the debt we invest in will generally have stated terms of 36 to 60 months.
Interest on debt securities is generally payable quarterly or semiannually. In some cases, some of our investments may provide
for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest. The principal amount of the debt securities and
any accrued but unpaid interest generally will become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form
of commitment and other fees in connection with transactions. Original issue discounts and market discounts or premiums will be
capitalized, and we will accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt
securities as interest income. Dividend income, if any, will be recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to
collect such amounts. 

Operating Expenses   

Our primary operating
expenses will include the payment of fees to GSVGC under the advisory agreement we intend to enter into with GSVGC prior to the
filing of our election to be treated as a BDC (the  Advisory Agreement ), our allocable portion of overhead expenses
under the administration agreement we intend to enter into with the Administrator prior to the filing of our election to be treated
as a BDC (the  Administration Agreement ) and other operating costs described below. We will bear all other out-of-pocket
costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those relating to: 

organization and offering (in an amount up to the greater of either $500,000 or 0.5% of the aggregate
amount of capital committed to us by investors as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter, provided that, the
amount of initial organizational and offering expenses in excess of the greater of $500,000 or 0.5% of the aggregate amount of
capital committed to us by investors as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter, as applicable, will be paid
by GSVGC);   

our pro-rata portion of fees and expenses related to any future spin-off transactions;   

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm);   

fees and expenses payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in
connection with monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in providing administrative services, monitoring our investments
and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and
making investments;   

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments;   

sales and purchases of our common stock and other securities;   

investment advisory and management fees;   

administration fees, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement;   

transfer agent and custodial fees;   

federal and state registration fees;   

all costs of registration and listing our securities on any securities exchange;   

U.S. federal, state and local taxes;   

independent directors  fees and expenses;   

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority or other regulators;   

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs;   

our allocable portion of any fidelity bond, directors  and officers  errors and omissions
liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums;   

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone,
copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and   

all other expenses incurred by us, our Administrator or GSVGC in connection with administering
our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement based on our allocable portion of our Administrator s
overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost
of our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs.   

As there were no formal commitments of
external capital as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have recorded no such costs. Until such time as we receive
a formal commitment of external capital or, in the event we do not receive a formal commitment of external capital, GSVGC will
pay all organization and offering expenses. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We expect to generate
cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of the offering of our securities, (ii) cash flows from our operations, (iii) any financing
arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. We may fund a portion
of our investments through borrowings from banks and issuances of senior securities. 

Our primary use of
funds from a credit facility will be investments in portfolio companies, cash distributions to holders of our common stock and
the payment of operating expenses. 

In the future, we
may also securitize a portion of our investments. If we undertake a securitization transaction, we will consolidate our allocable
portion of the debt of any securitization subsidiary on our financial statements, and include such debt in our calculation of the
asset coverage test, if and to the extent required pursuant to the guidance of the staff of the SEC. An investment in a securitization
vehicle, even one sponsored by us, would be considered a  non-qualifying asset  for purposes of Section 55 of the 1940
Act. 

Our primary use of
funds will be to make investments in eligible portfolio companies, pay our operating expenses and make distributions to holders
of our common stock. 

Equity Activity    

In connection with our formation, we have
the authority to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock at a $0.01 per share par value. 

On October 8, 2015, we issued 1,667 shares
of our common stock to David Spreng, our President and Chief Executive Officer, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. We
have not had any other equity transactions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Contractual Obligations   

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, we have not commenced operations. 

We intend to
enter into the Advisory Agreement with GSVGC prior to the filing of our election to be treated as a BDC. Pursuant to the
Advisory Agreement, we will pay GSVGC a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components
  (i) a base management fee equal to a percentage of the aggregate amount of capital committed to us by investors and
assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and (ii) an incentive fee based on our performance. The cost
of both the base management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. No management fees will
be paid to GSVGC until the 91st day after the commencement of investment activities. 

We also intend to enter
into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, pursuant to which the Administrator will furnish us with office facilities,
together with equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and recordkeeping services at such facilities. Payments under the Administration
Agreement will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator in performing its
obligations under the Administration Agreement, including a portion of the rent and the compensation of our Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Compliance Officer and other staff providing administrative services. In accordance with the terms of the Administration
Agreement, overhead and other administrative expenses will generally be allocated between us and GSVGC by reference to the relative
time spent by personnel in performing administrative and similar functions on our behalf as compared to performing investment advisory
or administrative functions on behalf of GSVGC. To the extent personnel retained by the Administrator perform administrative tasks
for GSVGC, the fees incurred with respect to the actual time dedicated to such tasks will be reimbursed by GSVGC. Pursuant to the
terms of the Administration Agreement, the amounts payable to the Administrator from us in any fiscal year shall not exceed the
greater of (i) 1.00% of the aggregate amount of capital committed to us by investors as of the end of the most recently completed
fiscal year and (ii) $1 million. Our Administrator will charge us only for the actual expenses it incurs on our behalf, or our
allocable portion thereof, without any profit to our Administrator. Stockholder approval will not be required to amend the Administration
Agreement. 

If any of the contractual
obligations discussed above are terminated in the future, our costs under any new agreements that we enter into may increase. In
addition, we would likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect
to receive under the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. Any new investment advisory agreement would also be subject
to approval by our stockholders. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We had no off-balance
sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

Valuation of
Investments   

We measure the value
of our investments in at fair value accordance with  Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosure , or  ASC Topic 820,  issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or  FASB.  Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. 

Our audit committee
is also responsible for assisting our Board of Directors in valuing investments that are not publicly traded or for which current
market values are not readily available. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market
quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers or market makers. With respect to portfolio
investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Directors, with the assistance of GSVGC and its
senior investment team and independent valuation agents, is responsible for determining in good faith the fair value in accordance
with the valuation policy approved by our Board of Directors. If more than one valuation method is used to measure fair value,
the results are evaluated and weighted, as appropriate, considering the reasonableness of the range indicated by those results.
We consider a range of fair values based upon the valuation techniques utilized and select the value within that range that was
most representative of fair value based on current market conditions as well as other factors GSVGC s senior investment team
considers relevant. 

Our Board of Directors
will make this fair value determination on a quarterly basis and any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of the
portfolio investments is required. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates and depends on the
facts and circumstances. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have
a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been
used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 

ASC Topic 820 specifies
a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. ASC
Topic 820 also provides guidance regarding a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes information used to measure fair value and
the effect of fair value measurements on earnings and provides for enhanced disclosures determined by the level within the hierarchy
of information used in the valuation. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, these inputs are summarized in the three levels listed
below: 

Level 1 Valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
that are accessible at the measurement date.   

Level 2 Valuations are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which
all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant
inputs are observable.   

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurement. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models
incorporating significant unobservable inputs, such as discounted cash flow models and other similar valuations techniques. The
valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities generally requires significant management judgment due to the inability to observe
inputs to valuation.   

In certain cases,
the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of observable input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers
factors specific to the investment. 

Under ASC Topic 820,
the fair value measurement also assumes that the transaction to sell an asset occurs in the principal market for the asset or,
in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset, which may be a hypothetical market, and excludes
transaction costs. The principal market for any asset is the market with the greatest volume and level of activity for such asset
in which the reporting entity would or could sell or transfer the asset. In determining the principal market for an asset or liability
under ASC Topic 820, it is assumed that the reporting entity has access to such market as of the measurement date. Market participants
are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable and willing
and able to transact. 

With respect to investments
for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Directors will undertake a multi-step valuation process each
quarter, as described below: 

Our quarterly valuation process will begin with each portfolio company or investment being initially
valued by GSVGC s professionals that are responsible for the portfolio investment;   

Preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented and discussed with GSVGC s senior
investment team;   

Our audit committee will then review these preliminary valuations;   

At least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment will be reviewed by an independent
valuation firm. Certain investments, however, will not be evaluated by an independent valuation firm unless the net asset value
and other aspects of such investments in the aggregate exceed certain thresholds; and   

Our Board of Directors will then discuss valuations and determine the fair value of each investment
in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of GSVGC, the respective independent valuation firms and our audit committee.   

Our investments will
be primarily loans made to small, fast-growing companies focused in technology, life sciences, business services, industrial companies
and other high-growth industries. These investments are considered Level 3 assets under ASC Topic 820 because there is no known
or accessible market or market indices for these types of debt instruments and, thus, GSVGC s senior investment team must
estimate the fair value of these investment securities based on models utilizing unobservable inputs. 

Investment Valuation
Techniques   

Debt Investments.
 To estimate the fair value of our debt investments, we compare the cost basis of the debt investment, which includes original
issue discount, to the resulting fair value determined using a discounted cash flow model, unless another model is more appropriate
based on the circumstances at the measurement date. The discounted cash flow approach entails analyzing the interest rate spreads
for recently completed financing transactions which are similar in nature to our investments, in order to determine a comparable
range of effective market interest rates for our investments. The range of interest rate spreads utilized is based on borrowers
with similar credit profiles. All remaining expected cash flows of the investment are discounted using this range of interest rates
to determine a range of fair values for the debt investment. 

This valuation process
includes, among other things, evaluating the underlying investment performance, the portfolio company s current financial
condition and ability to raise additional capital, as well as macro-economic events that may impact valuations. These events include,
but are not limited to, current market yields and interest rate spreads of similar securities as of the measurement date. Significant
increases (decreases) in these unobservable inputs would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. 

Under certain circumstances,
we may use an alternative technique to value the debt investments to be acquired by us that better reflects the fair value of the
investment, such as the price paid or realized in a recently completed transaction or a binding offer received in an arms-length
transaction, the use of multiple probability-weighted cash flow models when the expected future cash flows contain elements of
variability or estimates of proceeds that would be received in a liquidation scenario. 

Warrants.  Fair
value of the warrants will be primarily estimated using a Black Scholes option-pricing model. Privately held warrant and equity-related
securities are valued based on an analysis of various factors including, but not limited to, the following: 

Underlying enterprise value of the issuer is estimated based on information available, including
any information regarding the most recent rounds of issuer funding. Valuation techniques to determine enterprise value include
market multiple approaches, income approaches or approaches that utilize recent rounds of financing and the portfolio company s
capital structure to determine enterprise value. Valuation techniques are also utilized to allocate the enterprise fair value of
a portfolio company to the specific class of common or preferred stock exercisable in the warrant. Such techniques take into account
the rights and preferences of the portfolio company s securities, expected exit scenarios, and volatility associated with
such outcomes to allocate the fair value to the specific class of stock held in the portfolio. Such techniques include Option Pricing
Models, or  OPM,  including back-solve techniques, Probability Weighted Expected Return Models, or  PWERM, 
and other techniques as determined to be appropriate.   

Volatility, or the amount of uncertainty or risk about the size of the changes in the warrant price,
is based on comparable publicly traded companies within indices similar in nature to the underlying company issuing the warrant.
Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input will result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value.   

The risk-free interest rates are derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve. The risk-free interest
rates are calculated based on a weighted average of the risk-free interest rates that correspond closest to the expected remaining
life of the warrant. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input will result in a significantly higher (lower)
fair value.   

Other adjustments, including a marketability discount on private company warrants, are estimated
based on our judgment about the general industry environment. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input will
result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value.   

Historical portfolio experience on cancellations and exercises of warrants are utilized as the
basis for determining the estimated life of the warrants in each financial reporting period. Warrants may be exercised in the event
of acquisitions, mergers or initial public offerings, and cancelled due to events such as bankruptcies, restructuring activities
or additional financings. These events cause the expected remaining life assumption to be shorter than the contractual term of
the warrants. Significant increases (decreases) in this unobservable input will result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value.   

Under certain circumstances
we may use an alternative technique to value warrants that better reflects the warrants  fair values, such as an expected
settlement of a warrant in the near term, a model that incorporates a put feature associated with the warrant, or the price paid
or realized in a recently completed transaction or binding offer received in an arms-length transaction. The fair value may be
determined based on the expected proceeds to be received from such settlement or based on the net present value of the expected
proceeds from the put option. 

These valuation methodologies
involve a significant degree of judgment. There is no single standard for determining the estimated fair value of investments which
do not have an active public market. Valuations of privately held investments are inherently uncertain, as they are based on estimates,
and their values may fluctuate over time. The determination of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have
been used if an active market for these investments existed. In some cases, the fair value of such investments is best expressed
as a range of values derived utilizing different methodologies from which a single estimate may then be determined. 

Equity Investments.
 The fair value of an equity investment in a privately held company is initially the face value of the amount invested. We adjust
the fair value of equity investments in private companies upon the completion of a new third-party round of equity financing subsequent
to our investment. We may make adjustments to fair value, absent a new equity financing event, based upon positive or negative
changes in a portfolio company s financial or operational performance. We may also reference comparable transactions and/or
secondary market transactions to estimate fair value. The fair value of an equity investment in a publicly traded company is based
upon the closing public share price on the date of measurement. These assets are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. These
valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of judgment. There is no single standard for determining the estimated fair
value of investments which do not have an active public market. Valuations of privately held investments are inherently uncertain,
as they are based on estimates, and their values may fluctuate over time. The determination of fair value may differ materially
from the values that would have been used if an active market for these investments existed. In some cases, the fair value of such
investments is best expressed as a range of values derived utilizing different methodologies from which a single estimate may then
be determined. 

Security Transactions,
Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses, and Income Recognition   

Security transactions
are recorded on a trade-date basis. We measure realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific
identification method. The amortized cost basis of investments represents the original cost adjusted for the accretion/amortization
of discounts and premiums and upfront loan origination fees. We report changes in fair value of investments that are measured at
fair value as a component of net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statement
of operations. 

Interest income, adjusted
for amortization of market premium and accretion of market discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect
to collect such amounts. Original issue discount, principally representing the estimated fair value of detachable equity or warrants
obtained in conjunction with our debt investments, and market discount or premium are capitalized and accreted or amortized into
interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees received in
connection with the closing of investments are reported as unearned income which is included as amortized cost of the investment;
the unearned income from such fees is accreted over the contractual life of the loan based on the effective interest method. Upon
prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment penalties, unamortized loan origination fees, and unamortized market discounts
are recorded as interest income. 

Management and
Incentive Fees   

We will accrue for
the base management fee and incentive fee. The accrual for the incentive fee includes the recognition of incentive fee on unrealized
capital gains, even though such incentive fee is neither earned nor payable to GSVGC until the gains are both realized and in excess
of unrealized depreciation on investments. 

Organization
and Offering Costs   

Upon
receipt of a formal commitment of external capital, we will bear the initial organization and offering costs up to a maximum amount
of the greater of either $500,000 or 0.5% of the aggregate amount of capital committed to us by investors as of the end of the
most recently completed calendar quarter. Any initial organization and offering costs in excess of the greater of $500,000 or 0.5%
of the aggregate amount of capital committed to us by investors as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter,
as applicable, will be borne by GSVGC. In the event receipt of a formal commitment of external capital does not occur, initial
organization and offering costs incurred will be borne by GSVGC. There has been no formal commitment of external capital as of
September 30, 2016. 

Organization costs
include, among other things, the cost of organizing as a Maryland corporation, including the cost of legal services, directors 
fees and other fees, including travel-related expenses, pertaining to our organization, all of which are expensed as incurred.
Offering costs include, among other things, legal fees and other costs pertaining to the preparation of our private placement memorandum
and other offering documents. 

Federal Income
Taxes   

We intend to elect
to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code as soon as practicable. Generally,
a RIC is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if it distributes at least 90% of its net ordinary
income and net short-term capital gains in excess of its net long-term capital losses, if any, to its stockholders. We intend to
distribute sufficient dividends to maintain our RIC status each year and we do not anticipate paying any material federal income
taxes in the future. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had not commenced investment activities.   

When
investing commences, we will be subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates and the valuations of our
investment portfolio. To the extent that we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will be dependent upon
the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest these funds. In periods of rising interest
rates, our cost of funds would increase, which may reduce our net investment income. As a result, there can be no assurance that
a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 

In
addition, any investments we make that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to risks associated with changes in
currency exchange rates. These risks include the possibility of significant fluctuations in the foreign currency markets, the imposition
or modification of foreign exchange controls and potential illiquidity in the secondary market. These risks will vary depending
upon the currency or currencies involved. 

We may hedge against
interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward
contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest
rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments
with fixed interest rates. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our President
and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting
them to material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange
Act. 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened
against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of
these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect
upon our financial condition or results of operations.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our Registration Statement on Form
10 filed with the SEC on April 19, 2016. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

*  Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GSV GROWTH CREDIT FUND INC.    
 
       Date:  November 1, 2016  

By:   
      /s/ R. David Spreng   

R. David Spreng   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:   November 1, 2016  
       By:   
      /s/ Thomas B. Raterman   

Thomas B. Raterman   

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451210_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1  

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

I,
R. David Spreng, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(c)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated
this 1st day of November, 2016. 

By :   
      /s/ R. David Spreng  

R. David Spreng  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451210_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2  

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

I,
Thomas B. Raterman, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(c)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated
this 1st day of November, 2016. 

By :   
      /s/ Thomas B. Raterman  

Thomas B. Raterman  

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451210_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1  

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 
Pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In
connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of GSV Growth
Credit Fund Inc. (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, R.
David Spreng, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant.   

Dated: November 1, 2016   

/s/ R. David Spreng   

R. David Spreng    

President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451210_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2  

 Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 
Pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In
connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of GSV Growth
Credit Fund Inc. (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Thomas
B. Raterman, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant.   

Dated:  November 1, 2016   

/s/ Thomas B. Raterman   

Thomas B. Raterman   

Chief Financial Officer     

(Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

