<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161129_10-K_edgar_data_794172_0001193125-16-779250_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6692834</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>251162</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1152719</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1026124</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2488250</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1513990</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>56</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-779250.hdr.sgml : 20161129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161129132405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-779250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000794172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		IRS NUMBER:				310888197
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14902
		FILM NUMBER:		162022127

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3471 RIVER HILLS DR
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45244
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5132713700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3471 RIVER HILLS DRIVE
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45244

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MERIDIAN DIAGNOSTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-779250.txt : 20161129

10-K
 1
 d270799d10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Annual Report 

Table of Contents  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
     Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM  10-K         
       FOR ANNUAL
AND TRANSITION REPORTS      PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       
 
  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016.       
 
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                       TO
                         
  Commission File No. 0-14902        
       MERIDIAN
BIOSCIENCE, INC.             
  3471 River Hills Drive   
  Cincinnati, Ohio 45244   
  IRS Employer ID No. 31-0888197   
  Incorporated under the Laws of Ohio   
  Phone: (513) 271-3700   
  Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:       

Title of each class   
    
    Name of each exchange of which
registered    

Common Shares, No Par Value  
    
  The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC   

(NASDAQ Global Select Market)   
    Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   
  None        
      Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  
 YES               NO       
 If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act.  
 YES               NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
 YES               NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
 YES               NO       
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S K (Section 229.405 of this Chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10 K or any amendment to this Form 10 K.  
                         
                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).  
 YES               NO       
 The aggregate market value of Common Shares held by non-affiliates as of March 31, 2016 was $856,265,348 based on a closing sale price of $20.61 per share on
March 31, 2016. As of October 31, 2016, 42,108,217 no par value Common Shares were issued and outstanding.     Documents Incorporated
by Reference     Portions of the Registrant s Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 furnished to the Commission
pursuant to Rule  14a-3(b)  are incorporated by reference in Part II as specified and portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission for its 2017 Annual Shareholders 
Meeting are incorporated by reference in Part III as specified.          

Table of Contents  

  MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.  
   INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT  
 ON FORM  10-K       

Page   

Part I   

Item 1 
    
  Business   

5 

Item 1A 
    
  Risk Factors   

15 

Item 1B 
    
  Unresolved Staff Comments   

24 

Item 2 
    
  Properties   

24 

Item 3 
    
  Legal Proceedings   

25 

Item 4 
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures   

25 

Part II   

Item 5 
    
  Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

26 

Item 6 
    
  Selected Financial Data   

26 

Item 7 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

27 

Item 7A 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

44 

Item 8 
    
  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

45 

Item 9 
    
  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

78 

Item 9A 
    
  Controls and Procedures   

78 

Item 9B 
    
  Other Information   

78 

Part III   

Item 10 
    
  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

78 

Item 11 
    
  Executive Compensation  

78 

Item 12 
    
  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

78 

Item 13 
    
  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  

78 

Item 14 
    
  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

78 

Item 15 
    
  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   

79 
     
   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from
civil litigation for forward-looking statements accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements. Except for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which may be identified by words such as  estimates ,  anticipates ,  projects ,  plans ,  seeks ,  may ,
 will ,  expects ,  intends ,  believes ,  should  and similar expressions or the negative versions thereof and which also may be identified by their context. All statements that address
operating performance or events or developments that Meridian expects or anticipates will occur in the future, including, but not limited to, statements relating to per share diluted earnings and revenue, are forward-looking statements. Such
statements, whether expressed or implied, are based upon current expectations of the Company and speak only as of the date made. Specifically, Meridian s forward-looking statements are, and will be, based on management s then-current
views and assumptions regarding future events and operating performance. Meridian assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results
expressed or implied therein will not be realized. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, without limitation, the following:
Meridian s continued growth depends, in part, on its ability to introduce into the marketplace enhancements of existing products or new products that incorporate technological advances, meet customer requirements and respond to products
developed by Meridian s competition, and its ability to effectively sell such products. While Meridian has introduced a number of internally developed products, there can be no assurance that it will be successful in the future in
introducing such products on a timely basis or in protecting its intellectual property. Meridian relies on proprietary, patented and licensed technologies. As such, the Company s ability to protect its intellectual property rights, as
well as the potential for intellectual property litigation, would impact its results. Ongoing consolidations of reference laboratories and formation of multi-hospital alliances may cause adverse changes to pricing and
distribution. Recessionary pressures on the economy and the markets in which our customers operate, as well as adverse trends in buying patterns from customers, can change expected results. Costs and difficulties in complying with laws and
regulations, including those administered by the  

Table of Contents  

United States Food and Drug Administration, can result in unanticipated expenses and delays and interruptions to the sale of new and existing products, as well as the uncertainty of regulatory
approvals and the regulatory process. The international scope of Meridian s operations, including changes in the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar and general economic conditions in foreign countries, can impact results and
make them difficult to predict. One of Meridian s growth strategies is the acquisition of companies and product lines. There can be no assurance that additional acquisitions will be consummated or that, if consummated, will be
successful and the acquired businesses will be successfully integrated into Meridian s operations. There may be risks that acquisitions may disrupt operations and may pose potential difficulties in employee retention, and there may be
additional risks with respect to Meridian s ability to recognize the benefits of acquisitions, including potential synergies and cost savings or the failure of acquisitions to achieve their plans and objectives. Meridian cannot predict the
possible impact of U.S. health care legislation enacted in 2010   the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act   and any modification or repeal of any of the provisions
thereof, and any similar initiatives in other countries on its results of operations. Efforts to reduce the U.S. federal deficit, breaches of Meridian s information technology systems and natural disasters and other events could have a
materially adverse effect on Meridian s results of operations and revenues. In addition to the factors described in this paragraph, Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains a list and description of
uncertainties, risks and other matters that may affect the Company. Readers should carefully review these forward-looking statements and risk factors and not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.  

Table of Contents  

    PART I.  
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements about our business and results of operations that are subject to risks and
uncertainties. See  Forward-Looking Statements  above. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to the risk factors discussed herein, we are
also subject to additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. If any of these risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be adversely affected.    Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to  Meridian, 
 we,   us,   our,  or  our company  refer to Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and its subsidiaries.    In the
discussion that follows, all dollars and shares are in thousands (both tables and text), except per share data.    This Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to
trademarks such as TRU FLU   , Immuno Card    , Immuno Card 
STAT!   , MyTaq   , SensiFAST   , PREMIER    and LeadCare   , which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property. Solely for convenience, our
trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Form 10-K may appear without the     or     symbols, but such references are not intended to
indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks and tradenames. 
 ITEM 1.  
    BUSINESS   
  Overview     Meridian is a fully-integrated life science
company with principal businesses in (i) the development, manufacture, sale and distribution of diagnostic test kits, primarily for certain gastrointestinal, viral, respiratory, and parasitic infectious diseases, and elevated blood lead levels; and
(ii) the manufacture and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells, and bioresearch reagents used by researchers and other diagnostic manufacturers. The Company was incorporated in Ohio in
1976. Our principal corporate offices are located near Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.    During March 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of
Magellan Biosciences, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiary Magellan Diagnostics, Inc. (collectively,  Magellan ), which is now reported as part of our Diagnostics operating segment. Headquartered near Boston, Massachusetts, Magellan
is a leading manufacturer of FDA-cleared products for the testing of blood to diagnose lead poisoning in children and adults. Magellan is the leading provider of point-of-care lead testing systems in the U.S.  
      - 5 -  

Table of Contents  

  Our website is  www.meridianbioscience.com . We make available our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments thereto, free of charge through this website, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material has been electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports may also be read and copied at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549, phone number 1-800-732-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site containing these
filings and other information regarding Meridian at  www.sec.gov . The information on our website is not and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  Reportable Segments     Our reportable segments are
Diagnostics and Life Science, both of which are headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, which also serves as the Diagnostics segment s base of manufacturing operations and research and development for infectious disease products. The
Diagnostics segment consists of manufacturing operations in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the sale and distribution of diagnostic test kits in the countries comprising North, Central and South America (the  Americas  Europe, Middle East and
Africa ( EMEA  and other countries outside of the Americas and EMEA (rest of the world, or  ROW ). As previously noted, the Diagnostics segment includes the Company s recent acquisition of Magellan, which is located
in Billerica, Massachusetts (near Boston). Its facility includes research, development, manufacturing, marketing, sales, and distribution operations. The Life Science segment consists of manufacturing operations in Memphis, Tennessee; Boca
Raton, Florida; London, England; Luckenwalde, Germany; and Sydney, Australia, and the sale and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells, and bioresearch reagents domestically and abroad, including
sales and business development offices in Singapore and Beijing, China to further pursue growing revenue opportunities in Asia. Financial information for Meridian s reportable segments is included in Note 8 to the consolidated financial
statements.     Diagnostics Segment       Overview of
Products and Markets      Our primary source of revenues continues to be diagnostic products, with our Diagnostics segment providing 74% of
consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2016. Third-party revenues for this segment were $145,000, $146,000 and $142,000 for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, our Diagnostics segment had approximately 440
employees in seven countries.    Our diagnostic products provide accuracy, simplicity and speed; enable early diagnosis and treatment of common, acute
medical conditions; and provide for better patient outcomes at reduced costs. We target diagnostics for disease states that (i) are conditions where rapid diagnosis impacts patient outcomes; (ii) have opportunistic demographic and disease
profiles; (iii) are underserved by current diagnostic products; and (iv) have difficult sample handling requirements (stool, blood, urine and other body fluids). This approach has allowed us to establish significant market share in our target
disease states.  
      - 6 -  

Table of Contents  

  Our diagnostic products span a broad menu of testing platforms and technologies, and also include transport media
that store and preserve specimen samples from patient collection to laboratory testing. Our testing platforms include:      

Isothermal DNA Amplification  (  illumi   gene   brand)    high sensitivity, molecular platform that is suitable for virtually any size laboratory, whether centralized or decentralized;
provides flexibility to process from 1 to 10 tests per run in generally under one hour; and requires no batching of samples.        

Rapid Immunoassay (TRU, Immuno   Card    and Immuno   Card    STAT!   brands)    single-use immunoassays that can be used in point-of-care settings; have fast turnaround
times (generally under 20 minutes); and can reduce expensive send-outs for hospitals and outpatient clinics.        

Enzyme-linked Immunoassay (PREMIER   brand)    batch immunoassay platform that can process up to 96 tests per run; is highly accurate and economical; and is adaptable to automation.    

Anodic Stripping Voltammetry (LeadCare   brand)    electrical chemical sensor platform for quantitative determination of lead levels in blood.    
 Our diagnostic products are used principally in the detection of infectious diseases caused by various bacteria, viruses, parasites and pathogens, including
most notably the following general areas:      

C. difficile     causative agent for antibiotic-associated diarrhea from a hospital-acquired infection        

Foodborne    Enterohemorrhagic  E. coli  (EHEC) and  Campylobacter jejuni  (Campy)        

H. pylori     stomach ulcers        

Respiratory    Group A  Streptococcus ,  M. pneumoniae  (Mycoplasma) and  Bordetella pertussis , among tests for other diseases    

Women s Health   Sexually Transmitted Diseases ( STD )    Group B  Streptococcus ,  Chlamydia trachomatis ,  Neisseria gonorrhea , Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1   Type 2
     Our diagnostics products also include Magellan s LeadCare brand of tests for quantitative determination of blood lead levels.  
 Our product portfolio includes over 140 diagnostic tests and transport media, and is marketed to acute care hospitals, reference laboratories, outpatient
clinics and physician office laboratories in over 70 countries around the world.  
      - 7 -  

Table of Contents  

  We continue to invest in new product development for our molecular testing platform,
  illumi   gene . This platform now has the following commercialized tests (assays):      

2. 
   illumi   gene  Group B  Streptococcus  (Group B Strep or GBS)   commercialized in December 2011        

3. 
   illumi   gene  Group A  Streptococcus  (Group A Strep)   commercialized in September 2012        

4. 
   illumi   gene  Mycoplasma ( M. pneumoniae;  walking pneumonia)   commercialized in June 2013        

5. 
   illumi   gene Bordetella pertussis  (whooping cough)   commercialized in March 2014        

6. 
   illumi   gene Chlamydia trachomatis    commercialized outside of U.S. in February 2015        

7. 
   illumi   gene Neisseria gonorrhea    commercialized outside of U.S. in February 2015        

9. 
   illumi   gene  Malaria   commercialized outside of U.S. in February 2016        

10. 
   illumi   gene  Mycoplasma Direct ( M. pneumoniae;  walking pneumonia)   commercialized in June 2016    
 We have several additional   illumi   gene  tests in development, a robust pipeline of   illumi   gene  opportunities and a plan
to continue adding new assays to our   illumi   gene  platform menu.    We believe that our   illumi   gene  system has been
well-accepted in our global markets. We now have over 1,500 customer account placements. Of these account placements, approximately 1,300 accounts have completed evaluations and validations and are regularly purchasing product, with the
balance of our account placements being in some stage of product evaluation and/or validation. Of our account placements, we have nearly 450 accounts that are regularly purchasing, evaluating and/or validating two or more assays.  
   Market Trends      The global market for infectious
disease tests continues to expand as new disease states are identified, new therapies become available, and worldwide standards of living and access to health care improve. More importantly, within this market, there is a continuing shift from
conventional testing, which requires highly trained personnel and lengthy turnaround times for test results, to more technologically advanced testing, which can be performed by less highly trained personnel and completed in minutes or hours.  
 The increasing global pressures to contain total health care costs have accelerated the increased use of diagnostic testing. With rapid and accurate
diagnoses of infectious diseases, physicians can pinpoint appropriate therapies quickly, leading to faster recovery, shorter hospital stays and lower overall treatment cost. Integrated Delivery Networks (IDNs) and Accountable Care Organizations
(ACOs) in our U.S. market have the goal of increasing the efficiency of health care delivery, reducing spending and improving clinical outcomes. We believe our product portfolio positions us competitively with IDNs, ACOs and health care systems that
are transitioning from fee-for-service compensation models, to value based reimbursement. Our  C. difficile , Group B  Streptococcus , Group A  Streptococcus  and  H. pylori  products are all examples of how a highly accurate
diagnostic test on the front end can mitigate or reduce down-stream costs for antibiotic use, symptom-relieving drugs and hospital stays.  
      - 8 -  

Table of Contents  

  We also continue to see aggregation of buying power in our U.S. market via multi-hospital group purchasing
organizations and integrated delivery networks, consolidation among reference laboratories, and acquisition of physician practices by hospitals, health systems, and for-profit specialty health care companies. We utilize multi-year supply agreements
to secure our business where we deem appropriate.    Cost containment pressures have also affected health care systems outside the U.S., particularly in
Europe, where the health care systems are generally government-run. The level of government budget deficits can have an adverse effect on the amount of government health care spend.  
   Sales, Marketing and Distribution      Our Diagnostics
segment s sales and distribution network consists of the following for each of the broad geographic regions we serve:    North
America     In North America, our sales and distribution network consists of a direct sales force (U.S. only) complemented by independent
distributors. The use of independent distributors in the U.S. allows our products to reach any size health care facility and also provides our customers the option to purchase our products directly from Meridian or through an authorized
distributor. Two independent distributors in the U.S. accounted for 10% or more of consolidated net revenues in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014: Cardinal Healthcare Corporation and Thermo Fisher Scientific. Our revenues from Cardinal were
approximately $20,000, $29,000 and $28,000 during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our revenues from Thermo Fisher were approximately $20,000, $25,000 and $23,000 during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
  EMEA     In EMEA, our sales
and distribution network consists of direct sales forces in Belgium, France, Holland and Italy, and independent distributors in other European countries, Africa and the Middle East. We have implemented a direct sales presence in Germany and the
U.K. for our   illumi   gene  products, and utilize independent distributors for our immunoassay products. We maintain a distribution center near Milan, Italy. 
  ROW     With the exception
of Australia, where we utilize a direct sales force, we utilize independent distributors throughout the ROW. 
      - 9 -  

Table of Contents  

    Competition    
 Our major competitors in molecular diagnostics are Cepheid and Becton Dickinson, who have systems with multiple-assay menus. We also face competition in
molecular diagnostics, but to a lesser degree, from companies such as Alere, Great Basin, Nanosphere and Quidel. These latter companies have a limited commercial menu and tend to compete strictly on price. We believe that our molecular
platform offers a number of competitive features:      

Molecular assay sensitivity that is comparable to higher costing PCR;        

Low capital investment with no instrument service cost;        

Small footprint that is portable and does not consume much laboratory space; and        

Product menu that fits with initiatives to improve clinical and economic outcomes.      Our major competitors in
rapid immunoassay diagnostics are primarily Alere and Quidel. These companies tend to compete strictly on price. For blood lead testing, we believe we have the only FDA-cleared, CLIA-waived point-of-care test available
commercially. Other blood lead testing systems in use include Graphite Furnace Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy, which requires a highly-skilled technician and larger laboratory space to operate, in addition to not being portable or suitable for
point-of-care use. We believe that with the breadth and depth of our product portfolio, we are well positioned for the clinical laboratory.  
   Research and Development      Our Diagnostics
segment s research and development organization for infectious disease products is located at our corporate headquarters in Newtown, Ohio, a suburb of Cincinnati, and has expertise in biochemistry, immunology, mycology, bacteriology, virology,
parasitology, and molecular biology. Our Magellan business has a dedicated research and development team in Billerica, Massachusetts. Research and development expenses for the Diagnostics segment for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were
approximately $11,000, $10,000 and $10,000, respectively. Our research and development activities are focused on new product and new technology development, new applications for our existing technologies, and improvements to existing
products. Research and development efforts may occur in-house or with collaborative partners. We believe that new product development is a key source for sustaining revenue growth. The products within our
  illumi   gene  molecular platform,  H. pylori  product family and blood lead testing family were developed solely in-house, or substantially so.  
   Manufacturing      Our immunoassay and molecular
products require the production of highly specific and sensitive antigens, antibodies, primers and enzymes. While we produce substantially all of our own requirements including monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies, and a variety of fungal,
bacterial and viral antigens, currently a number of the raw materials used in our products, including our   illumi   gene  molecular products, are purchased from outside vendors. With the expansion of our molecular diagnostic
manufacturing capacity at our Cincinnati, Ohio location in recent years, we brought in-house certain molecular component manufacturing that was previously outsourced. Our blood lead testing products require the production of electrical chemical
sensors, for which we produce all of our own requirements. We believe that we have sufficient manufacturing and sourcing capacity for anticipated growth over the next several years.  
      - 10 -  

Table of Contents  

    Intellectual Property, Patents and Licenses    
 We own or license U.S. and foreign patents, most of which are for selected products manufactured by our Diagnostics segment. These patents are used in our
manufacturing processes for selected products (method patents) or may relate to the design of the test device technology format (design patents). In the absence of patent protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who successfully
replicate our production and manufacturing technologies and processes. Our employees are required to sign confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements designed to protect our proprietary products.  
 The patents for our   illumi   gene  products, which represented 20% and 21% of consolidated revenues for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015,
respectively, are licensed from a third party, Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd., under a non-exclusive license agreement and expire between 2020 and 2022. These patents were issued in the U.S., European Community and other countries. The term
of our license agreement runs until the last patent expires in 2022, at which point we will be free to practice the patents without any restriction or royalty obligation.  
 The patents for our  H. pylori  products, which represented 15% and 14% of consolidated revenues for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, are
owned by us and expired in May 2016 in the U.S., and will expire in fiscal 2017 in countries outside the U.S. We expect competition with respect to our  H. pylori  products to increase in fiscal 2017 as we currently market the only
FDA-cleared tests to detect  H. pylori  antigen in stool samples. Such competition may have an adverse impact on our selling prices for these products or our ability to retain business at prices acceptable to us, and consequently,
adversely affect our future results of operations and liquidity, including revenues and gross profit. In order to mitigate competition, our product development pipeline includes multiple new product initiatives for the detection of  H.
pylori . We are unable to provide assurances that we will be successful with any mitigation strategy or that any mitigation strategy will prevent an adverse effect on our future results of operations and liquidity, including revenues and
gross profit.     Government Regulation      Our
diagnostic products are regulated by the Food   Drug Administration (FDA) as  devices  pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA). Under the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes (i.e.,
Class I, II or III). Class I and II devices are not expressly approved by the FDA, but, instead, are  cleared  for marketing. Class III devices generally must receive  pre-market approval  from the FDA as to safety and
effectiveness.  
      - 11 -  

Table of Contents  

  Each of the diagnostic products currently marketed by us in the United States has been cleared by the FDA
pursuant to the 510(k) clearance process or is exempt from such requirements. We believe that most, but not all, products under development will be classified as Class I or II medical devices and, in the case of most of our Class I and all
Class II devices, will be eligible for 510(k) clearance; however, we can make no assurances in this regard. Meridian s TRU FLU rapid influenza assay was cleared in 2006 as a Class I device. In May 2014, the FDA proposed reclassifying
rapid influenza assays as a Class II device, requiring the submission of a new 510(k) application and subjecting TRU FLU and similar competitive devices to increased requirements for sensitivity. If the proposed rule becomes effective, Meridian
will have one year to bring its assay up to the new requirements or remove it from the market. Sales of the TRU FLU product totaled approximately $1,000 in fiscal 2016.  
 Sales of our diagnostic products in foreign countries are subject to foreign government regulation, largely similar to that of the FDA.  
 Meridian s Cincinnati manufacturing facility is certified to ISO 13485:2012, and the Magellan facility in Billerica, Massachusetts is certified to ISO
9001:2008 and ISO 13485:2003.      Medical Device Tax    
 On January 1, 2013, the medical device tax established as part of the U.S. health care reform legislation became effective and as a result, the Company made
its first required tax deposit near the end of January 2013. During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded to cost of sales approximately $500, $1,900 and $1,750, respectively, of medical device tax expense related to this
legislation. During December 2015, the Consolidations Appropriations Act of 2016 imposed a two-year moratorium on this excise tax effective January 1, 2016. During calendar years 2016 and 2017, this moratorium would result in approximately
$2,000 of savings each year. We are unable to predict any future legislative changes or developments related to this moratorium or excise tax. 
   Seasonal Factors and Sporadic Outbreaks      Our
principal business is the sale of a broad range of diagnostic test kits for common gastrointestinal, viral, upper respiratory, and parasitic infectious diseases, and elevated blood lead levels. Certain infectious diseases may be seasonal in
nature, while others may be associated with sporadic outbreaks, such as foodborne illnesses or pandemics such as the H1N1 influenza outbreak during fiscal 2009. While we believe that the breadth of our diagnostic product lines reduces the risk
that infections subject to seasonality and sporadic outbreaks will cause significant variability in diagnostic revenues, we can make no assurance that revenues will not be impacted period over period by such factors.  
      - 12 -  

Table of Contents  

   Life Science Segment   
   Overview of Products and Markets      Our Life Science
segment s business focuses on the development, manufacture, sale and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells and bioresearch reagents used by researchers, agri-bio companies and other
diagnostic manufacturing companies. Third-party revenues for this segment were approximately $51,000, $49,000 and $47,000 for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, our Life Science segment had approximately
210 employees in seven countries.    Most of the revenues for our Life Science segment currently come from the manufacture, sale and distribution of bulk
antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells and bioresearch reagents used by researchers and other diagnostic manufacturing companies focused on the development of immunoassay and molecular tests. Approximately 65% of
Life Science revenues are generated from the industrial market, defined as diagnostic manufacturers and the agriculture industry. This continues to be an increasing focus of our Bioline molecular component business, which historically focused
on the academic/research market that comprises the remaining 35% of Life Science revenues. We utilize direct sales teams in key countries such as the U.S., the U.K., Germany, France, Australia and Singapore. Opened in 2013, the Singapore
sales and business development office is designed to increase our presence and our revenue opportunities in Asia for both molecular and immunoassay components. Additionally, in order to further pursue revenue opportunities in Asia, and China in
particular, during fiscal 2015 we opened a representative office in Beijing, China. We utilize a network of distributors in other major countries. During fiscal 2016, 18% of third-party revenues for this segment were from two diagnostic
manufacturing customers.   Products such as antibodies, antigens and reagents are marketed primarily to diagnostic manufacturing customers as a source of
raw materials for their immunoassay products, or as an outsourced step in their manufacturing processes. For example, we supply a number of major diagnostic manufacturers with proteins used to detect hepatitis A and rubella. These products
are typically sold in bulk quantities, and may also be custom-designed for a particular manufacturer s requirements. Sales efforts are focused on multi-year supply arrangements in order to provide stability in volumes and pricing. We
believe this benefits both us and our customers.    Molecular biology products such as PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides and competent cells are marketed to
academic/research and industrial customers. These products are used in measuring DNA and RNA in clinical and agricultural applications. These reagents improve the purity, yield and speed of PCR reactions. Products such as MyTaq   and SensiFAST   are examples of this type of PCR/qPCR reagent.  
      - 13 -  

Table of Contents  

    Market Trends    
 As certain global markets become increasingly accessible to us, most notably China, geographic expansion continues to be a significant strategy for our Life
Science segment, along with further penetration into industrial markets with our molecular products.      Competition    
 The market for bulk biomedical reagents is highly competitive. Important competitive factors include product quality, price, customer service and
reputation. We face competitors, many of which have greater financial, research and development, sales and marketing, and manufacturing resources, and where sole-source supply arrangements do not exist. Customers also may choose to
manufacture their biomedical reagents in-house rather than purchase from outside vendors such as Meridian.    The academic/research market is highly
fragmented. Individual purchases are typically of small quantities. The breadth of product offerings, quality, price and service, including on-line capabilities and technical resources, are important factors to building customer loyalty
and repeat purchases.      Research and Development    
 Research and development expenses for our Life Science segment for each of fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were approximately $3,000. The primary focus of this
research and development organization is development of new molecular reagent products.      Manufacturing and Government Regulation    
 Our Life Science U.S. facilities are ISO 9001:2008 certified and our Bioline facilities in the U.K. and Germany are ISO 13485:2012
certified. Additionally, where appropriate, our Life Science facilities comply with Regulation EC 1069:2009.     Acquisitions   
 Acquisitions have played an important role in the growth of our businesses. Our acquisition objectives include, among other things: (i) enhancing product
offerings; (ii) improving product distribution capabilities; (iii) providing access to new markets; and/or (iv) providing access to key biologicals or new technologies that lead to new products. Although we cannot provide assurance that we will
consummate additional acquisitions in the future, nor can we provide assurance that any acquisitions will accomplish these objectives, we expect that the potential for acquisitions will continue to provide opportunities for revenue and earnings
growth in the future.   As previously noted in the Overview section, during March 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of
Magellan. Headquartered near Boston, Massachusetts, Magellan is a leading manufacturer of FDA-cleared products for the testing of blood to diagnose lead poisoning in children and adults. Magellan is the leading provider of point-of-care
lead testing systems in the U.S.  
      - 14 -  

Table of Contents  

   International Markets   
 International markets are an important source of revenues and future growth opportunities for both of our segments. For both segments combined, revenues
from customers located outside of the Americas approximated $52,000 or 26% of consolidated fiscal 2016 revenues, $49,000 or 25% of consolidated fiscal 2015 revenues, and $55,000 or 29% of consolidated fiscal 2014 revenues. We expect to continue
to look to international markets as a source of revenue growth in the future.   During fiscal 2016, currency exchange had an approximate $1,700 unfavorable
impact on revenues; $700 within the Diagnostics segment and $1,000 within the Life Science segment. This compares to currency exchange rates having an approximate $4,700 unfavorable impact on revenues in fiscal 2015; $3,200 within the
Diagnostics segment and $1,500 within the Life Science segment. Due to natural hedge relationships with expenses, both cost of sales and operating expenses, the overall impact of exchange rate fluctuations on net earnings was not significant
during fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.     Environmental     We
are in compliance with applicable portions of the federal and state hazardous waste regulations and have never been a party to any environmental proceeding.  
 ITEM 1A.      
 RISK FACTORS     In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could
materially affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. Any one of these factors could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. The risks described below
are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.
    Risks Affecting Growth and Profitability of our Business   
   We may be unable to develop new products and services or acquire products and services on favorable terms.    
 The medical diagnostic and life science industries are characterized by ongoing technological developments and changing customer requirements. As such, our
results of operations and continued growth depend, in part, on our ability in a timely manner to develop or acquire rights to, and successfully introduce into the marketplace, enhancements of existing products and services or new products and
services that incorporate technological advances, meet customer requirements and/or respond to products developed by our competition. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in developing or acquiring such rights to products and
services on a timely basis, or that such products and services will adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations.  
      - 15 -  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, we must regularly allocate considerable resources to research and development of new products,
services and technologies. The research and development process generally takes a significant amount of time from design stage to product launch. This process is conducted in various stages. During each stage, there is a risk that we
will not achieve our goals on a timely basis, or at all, and we may have to abandon a product in which we have invested substantial resources.      We
may be unable to successfully integrate operations or to achieve expected cost savings from acquisitions we make.      One of our growth strategies is
the acquisition of companies and/or products. Although additional acquisitions of companies and products may enhance the opportunity to increase net earnings over time, such acquisitions could result in greater administrative burdens, increased
exposure to the uncertainties inherent in marketing new products, and financial risks of additional operating costs. The principal benefits expected to result from any acquisitions we make will not be achieved fully unless we are able to
successfully integrate the operations of the acquired entities with our operations and realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities from integrating these businesses into our existing businesses. We cannot provide
assurance that we will be able to identify and complete additional acquisitions on terms we consider favorable or that, if completed, will be successfully integrated into our operations.  
   Revenues for our Diagnostics segment may be impacted by our reliance upon two key distributors in North America, seasonal factors and sporadic
outbreaks, and changing diagnostic market conditions.       Key Distributors   
 Our Diagnostics segment s revenues from sales through two U.S. distributors were 27% and 37%, respectively, of the Diagnostics segment s total
revenues for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, or 20% and 28%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. These parties distribute our products and other laboratory products to end-user customers. The loss of either
of these distributors could negatively impact our revenues and results of operations unless suitable alternatives were timely found or lost sales to one distributor were absorbed by another distributor. Finding a suitable alternative on
satisfactory terms may pose challenges in our industry s competitive environment. As an alternative, we could expand our efforts to distribute and market our products directly. This alternative, however, would require substantial
investment in additional sales, marketing and logistics resources, including hiring additional sales and customer service personnel, which would significantly increase our future selling, general and administrative expenses, but would not
necessarily result in lower net income levels.  
      - 16 -  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, buying patterns of these two distributors may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, potentially leading
to uneven concentration levels on a quarterly basis.    Seasonal Factors and Sporadic Outbreaks   
 Our principal business is the sale of a broad range of diagnostic test kits for common gastrointestinal, viral, upper respiratory, and parasitic infectious
diseases, and elevated blood lead levels. Certain infectious diseases may be seasonal in nature, while others may be associated with sporadic outbreaks, such as foodborne illnesses or pandemics such as H1N1 influenza. While we believe that
the breadth of our diagnostic product lines reduces the risk that infections subject to seasonality and sporadic outbreaks will cause significant variability in diagnostic revenues, we can make no assurance that revenues will not be negatively
impacted period over period by such factors.     Changing Diagnostic Market Conditions   
 Changes in the U.S. health care delivery system have resulted in consolidation among reference laboratories and the formation of multi-hospital alliances,
reducing the number of institutional customers for diagnostic test products. Consolidation in the U.S. health care industry has also led to the creation of group purchasing organizations (GPOs) and integrated delivery networks (IDNs) that
aggregate buying power for hospital groups and put pressure on our selling prices. Due to such consolidation, we may not be able to enter into and/or sustain contractual or other marketing or distribution arrangements on a satisfactory
commercial basis with institutional customers, GPOs and IDNs, which could adversely affect our results of operations.      We could be adversely
affected by health care reform legislation.      Third-party payers for medical products and services, including state, federal and foreign
governments, are increasingly concerned about escalating health care costs and can indirectly affect the pricing or the relative attractiveness of our products by regulating the maximum amount of reimbursement they will provide for diagnostic
testing services. Following years of increasing pressure, during 2010 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive health care reform. Although to date, we have not seen any significant effect on the reimbursement rates for our products, if
reimbursement amounts for diagnostic testing services are decreased in the future, such decreases may reduce the amount that will be reimbursed to hospitals or physicians for such services and consequently, could place constraints on the levels of
overall pricing, which could have a material effect on our revenues and/or results of operations.    In addition, on January 1, 2013, the medical device tax
established as part of the U.S. health care reform legislation became effective and as a result, the Company made its first required tax deposit near the end of January 2013. During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded approximately
$500, $1,900 and $1,750, respectively, of Medical Device Tax expense, which is reflected as a component of cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. During December 2015, the Consolidations Appropriations Act of
2016 imposed a two-year moratorium on this excise tax effective January 1, 2016. During calendar years 2016 and 2017, this moratorium would result in approximately $2,000 of savings each year. We are unable to predict any future
legislative changes or developments related to this moratorium or excise tax.  
      - 17 -  

Table of Contents  

    Efforts to reduce the U.S. federal deficit could adversely affect our results of operations.    
 As part of the Budget Control Act passed in August 2011 to extend the federal debt limit and reduce government spending, $1.2 trillion in automatic spending
cuts (known as sequestration) were implemented in 2013. The sequestration requires a 2% cut in Medicare payments for all services, including our diagnostic tests, which, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in
effect through 2024 unless Congressional action is otherwise taken. Government research funding has also been reduced as a result of the sequestration. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 also was signed into law,
which, among other things, further reduces Medicare payments to providers such as hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increases the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from
three to five years.    Such reductions in government health care spending or research funding could result in reduced demand for our products or additional
pricing pressure. Further, there is ongoing uncertainty regarding the federal budget and federal spending levels, including the possible impacts of a failure to increase the  debt ceiling.  Any U.S. government default on its debt could
have broad macroeconomic effects that could, among other things, raise our borrowing costs. Any future shutdown of the federal government or failure to enact annual appropriations could also have a material adverse impact on our business.  
   Revenues for our Life Science segment may be impacted by customer concentrations and buying patterns.    
 Our Life Science segment s revenues from sales of purified antigens and reagents to two diagnostic manufacturing customers were 18% and 16% of the Life
Science segment s total revenues for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively; and 5% and 4% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. Our Life Science segment has four other significant customers who
purchase antigens, antibodies and reagents, which together comprised 8% and 10% of the segment s total revenues for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. Any significant alteration of buying patterns from these customers could
adversely affect our period over period revenues and results of operations.      Intense competition could adversely affect our profitability.
     The markets for our products and services are characterized by substantial competition and rapid change. Hundreds of companies around the world
supply diagnostic tests and immunoassay and molecular reagents. These companies range from multinational health care entities, for which diagnostics is one line of business, to small start-up companies. Many of our competitors have
significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. We cannot provide assurance that our products and services will be able to compete successfully with the products and services of our competitors.
 
      - 18 -  

Table of Contents  

    We may face increased competition resulting from expiration of our H. pylori patents.    
 The patents for our  H. pylori  products are owned by us and expired in May 2016 in the U.S., and will expire in fiscal 2017 in countries outside the
U.S. We expect competition with respect to our  H. pylori  products to increase in fiscal 2017 as we currently market the only FDA-cleared tests to detect  H. pylori  antigen in stool samples. Such competition may have an adverse
impact on our selling prices for these products, or our ability to retain business at prices acceptable to us, and consequently, adversely affect our future results of operations and liquidity, including revenues and gross profit. In order to
mitigate any loss in revenues, among other things, we are researching and experimenting with new products and attempting to secure significant customers under long-term contracts. We are unable to provide assurances that we will be successful with
any mitigation strategy or that any mitigation strategy will prevent an adverse effect on our future results of operations and liquidity, including revenues and gross profit.  
   We depend on international revenues, and our financial results may be adversely impacted by foreign currency, regulatory or other developments affecting
international markets.      We sell products and services into approximately 70 countries. Approximately 26% and 25% of our net revenues for
fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, were attributable to markets outside of the Americas. For fiscal 2016, approximately 35% of our international revenues were from sales made in Euros and 40% were from sales made in U.S. dollars, with the remaining
25% primarily being a combination of sales made in British pounds, Australian dollars and Singapore dollars. We are subject to the risks associated with fluctuations in the exchange rates for the Australian dollar, British pound, Euro and
Singapore dollar to the U.S. dollar. We are also subject to other risks associated with international operations, including longer customer payment cycles, tariff regulations, requirements for export licenses, instability of foreign
governments, and governmental requirements with respect to the importation and distribution of medical devices and immunodiagnostic and molecular biology reagents, all of which may vary by country.  
  Risks Affecting our Manufacturing Operations       We
are subject to comprehensive regulation, and our ability to earn profits may be restricted by these regulations.      Medical device diagnostics is a
highly regulated industry. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain necessary governmental clearances or approvals or timely clearances or approvals to market future products in the United States and other countries. Costs and
difficulties in complying with laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, the Centers for Disease Control or
other regulators can result in unanticipated expenses and delays and interruptions to the sale of new and existing products.  
      - 19 -  

Table of Contents  

  Regulatory approval can be a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, making the timing and costs of approvals
difficult to predict. The failure to comply with these regulations can result in delays in obtaining authorization to sell products, seizure or recall of products, suspension or revocation of authority to manufacture or sell products, and other
civil or criminal sanctions.      Significant interruptions in production at our principal manufacturing facilities and/or third-party manufacturing
facilities would adversely affect our business and operating results.      Products and services manufactured at facilities we own or lease comprised a
majority of our revenues. Our global supply of these products and services is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of these facilities. In addition, we currently rely on a small number of third-party manufacturers to
produce certain of our diagnostic products and product components. The operations of our facilities or these third-party manufacturing facilities could be adversely affected by power failures, natural or other disasters, such as earthquakes,
floods, tornadoes or terrorist threats. Although we carry insurance to protect against certain business interruptions at our facilities, there can be no assurance that such coverage will be adequate or that such coverage will continue to remain
available on acceptable terms, if at all. Any significant interruption in the Company s or a third-party supplier s manufacturing capabilities could materially and adversely affect our operating results.  
   We depend on sole-source suppliers for certain critical raw materials and components, and finished products. A supply interruption could adversely
affect our business.       Raw Materials and Components   
 Our diagnostic products are made from a wide variety of raw materials that are biological or chemical in nature, and that generally are available from multiple
sources of supply. We sole-source certain raw materials and components, which make it time consuming and costly to switch raw materials and components in FDA-cleared products. If certain suppliers fail to supply required raw materials or
components, we will need to secure other sources which may require us to conduct additional development and testing and obtain regulatory approval. These activities require significant time and resources, and there is no assurance that new sources
will be secured or regulatory approvals, if necessary, will be obtained.    We utilize third-party manufacturers for our instrumentation. One third
party manufactures our proprietary   illumi   pro-10  Incubator/Reader (instrument), a component of our   illumi   gene  molecular system, and a separate third party manufactures our proprietary LeadCare
instruments. These instruments are manufactured exclusively for Meridian according to our specifications. While other manufacturers for these types of instruments are available, we source solely from one manufacturer to limit the costs
involved in clearing the system for marketing in the United States. If these third-party manufacturers fail to supply us with instruments, we will need to secure another manufacturer, and it may take as long as 12 months to transfer instrument
manufacturing. An interruption in the manufacturing of these instruments could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.  
      - 20 -  

Table of Contents  

  Additionally, one third party manufactures one certain reagent for use with our   illumi   gene 
assays. While alternative suppliers exist, we elect to utilize this third party exclusively in order to maintain consistency in our materials, which is critical in complying with FDA regulatory requirements.  
  Finished Products     We outsource the manufacturing for
certain finished diagnostic products to third parties. A disruption in the supply of these finished products could have a material adverse effect on our business until we find another supplier or bring manufacturing in-house.  
 Four products manufactured exclusively for us by two separate and independent companies accounted for 12%, 15% and 14% of consolidated revenues in fiscal
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Meridian owns all rights and title to the FDA 510(k) clearances for these products.    Activities undertaken by
Meridian to reduce the risk of these sole-supplier arrangements include maintaining adequate inventory levels, supplier qualification procedures, supplier audits, site visits and frequent communication. Additionally, we have identified potential
alternate suppliers.     Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Product Liability   
   We may be unable to protect or obtain proprietary rights that we utilize or intend to utilize.    
 In developing and manufacturing our products, we employ a variety of proprietary and patented technologies. In addition, we have licensed, and expect to
continue to license, various complementary technologies and methods from academic institutions and public and private companies. We cannot provide assurance that the technologies that we own or license provide protection from competitive threats or
from challenges to our intellectual property. In addition, we cannot provide assurances that we will be successful in obtaining and retaining licenses or proprietary or patented technologies in the future.  
   Product infringement claims by other companies could result in costly disputes and could limit our ability to sell our products.    
 Litigation over intellectual property rights is prevalent in the diagnostic industry. As the market for diagnostics continues to grow and the number of
participants in the market increases, we may increasingly be subject to patent infringement claims. It is possible that a third party may claim infringement against us. If found to infringe, we may attempt to obtain a license to such
intellectual property; however, we may be unable to do so on favorable terms, or at all. Additionally, if our products are found to infringe on third-party intellectual property, we may be required to pay damages for past infringement and lose
the ability to sell certain products, causing our revenues to decrease. Any substantial underinsured loss resulting from such a claim could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and the damage to our reputation in the industry
could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
      - 21 -  

Table of Contents  

    If product liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and
may have to limit or cease sales of our products.      The testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical diagnostic products involves an inherent
risk of product liability claims. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit or cease sales of our products. We currently carry product
liability insurance at a level we believe is commercially reasonable, although there is no assurance that it will be adequate to cover claims that may arise. In certain customer contracts, we indemnify third parties for certain product
liability claims related to our products. These indemnification obligations may cause us to pay significant sums of money for claims that are covered by these indemnifications. In addition, a defect in the design or manufacture of our
products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation in the industry and subject us to claims of liability for injury and otherwise. Any substantial underinsured loss resulting from such a claim could have a material adverse effect
on our profitability, and the damage to our reputation in the industry could have a material adverse effect on our business.     Other Risks Affecting Our
Business       Our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to attract, hire and retain key personnel.    
 Our future success depends on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain highly qualified personnel, including our executive officers and scientific,
technical, sales and marketing employees, and their ability to manage growth successfully. If such key employees were to leave and we were unable to obtain adequate replacements, our operating results could be adversely affected.  
   Our bank credit agreements impose restrictions with respect to our operations.    
 Our bank credit agreements contain a number of financial covenants that require us to meet certain financial ratios and tests. If we fail to comply with
the obligations in the credit agreements, we would be in default under the credit agreements. If an event of default is not cured or waived, it could result in acceleration of any indebtedness under our credit agreements, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. At September 30, 2016, we have approximately $59,000 outstanding on a five-year term loan entered into in connection with the Magellan acquisition and no borrowings are outstanding under our $30,000 bank
revolving credit facility.  
      - 22 -  

Table of Contents  

    We face risks related to global economic conditions.    
 We currently generate significant operating cash flows, which combined with access to the credit markets, provides us with discretionary funding capacity for
research and development and other strategic activities. However, as an enterprise with global operations and markets, our operations and financial performance are in part dependent upon global economic conditions, and we could be negatively
impacted by a global, regional or national economic crisis, including sovereign risk in the event of deterioration in the credit worthiness of or a default by local governments. We are particularly susceptible to the economic conditions in
countries where government-sponsored health care systems are the primary payers for health care, including those countries within the European Union that are reducing their public expenditures in an effort to achieve cost savings. The
uncertainty in global economic conditions poses a risk to the overall economy that could impact demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors, including
financial institutions. As such, if global economic conditions deteriorate significantly, our business could be negatively impacted, including such areas as reduced demand for our products from a slow-down in the general economy, supplier or
customer disruptions resulting from tighter credit markets, and/or temporary interruptions in our ability to conduct day-to-day transactions through our financial intermediaries involving the payment to or collection of funds from our customers,
vendors and suppliers. While to-date such factors have not had a significant negative impact on our results or operations, we continue to monitor and plan for the potential impact of these global economic factors. 
 On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union (commonly referred to as  Brexit ) and while the impact of Brexit remains
uncertain, the resulting immediate changes in foreign currency exchange rates has limited overall impact due to natural hedging. However, any predicted deterioration in the United Kingdom and European economic outlook may have an adverse effect on
revenue growth, but the extent of such effect cannot yet be quantified. In the longer term, it is highly likely we will be directly impacted in a number of key areas including the hiring and retention of qualified staff, regulatory affairs,
manufacturing and logistics. We are closely monitoring the Brexit developments in order to determine, quantify and proactively address changes as they become clear. Despite the Brexit developments, we do not expect macroeconomic conditions
to have a significant impact on our liquidity needs, financial condition or results of operations, although no assurances can be made in this regard. We intend to continue to fund our working capital requirements and dividends from current cash
flows from operating activities and cash on hand. If needed, we also have an additional source of liquidity through our $30,000 bank revolving credit facility. Our liquidity needs may change if overall economic conditions change and/or
liquidity and credit within the financial markets tightens for an extended period of time, and such conditions impact the collectibility of our customer accounts receivable or impact credit terms with our vendors, or disrupt the supply of raw
materials and services.      Breaches of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations.    
 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Like many multinational
corporations, our information technology systems may be subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks. We also store certain information with third parties that could be subject
to these types of attacks. Such attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being lost or stolen, disruption of our operations, and other negative consequences, such as increased costs for security measures
or remediation costs, and diversion of management attention. While we will continue to implement additional protective measures to reduce the risk of and detect cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and the
techniques used in such attacks change rapidly. There can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent attacks that could have a significant impact on our business.  
      - 23 -  

Table of Contents  

    Natural disasters, war and other events could adversely affect our future revenues and operating income.
     Natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts, and actions taken by the United States and
other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the United States and in areas outside of the United States in which we operate. These
events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for, or cause interruptions in, the supply of materials from our suppliers.  
  Risks Related to Our Common Stock     Our board of directors
has the authority to issue up to 1,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of such shares without any future vote or action by the
shareholders. The issuance of preferred stock under certain circumstances could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. Ohio corporation law contains provisions that may discourage takeover bids for
our company that have not been negotiated with the board of directors. Such provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. In addition, sales of substantial amounts of
such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital at a price favorable to us.  
 ITEM 1B.      
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS     None.  
 ITEM 2.  
    PROPERTIES     Our
corporate offices, Diagnostics manufacturing facility and Diagnostics research and development facility are located in five buildings totaling approximately 120,000 square feet on 10 acres of land in the Village of Newtown, a suburb of Cincinnati,
Ohio. These properties are owned by us. Magellan s operations are headquartered in an approximately 23,000 square foot leased facility in Billerica, Massachusetts, in which it conducts manufacturing, research and development, sales,
and administrative activities. We also operate a Diagnostics sales and distribution center near Milan, Italy in an approximately 18,000 square foot building. This facility is owned by our wholly-owned Italian subsidiary, Meridian
Bioscience Europe s.r.l. We also rent office space in Paris, France and Braine-l Alleud, Belgium for sales and administrative functions.  
      - 24 -  

Table of Contents  

  Our Life Science operations are conducted in several facilities in Memphis, Tennessee; Boca Raton, Florida;
Taunton, Massachusetts; London, England; Luckenwalde, Germany; Sydney, Australia; Singapore; and Beijing, China. Our facility in Memphis, Tennessee consists of two buildings totaling approximately 44,000 square feet and is owned by us. Our
leased facility in Boca Raton, Florida contains approximately 7,500 square feet of manufacturing space. Following are details of our other Life Science facilities, all of which are leased: Taunton   approximately 10,000 square feet of
sales and warehouse space; London   approximately 20,000 square feet of sales, warehouse, distribution, research and development, manufacturing and administrative office space; Luckenwalde   approximately 10,000 square feet of sales,
warehouse and manufacturing space; Sydney   approximately 5,000 square feet of sales, warehouse, research and development, and manufacturing space; Singapore   approximately 2,000 square feet of sales and business development space;
Beijing   less than 1,000 square feet of representative office space maintained for business development purposes.    ITEM 3.  
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 We are a party to various litigation matters that we believe are in the normal course of business. The ultimate resolution of these matters is not
expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. No material provision has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for these matters.  
 ITEM 4.  
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
 Not applicable.  
      - 25 -  

Table of Contents  

    PART II.  
 ITEM 5.  
    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON   
  EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
  Refer to  Forward-Looking Statements  following the Index in front of this Form 10-K and Item 1A  Risk Factors  on Pages 15 through 24
of this Annual Report.      Common Stock Information  on the inside back cover of the Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal 2016 and
 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)  relating to our dividends in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements are incorporated herein by reference. Except as may otherwise be prohibited by applicable law, there are no
restrictions on cash dividend payments.    During fiscal 2016, our indicated annual dividend rate of $0.80 per share approximated 105% of full year diluted
earnings per share (approximately 100% excluding the effect of costs related to acquisition activities and restructuring our sales and marketing leadership), exceeding our long-standing policy of establishing a cash dividend payout ratio of between
75% and 85% of each fiscal year s expected net earnings. Despite there being certain individual fiscal years in which our payout ratio has fallen outside of this policy range, since adopting this policy in November 2002, our cumulative
cash dividend payout has only slightly exceeded this range, approximating 86% of cumulative net earnings during this timeframe. The declaration and amount of dividends will be determined by the board of directors in its discretion based upon
its evaluation of earnings, cash flow requirements and future business developments and opportunities, including acquisitions. At its meeting on November 9, 2016, the board of directors announced a continuation of the $0.80 indicated annual
dividend rate per share for fiscal 2017. We paid dividends of $0.80 per share in fiscal 2016, $0.80 per share in fiscal 2015 and $0.79 per share in fiscal 2014.  
 As of September 30, 2016, there were approximately 525 holders of record and approximately 17,700 beneficial owners of our common shares.  
 ITEM 6.      
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA     Incorporated by reference from inside front cover of the Annual Report to Shareholders for 2016.  
      - 26 -  

Table of Contents  

  ITEM 7.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL   
  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
  Refer to  Forward-Looking Statements  following the Index in front of this Form 10-K and Item 1A  Risk Factors  on Pages 15 through 24
of this Annual Report.     In the discussion that follows, all amounts are in thousands (both tables and text), except per share data .   
   Results of Operations:        Highlights
     As more fully detailed below, fiscal 2016 was highlighted by our March 24, 2016 acquisition of Magellan Biosciences, Inc., and its wholly-owned
subsidiary Magellan Diagnostics, Inc. (collectively,  Magellan ). Headquartered near Boston, Massachusetts, Magellan is a leading manufacturer of FDA-cleared products for the testing of blood to diagnose lead poisoning in children and
adults. Magellan is the leading provider of point-of-care lead testing systems in the U.S.   In addition, during the year we (i) commercialized our
  illumi   gene  Malaria product outside of the U.S.; and (ii) commercialized our   illumi   gene  Mycoplasma Direct product in the U.S.   representing the ninth and tenth assays for our
  illumi   gene  molecular platform menu.      Fourth Quarter    
 Net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 decreased 35% to $5,491, or $0.13 per diluted share, from net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
of $8,467, or $0.20 per diluted share. These fourth quarter results included $677 of costs associated with the restructuring of our sales and marketing leadership (impact on net earnings of $431, or $0.01 per diluted share). Consolidated
revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 totaled $46,998, remaining relatively flat compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015; increasing 1% on a constant-currency basis.  
 Revenues for the Diagnostics segment for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 remained flat compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 (increasing 1% on a
constant-currency basis), comprised of a 15% decrease in molecular products and a 7% increase in non-molecular products, including $5,282 of Magellan revenues. With a 2% increase in its molecular components business and a 4% decline in its
immunoassay components business, revenues for our Life Science segment decreased 2% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. On a constant-currency basis, revenues for our Life Science Segment were
flat.  
      - 27 -  

Table of Contents  

  The fourth quarter revenues reflect a combination of ongoing competitive pressures within the  C. difficile 
and foodborne product families, distributor order patterns and the timing of respiratory season stocking orders within the core diagnostics business   offset by the positive effects of continued growth in our  H. pylori  product family and
the addition of Magellan revenues.      Fiscal Year    
 Net earnings for fiscal 2016 decreased 9% to $32,229, or $0.76 per diluted share, from net earnings for fiscal 2015 of $35,540, or $0.85 per diluted
share. Fiscal 2016 results included $677 of costs associated with the restructuring of our sales and marketing leadership and $1,481 of costs associated with our acquisition activities (combined impact on net earnings of $1,664, or $0.04 per
diluted share). Consolidated revenues increased 1% to $196,082 for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, and also increased 1% on a constant-currency basis.  
 In fiscal 2016, revenues for the Diagnostics segment decreased 1% compared to fiscal 2015 and were flat on a constant-currency basis, comprised of a 6%
decrease in molecular products and a 1% increase in non-molecular products, including $10,034 of Magellan revenues. With flat revenues in its molecular components business and an 8% increase in its immunoassay components business, revenues of our
Life Science segment increased 5% during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Revenues increased 7% on a constant-currency basis.      REVENUE
OVERVIEW      Below are analyses of the Company s revenue, provided for each of the following:  

By Reportable Segment   Geographic Region        

By Product Platform/Type        Revenue Overview- By Reportable Segment   Geographic Region    
 Our reportable segments are Diagnostics and Life Science. The Diagnostics segment consists of manufacturing operations for infectious disease products in
Cincinnati, Ohio and, as a result of the acquisition of Magellan, manufacturing operations for products detecting elevated lead levels in blood in Billerica, Massachusetts (near Boston). These diagnostic test products are sold and distributed
in the countries comprising North, Central and South America (the  Americas  Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA  and other countries outside of the Americas and EMEA (rest of the world, or  ROW ). The Life
Science segment consists of manufacturing operations in Memphis, Tennessee; Boca Raton, Florida; London, England; Luckenwalde, Germany; and Sydney, Australia, and the sale and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents,
nucleotides, competent cells, and bioresearch reagents domestically and abroad, including sales and business development offices in Singapore and Beijing, China to further pursue growing revenue opportunities in Asia.  
      - 28 -  

Table of Contents  

  Revenues for the Diagnostics segment, in the normal course of business, may be affected from quarter to quarter
by buying patterns of major distributors, seasonality and strength of certain diseases, and foreign currency exchange rates. Revenues for the Life Science segment, in the normal course of business, may be affected from quarter to quarter by
buying patterns of major customers, and foreign currency exchange rates. We believe that the overall breadth of our product lines serves to reduce the variability in consolidated revenues due to these factors. 
 Revenues for each of our segments and the geographic regions therein are shown below.  

- 29 -  

Table of Contents  

    Revenue Overview- By Product Platform/Type    
 The revenues generated by each of our reportable segments result primarily from the sale of the following segment-specific categories of products:  
  Diagnostics       

1) 
 Molecular tests that operate on our   illumi   gene  platform        

2) 
 Non-molecular tests on multiple technology platforms       Life Science   

1) 
 Molecular components        

2) 
 Immunoassay components      Revenues for each product platform/type, as well as its relative percentage of segment
revenues, are shown below.      
   Following is a discussion of the revenues generated by each of these product platforms/types:  
  Diagnostics Products       Molecular Products
     During fiscal 2016, revenues from our   illumi   gene  molecular platform of products totaled $38,302, representing a 6% decrease
from fiscal 2015 (also 6% in constant-currency). This decrease reflects the ongoing intense competition within the molecular-based testing market.  
      - 30 -  

Table of Contents  

  We have over 1,500 customer account placements. Of these account placements, approximately 1,300 accounts
have completed evaluations and validations and are regularly purchasing product, with the balance of our account placements being in some stage of product evaluation and/or validation. Of our account placements, we have nearly 450 accounts that
are regularly purchasing, evaluating and/or validating two or more assays.   We continue to invest in new product development for our molecular testing
platform, and this platform now has the following commercialized tests:      

2. 
   illumi   gene  Group B  Streptococcus  (Group B Strep or GBS)   commercialized in December 2011        

3. 
   illumi   gene  Group A  Streptococcus  (Group A Strep)   commercialized in September 2012        

4. 
   illumi   gene  Mycoplasma ( M. pneumoniae;  walking pneumonia)   commercialized in June 2013        

5. 
   illumi   gene Bordetella pertussis  (whooping cough)   commercialized in March 2014        

6. 
   illumi   gene Chlamydia trachomatis    commercialized outside of U.S. in February 2015        

7. 
   illumi   gene Neisseria gonorrhea    commercialized outside of U.S. in February 2015        

9. 
   illumi   gene  Malaria   commercialized outside of U.S. in February 2016        

10. 
   illumi   gene  Mycoplasma Direct ( M. pneumoniae;  walking pneumonia)   commercialized in June 2016    
 We believe that the diagnostic testing market is continuing to selectively move away from culture and immunoassay testing to molecular testing for diseases
where there is a favorable cost/benefit position for the total cost of health care. While this market is competitive, with molecular companies such as Cepheid and Becton Dickinson, and others such as Quidel, Great Basin, Nanosphere and Alere,
we believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on the migration to molecular testing. Our simple, easy-to-use,   illumi   gene  platform, with its expanding menu, requires no expensive equipment purchase and little to no maintenance
cost. We believe these features, along with its small footprint and the performance of the   illumi   gene  assays, make   illumi   gene  an attractive molecular platform to any size hospital or physician office
laboratory that runs moderately-complex tests.      Non-molecular Products    
 Revenues from our Diagnostics segment s non-molecular products increased 1% in fiscal 2016, also following a 1% increase in fiscal 2015. These
current year results reflect the addition of Magellan s revenue, increased revenues in our  H. pylori  immunoassay products, and an overall decrease in revenues of our other immunoassay product lines, most notably our foodborne and certain
other legacy product families.    Since the March 24, 2016 acquisition, revenues from Magellan s sale of products to test for elevated levels of lead
in blood have totaled $10,034. This level of revenues reflects an 11% increase over the six-month period ended September 30, 2015, which was prior to Meridian ownership.  
      - 31 -  

Table of Contents  

  During fiscal 2016, revenues from our  H. pylori  products increased 8% (9% in constant-currency) to
$32,300, which followed a 6% increase during fiscal 2015. This increase continues to reflect the benefits of our partnerships with managed care companies in promoting (i) the health and economic benefits of a test and treat strategy; (ii)
changes in policies that discourage the use of traditional serology methods and promote the utilization of active infection testing methods; and (iii) physician behavior movement away from serology-based testing and toward direct antigen
testing. A significant amount of the  H. pylori  product revenues are from reference labs, whose buying patterns may not be consistent period to period. In addition to our managed care strategy, we have also employed bulk-buy sales
promotions into selected distribution and laboratory channels as a defensive strategy against potential new competitive product introductions expected in fiscal 2017.  
 The patents for our  H. pylori  products are owned by us and expired in May 2016 in the U.S., and will expire in fiscal 2017 in countries outside the
U.S. We expect competition with respect to our  H. pylori  products to increase in fiscal 2017 as we currently market the only FDA-cleared tests to detect  H. pylori  antigen in stool samples. Such competition may have an adverse
impact on our selling prices for these products, or our ability to retain business at prices acceptable to us, and consequently, adversely affect our future results of operations and liquidity, including revenues and gross profit. In order to
mitigate competition, our product development pipeline includes multiple new product initiatives for the detection of  H. pylori . We are unable to provide assurances that we will be successful with any mitigation strategy or that any
mitigation strategy will prevent an adverse effect on our future results of operations and liquidity, including revenues and gross profit.    During fiscal
2016, revenues from our other immunoassay products (including  C. difficile , foodborne and respiratory) decreased 16% (15% in constant-currency) to $63,000, following a 2% decrease in fiscal 2015. This decrease results primarily from the
effects of continued increased competition, distributor order patterns and the timing of our promotional  stock-and-block  programs in previous periods.  
  Life Science Products     During fiscal 2016, revenues from
our Life Science segment increased 5%, with revenues from molecular components sales remaining flat compared to fiscal 2015 and revenues from immunoassay components sales increasing 8%. Life Science segment revenues increased 3% in fiscal 2015,
with revenues from molecular component sales decreasing 1% from fiscal 2014 and revenues from immunoassay component sales increasing 6%. Our molecular components business  growth was negatively impacted by the movement in currency exchange
rates since fiscal 2015, with revenues increasing 4% on a constant-currency basis over fiscal 2015. Our Life Science segment continued to benefit from increased sales into China, with such sales totaling approximately $4,100 during fiscal 2016
(approximately $1,000 in the molecular components business and $3,100 in the immunoassay components business).  
      - 32 -  

Table of Contents  

    Foreign Currency    
 During fiscal 2016, currency exchange had an approximate $1,700 unfavorable impact on revenues; $700 within the Diagnostics segment and $1,000 within the Life
Science segment. This compares to currency exchange rates having an approximate $4,700 unfavorable impact on revenues in fiscal 2015; $3,200 within the Diagnostics segment and $1,500 within the Life Science segment. Due to natural hedge
relationships with expenses, both cost of sales and operating expenses, the overall impact of exchange rate fluctuations on net earnings was not significant during fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.  
   Significant Customers      Revenue concentrations
related to certain customers within our Diagnostics and Life Science segments are set forth in Note 8 of the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Medical Device Tax      On January 1, 2013, the
medical device tax established as part of the U.S. health care reform legislation became effective, and as a result, the Company made its first required tax deposit near the end of January 2013. During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company
recorded approximately $500, $1,900 and $1,750, respectively, of medical device tax expense, which is reflected as a component of cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. During December 2015, the Consolidations
Appropriations Act of 2016 imposed a two-year moratorium on this excise tax effective January 1, 2016. During calendar years 2016 and 2017, this moratorium would result in approximately $2,000 of savings each year. We are unable to predict
any future legislative changes or developments related to this moratorium or excise tax.      Gross Profit:    
   The overall gross profit margin increase during fiscal 2016 primarily results from the combined effects of (i) mix of products
sold, particularly the higher revenue contribution from  H. pylori  products; (ii) realization of manufacturing facility efficiencies for our   illumi   gene  products as a result of bringing in-house certain reagent dispensing
operations that were previously outsourced; (iii) manufacturing efficiencies in our Life Science segment; (iv) favorable effects of currency rates related to products where the purchase cost is denominated in Euros but the customer sales are billed
in U.S. dollars; and (v) decreased medical device tax payments. The overall increase in the gross profit margin from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 reflects the combined effects of (i) mix of products sold; (ii) realization of manufacturing
facility efficiencies; and (iii) favorable effects of currency rates related to products where the purchase cost is denominated in Euros but the customer sales are billed in U.S. dollars. 
      - 33 -  

Table of Contents  

  Our overall operations consist of the sale of diagnostic test kits for various disease states and in alternative
test formats, as well as bioresearch reagents, bulk antigens and antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells, and proficiency panels. Product revenue mix shifts, in the normal course of business, can cause the consolidated gross
profit margin to fluctuate by several points.      Operating Expenses:    
   
   Total operating expenses increased during both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, resulting primarily from the combined effects of
the following:      Diagnostics    
  Fiscal 2016 increase       

Addition of Magellan s operating expenses since the March 24, 2016 date of acquisition, which represent approximately 50% of the total Diagnostics operating expense increase;    

Increased investment in Sales   Marketing activities, including new leadership and an expansion in sales territories;        

Costs incurred in connections with acquisition activities, most notably related to the acquisition of Magellan; and        

Costs incurred in connection with restructuring Sales   Marketing leadership, which relate to severance obligations for former employees.    
      - 34 -  

Table of Contents  

   Fiscal 2015 increase   

Increased personnel costs resulting from increased Sales   Marketing headcount, and increased sales commission payments made in connection with increased sales levels;    

Increased legal spending over the prior year, largely related to a foreign distributor matter; and        

Decreased various personnel related costs resulting in part from the death of our Executive Chairman during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014.    
   Life Science       Fiscal 2016
increase       

Increased investment in Sales   Marketing activities, including increased personnel, travel and marketing spending.    
 The amount of stock-based compensation expense reported for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $2,911, $3,324 and $3,557, respectively. During fiscal 2014
through fiscal 2016, we granted restricted share units to certain employees, generally with half of each employee s grant being time-vested restricted share units vesting in total on the fourth anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining
half being subject to attainment of a specified earnings target for each respective fiscal year. Although dividend equivalents were paid on these units throughout each of the respective fiscal years, because Meridian s net earnings did not
reach the minimum levels in any of these three fiscal years, the performance-based awards were not earned and no stock-based compensation was recorded for the performance-based awards, except for those performance-based restricted share units being
held by our Executive Chairman at the time of his death in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014.   Additionally, during both fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016, in
connection with the extension of an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, we granted to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (i) restricted share units to be earned only if specified revenue and earnings per share targets were achieved for
each of fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016; and (ii) time-vested options, with half vesting September 30, 2015 and half vesting September 30, 2016. As a result of the fiscal 2015 performance targets being achieved, the restricted share units were
earned and the related compensation expense recorded in fiscal 2015. However, as a result of the fiscal 2016 performance targets not being achieved, the restricted share units have been cancelled and no related compensation expense was recorded
in fiscal 2016.     Operating Income     Operating income
decreased 8% and increased 7% in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, as a result of the factors discussed above.  
      - 35 -  

Table of Contents  

   Other Income and Expense   
 Fiscal 2016 other income and expense includes interest costs on a term loan used to fund the acquisition of Magellan. The effective interest rate on this
term loan is 2.76%. In fiscal 2015, other income and expense included $1,100 of foreign currency losses, which related primarily to a foreign subsidiary intercompany loan. This compares to $600 of foreign currency gains and $300 of foreign
currency losses in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2014, respectively.     Income Taxes   
 The effective rate for income taxes was 36%, 35% and 33% for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increases over the last two fiscal years result
from (i) the non-deductibility of certain expenses incurred in connection with the Company s acquisition activities (2016); (ii) increased apportionments in certain state taxing jurisdictions (2016 and 2015); and (iii) the timing of
renewal/expiration of the research and experimentation credit in the U.S. during these periods.    Impact of Inflation   
 To the extent feasible, we have consistently followed the practice of adjusting our prices to reflect the impact of inflation on salaries and fringe benefits
for employees and the cost of purchased materials and services. Inflation and changing prices did not have a material adverse impact on our gross margin, revenues or operating income in fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.  
   Liquidity and Capital Resources:        Liquidity
     Our cash flow and financing requirements are determined by analyses of operating and capital spending budgets, debt service, consideration of
acquisition plans and consideration of common share dividends. We have historically maintained a credit facility to augment working capital requirements and to respond quickly to acquisition opportunities. 
 We have an investment policy that guides the holdings of our investment portfolio, which presently consists of overnight repurchase agreements, bank savings
accounts and institutional money market mutual funds. Our objectives in managing the investment portfolio are to (i) preserve capital; (ii) provide sufficient liquidity to meet working capital requirements and fund strategic objectives such as
acquisitions; and (iii) capture a market rate of return commensurate with market conditions and our policy s investment eligibility criteria. As we look forward, we will continue to manage the holdings of our investment portfolio with
preservation of capital being the primary objective.  
      - 36 -  

Table of Contents  

  On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union (commonly referred to as
 Brexit ) and while the impact of Brexit remains uncertain, the resulting immediate changes in foreign currency exchange rates has limited overall impact due to natural hedging. However, any predicted deterioration in the United Kingdom
and European economic outlook may have an adverse effect on revenue growth, but the extent of such effect cannot yet be quantified. In the longer term, it is possible that we will be directly impacted in a number of key areas including the hiring
and retention of qualified staff, regulatory affairs, manufacturing and logistics. We are closely monitoring the Brexit developments in order to determine, quantify and proactively address changes as they become clear. Despite the Brexit
developments, we do not expect macroeconomic conditions to have a significant impact on our liquidity needs, financial condition or results of operations, although no assurances can be made in this regard. We intend to continue to fund our
working capital requirements and dividends from current cash flows from operating activities and cash on hand. If needed, we also have an additional source of liquidity through our $30,000 bank revolving credit facility. Our liquidity
needs may change if overall economic conditions worsen and/or liquidity and credit within the financial markets tightens for an extended period of time, and such conditions impact the collectibility of our customer accounts receivable or impact
credit terms with our vendors, or disrupt the supply of raw materials and services.    Fluctuations in overall stock market valuations may raise questions
as to the potential impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets. Our annual goodwill impairment review takes place as of June 30 th  each year, and is performed at the reporting unit
level. There have been no impairments from these annual reviews. As of September 30, 2016, our stock price was $19.29 per share, compared to our book value per share of $3.95. This relationship, stock price trading at a 4.9x multiple
of book value, is an indicator that the fluctuation in overall stock market valuations and its impact on our stock price has not been a triggering event for impairment of our goodwill and other long-lived assets.  
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $37,223 during fiscal 2016, a 13% decrease from the $42,809 provided during fiscal 2015. While
reflecting the effects of the timing of payments from customers, and to suppliers and taxing authorities, this decrease also results in large part from the increase in inventory levels. The levels of inventory in our Life Science segment have
been increased in anticipation of demand related to various initiatives, most notably further expansion into the Asian market. Net cash flows from operating activities and cash on hand are anticipated to be adequate to fund working capital
requirements, capital expenditures and dividends during the next 12 months.    During fiscal 2016, the per share amount of our cash dividends paid
represented 105% of our diluted earnings per share (approximately 100% excluding the effect of costs related to acquisition activities and restructuring our Sales and Marketing leadership), exceeding our long-standing policy of establishing a cash
dividend payout ratio of between 75% and 85% of diluted earnings per share. Despite there being certain individual fiscal years in which our payout ratio has fallen outside of this policy range, since adopting this policy in November 2002, our
cumulative cash dividend payout has only slightly exceeded this range, approximating 86% of cumulative net earnings during this timeframe. 
      - 37 -  

Table of Contents  

    Capital Resources    
 In connection with the acquisition of Magellan, the Company entered into a $60,000 five-year term loan with a commercial bank. The term loan requires
quarterly principal and interest payments, with interest at a variable rate tied to LIBOR, and a balloon principal payment at the end of five years (see  Known Contractual Obligations  below). In addition, we have a $30,000 revolving
credit facility with a commercial bank that expires March 31, 2021. As of November 22, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding on this facility and we had 100% borrowing capacity available to us. We have had no borrowings outstanding
under this revolving credit facility during fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.    Our capital expenditures are estimated to range between approximately $3,000 to
$4,000 for fiscal 2017, with the actual amount dependent upon actual operating results and the phasing of certain projects. Such expenditures may be funded with cash and equivalents on hand, operating cash flows and/or availability under the
$30,000 revolving credit facility discussed above.     Known Contractual Obligations:    
 Known contractual obligations and their related due dates were as follows as of September 30, 2016:  

(1)   
 Meridian and its subsidiaries are lessees of (i) office and warehouse buildings in Ohio, Massachusetts, Florida, Australia, Belgium, France, Germany, Singapore, China and the U.K.; (ii) automobiles for use by the
diagnostic direct sales forces in the U.S. and Europe; and (iii) certain office equipment such as facsimile machines and copier machines across all business units, under operating lease agreements that expire at various dates.    

(2)   
 Purchase obligations relate primarily to outstanding purchase orders for inventory and service items. These contractual commitments are not in excess of expected production requirements over the next twelve months.
   
      - 38 -  

Table of Contents  

(3)   
 These principal and interest payments relate to the $60,000 five-year term loan with a commercial bank entered into in connection with the acquisition of Magellan. The term loan requires quarterly principal and
interest payments, with interest at a variable rate tied to LIBOR, and a balloon principal payment at the end of five years. The interest payments reflect the impact of an interest rate swap agreement with the commercial bank, which effectively
converts the variable interest rate on the term loan to a fixed rate of 2.76%.    

(4)   
 As of September 30, 2016, our liabilities for uncertain tax positions and related interest and penalties were $502 and $130, respectively. Due to inherent uncertainties in the timing of settlement of tax positions,
we are unable to estimate the timing of the effective settlement of these obligations.        Other Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements:        License Agreements    
 Meridian has entered into various license agreements that require payment of royalties based on a specified percentage of sales of related
products. Approximately 85% of our royalty expenses relate to our Diagnostics operating segment, where the royalty rates range from 4% to 8%. Meridian expects that payments under these agreements will amount to approximately $3,500 in
fiscal 2017.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
 We do not utilize any special-purpose financing vehicles or have any undisclosed off-balance sheet arrangements.  
   Market Risk Exposure:        Foreign Currency Risk
     We have market risk exposure related to foreign currency transactions from our operations outside the United States, as well as certain suppliers
to our domestic businesses located outside the United States. The foreign currencies where we have market risk exposure are the Australian dollar, the British pound, the Euro and the Singapore dollar. Assessing foreign currency exposures
is a component of our overall ongoing risk management process, with such currency risks managed as we deem appropriate.     Concentration of
Customers/Products Risk      Our Diagnostics segment s revenues from sales through two U.S. distributors were 27% of the segment s total
revenues or 20% of consolidated revenues for fiscal 2016. Additionally, five of our product families accounted for 73% of our Diagnostics segment s third-party revenues during fiscal 2016, and 54% of our fiscal 2016 consolidated revenues.  
 Our Life Science segment s revenues from sales of purified antigens and reagents to two diagnostics manufacturing customers were 18% of the
segment s total revenues for fiscal 2016, and 5% of our fiscal 2016 consolidated revenues. 
      - 39 -  

Table of Contents  

     Critical Accounting Policies :    
 The consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. Such accounting principles require management to make judgments about estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. Management
believes that the following accounting policies are critical to understanding the accompanying consolidated financial statements because the application of such polices requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, and the carrying
values of related assets and liabilities are material.      Revenue Recognition    
 Our revenue is generally recognized from sales when product is shipped and title has passed to the customer. Revenue for the Diagnostics segment is
reduced at the date of sale for product price adjustments due to certain distributors under local contracts. Management estimates accruals for distributor price adjustments based on local contract terms, sales data provided by distributors,
historical statistics, current trends, and other factors. Changes to the accruals are recorded in the period that they become known.    Revenue for our
Diagnostics segment includes revenue for our   illumi   gene  molecular test system. This system includes an instrument, instrument accessories and test kits. In markets where the test system is sold via multiple deliverable
arrangements, the cost of the instrument and instrument accessories is deferred upon placement at a customer and amortized on a straight-line basis into cost of sales over the expected utilization period, generally three years. 
 We evaluate whether each deliverable in the arrangement is a separate unit of accounting. The significant deliverables are an instrument, instrument
accessories (e.g., printer) and test kits. An instrument and instrument accessories are delivered to the customer prior to the start of the customer utilization period, in order to accommodate customer set-up and installation. There is  de
minimis  consideration received from the customer at the time of instrument placement. We have determined that the instrument and instrument accessories are not a separate unit of accounting because such equipment can only be used to process and
read the results from our   illumi   gene  diagnostic tests (i.e., our instrument and test kits function together to deliver a diagnostic test result), and therefore the instrument and instrument accessories do not have standalone
value to the customer. Consequently, there is no revenue allocated to the placement of the instrument and instrument accessories. Test kits are delivered to the customer over the utilization period of the instrument, which we estimate has a useful
life of three years. Our average customer contract period, including estimated renewals, is at least equal to the estimated three-year utilization period. Revenue for the sale of test kits is recognized upon shipment and transfer of title
to the customers.    In markets where the test system is not sold via multiple deliverable arrangements, the cost of the instrument and instrument
accessories is charged to cost of sales at the time of shipment and transfer of title to the customer. Revenue for the sales of instruments and instrument accessories and test kits is recognized upon shipment and transfer of title to the
customers. In these markets, our   illumi   gene  molecular test system is sold to independent distributors who inventory the instruments, instrument accessories and test kits for resale to end-users.  
      - 40 -  

Table of Contents  

  Our products are generally not subject to a customer right of return except for product recall events under the
rules and regulations of the Food and Drug Administration or equivalent agencies outside the United States. In this circumstance, the costs to replace affected products would be accrued at the time a loss was probable and estimable.  
   Inventories      Our inventories are carried at the
lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. We establish reserves against cost for excess and obsolete materials, finished goods whose shelf life may expire before sale to customers, and other
identified exposures. We estimate these reserves based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual demand and market conditions were to be less favorable than such estimates, additional inventory write-downs would
be required and recorded in the period known. Such adjustments would negatively affect gross profit margin and overall results of operations.  
   Intangible Assets      Our intangible assets include
identifiable intangibles and goodwill. Identifiable intangibles include customer lists and relationships, supply agreements, manufacturing technologies, patents, licenses, trade names, and non-compete agreements. All of Meridian s
identifiable intangibles have finite lives.    Goodwill is subject to an annual impairment review (or more frequently if impairment indicators
arise). There have been no impairments from these analyses.    Identifiable intangibles with finite lives are reviewed for impairment when events or
circumstances indicate that such assets may not be recoverable at their current carrying value. Whether an event or circumstance triggers impairment is determined by comparing an estimate of the asset s undiscounted future cash flows to
its carrying value. If impairment has occurred, it is measured by a fair-value based test. There were no events or circumstances in fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014 indicating that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable.  
 Our ability to recover intangible assets, both identifiable intangibles and goodwill, is dependent upon the future cash flows of the related acquired
businesses and assets. We are required to make judgments and assumptions regarding future cash flows, including sales levels, gross profit margins, operating expense levels, working capital levels, and capital expenditures. With respect to
identifiable intangibles, we also make judgments and assumptions regarding useful lives.  
      - 41 -  

Table of Contents  

  We consider the following factors in evaluating events and circumstances for possible impairment: (i) significant
under-performance relative to historical or projected operating results; (ii) negative industry trends; (iii) sales levels of specific groups of products (related to specific identifiable intangibles); (iv) changes in overall business strategies;
and (v) other factors.    If actual cash flows decrease, this could trigger impairment of intangible assets and other long-lived assets. If impairment
were to occur, this would negatively affect overall results of operations.      Income Taxes    
 Our provision for income taxes includes federal, foreign, state and local income taxes currently payable and those deferred because of temporary differences
between income for financial reporting purposes and income for tax purposes. We prepare estimates of permanent and temporary differences between income for financial reporting purposes and income for tax purposes. These differences are
adjusted to actual upon filing of our tax returns, typically occurring in the third and fourth quarters of the current fiscal year for the preceding fiscal year s estimates.  
 Our deferred tax assets include net operating loss carryforwards. The realization of tax benefits related to net operating loss carryforwards is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the applicable jurisdictions. We assess the level of deferred tax asset valuation allowance needed, if any, by taking into consideration historical and future projected operating
results, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, and tax planning strategies. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable could be reduced in future years if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward
period are reduced.    Undistributed earnings in our non-U.S. subsidiaries are considered by us to be permanently re-invested in such subsidiaries.
Consequently, U.S. deferred tax liabilities on such earnings have not been recorded.   From time to time, our tax returns in federal, state and foreign
jurisdictions are examined by the applicable tax authorities. To the extent that adjustments result from the completion of these examinations or the lapsing of statutes of limitation, they will affect tax liabilities in the period
known. We believe that the results of any tax authority examinations would not have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.  
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements :     In May 2014,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which supersedes and replaces nearly all currently-existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance including related disclosure requirements. This guidance,
including any clarification guidance thereon, will be effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2018 (fiscal 2019). The Company has not yet completed its assessment of the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial
statements.  
      - 42 -  

Table of Contents  

  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which
simplifies the financial statement presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring that deferred income tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent within a classified statement of financial position. Adoption and implementation
of the guidance is not required by the Company until issuance of fiscal 2018 first quarter financial statements. However, due to early adoption being permitted and believing the required presentation results in more useful and comparable
information related to our net deferred income taxes, the Company has chosen to adopt the guidance during fiscal 2016 and retrospectively apply the guidance to the prior period presented. This retrospective application results in $3,431 of
deferred income tax assets being reclassified from current assets to non-current assets in the September 30, 2015 balance sheet included herein. Adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated results of
operations or cash flows.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which amends the accounting guidance related to
leases. These changes, which are designed to increase transparency and comparability among organizations for both lessees and lessors, include, among other things, requiring recognition of lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and
disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Adoption and implementation of the guidance is not required by the Company until the beginning of fiscal 2020, although early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet completed
its assessment of the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which amends the accounting for share-based payment transactions. These changes, which are designed for simplification, involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Adoption and implementation of the guidance is not required by the Company until
the beginning of fiscal 2018, although early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet completed its assessment of the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The update addresses certain specific cash
flows and their treatment, with the objective being to reduce the existing diversity in how the items are presented and classified within the statement of cash flows. Adoption and implementation of the guidance is not required by the Company
until the beginning of fiscal 2019, although early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s statement of cash flows.  
      - 43 -  

Table of Contents  

  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,  Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory , which
intends to improve the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. Adoption and implementation of the guidance is not required by the Company until the beginning of fiscal 2019, although
early adoption is permitted. While the Company has not yet completed its assessment of the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements, in light of the levels of such transfer activity within the Company,
adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position.  
 ITEM 7A.     QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RIS  K     See Market Risk Exposure and Capital Resources under Item 7 above beginning on
page 27.  
      - 44 -  

Table of Contents  

  ITEM 8.  
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
   Index to Consolidated Financial Statements      
   All other supplemental schedules are omitted due to the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the
information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.  
      - 45 -  

Table of Contents  

     Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
    Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f).   The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.    Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the framework and criteria in the 2013  Internal Control   Integrated Framework,  issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on management s evaluation and those criteria, the Company concluded that its system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September
30, 2016. The Company s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Magellan Biosciences, Inc., which was acquired during fiscal 2016 and the
results of which since the date of acquisition were included in the 2016 consolidated financial statements. Magellan constituted $78,977 or 31.4% of the Company s total assets as of September 30, 2016, and $10,034 or 5.1% of total net revenues,
for the year end September 30, 2016.    The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

/s/ John A. Kraeutler  

/s/ Melissa A. Lueke   
 
 John A. Kraeutler 

Melissa A. Lueke  
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Executive Vice President and  
 
 November 29, 2016 

Chief Financial Officer  

November 29, 2016  
 
      - 46 -  

Table of Contents  

   REPORT OF INDE  PENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 Board of Directors and Shareholders    Meridian Bioscience, Inc.
   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (an Ohio corporation) and subsidiaries (the  Company )
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. Our audits of the basic
consolidated financial statements included the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Schedule No. II. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered
in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.  
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted new accounting guidance during the year ended September 30, 2016
related to the presentation of deferred income taxes.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated November 29, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion.    /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP  
 Cincinnati, Ohio    November 29, 2016  
      - 47 -  

Table of Contents  

   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 Board of Directors and Shareholders    Meridian Bioscience, Inc.
   We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (an Ohio corporation) and subsidiaries (the
 Company ) as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting ( Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. Our audit of, and opinion on, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting does not include the internal control over financial reporting of Magellan Biosciences, Inc. ( Magellan ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, whose financial statements reflect total assets and revenues
constituting 31.4 and 5.1 percent, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016. As indicated in Management s Report, Magellan was acquired during fiscal year 2016.
Management s assertion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting excluded internal control over financial reporting of Magellan.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.  
      - 48 -  

Table of Contents  

  In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control Integrated Framework  issued by COSO.    We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016, and our report dated November 29,
2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.    /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP  
 Cincinnati, Ohio    November 29, 2016  
      - 49 -  

Table of Contents  

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data)   
  Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
      - 50 -  

Table of Contents  

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (dollars in thousands)   
  Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
      - 51 -  

Table of Contents  

   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE   SHEETS (dollars in thousands)   
  Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      - 52 -  

Table of Contents  

     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (dollars in thousands)   
  Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      - 53 -  

Table of Contents  

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (dollars and shares in
thousands, except per share data)      Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      - 54 -  

Table of Contents  

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (dollars in thousands)   
  Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      - 55 -  

Table of Contents  

     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries      (dollars
and shares in thousands, except per share data)       

(1)   
   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies          

(a)  
  Nature of Business -  Meridian is a fully-integrated life science company whose principal businesses are (i) the development, manufacture and distribution of diagnostic test kits primarily for certain
gastrointestinal, viral, respiratory, and parasitic infectious diseases, and elevated blood lead levels; and (ii) the manufacture and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells, and bioresearch
reagents used by researchers and other diagnostic manufacturers.        

(b)  
  Principles of Consolidation -  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to  Meridian,   we,   us,   our  or  our company  refer to Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and its subsidiaries.

(c)  
  Use of Estimates -  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.       

(d)  
  Foreign Currency Translation  - Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated using year-end exchange rates with gains or losses resulting from translation included as a separate component of
accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. Revenues and expenses are translated using exchange rates prevailing during the year. We also recognize foreign currency transaction gains and losses on certain assets and liabilities that
are denominated in the Australian dollar, British pound, Euro and Singapore dollar currencies. These gains and losses are included in other income and expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Included within other
income and expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ending September 30, 2015 is $1,174 in currency losses related to a foreign subsidiary intercompany loan being marked-to-market.    
      - 56 -  

Table of Contents  

(e)  
  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments -  The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve capital and provide sufficient liquidity to meet operating requirements and fund strategic initiatives
such as acquisitions. We maintain a written investment policy that governs the management of our investments in fixed income securities. This policy, among other things, provides that we may purchase only high credit-quality securities
that have short-term ratings of at least A-2, P-2 and F-2, and long-term ratings of at least A, Baa1 and A, by Standard   Poor s, Moody s and Fitch, respectively, at the time of purchase. We consider short-term investments with
original maturities of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents, including overnight repurchase agreements and institutional money market funds. At times our investments of cash and equivalents with various high credit quality financial
institutions may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limit.     Our investment portfolio
includes the following components:      

(f)  
  Inventories  - Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis.   illumi   gene  instruments are carried in inventory until
customer placement, at which time they are transferred to deferred   illumi   gene  instrument costs, unless sold outright.    
 We establish reserves against cost for excess and obsolete materials, finished goods whose shelf life may expire before sale to customers, and
other identified exposures. Such reserves were $2,680 and $2,456 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We estimate these reserves based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual demand and market
conditions were to be less favorable than such estimates, additional inventory write-downs would be required and recorded in the period known. Such adjustments would negatively affect gross profit margin and overall results of operations.  

(g)  
  Property, Plant and Equipment  - Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Upon retirement or other disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the
resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method in amounts sufficient to write-off the cost over the estimated useful lives, generally
as follows:      Buildings and improvements - 18 to 40 years  
 Machinery, equipment and furniture - 3 to 10 years  
 Computer equipment and software - 3 to 5 years  
      - 57 -  

Table of Contents  

(h)  
  Intangible Assets -  Goodwill is subject to an annual impairment review (or more frequently if impairment indicators arise) at the reporting unit level, which we perform annually as of June 30, the end of our
third fiscal quarter. A reporting unit is generally an operating segment or one level below an operating segment that constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment
management. At September 30, 2016, we had six reporting units, four of which contained goodwill (Americas Diagnostics, Bioline, Life Science-U.S. and Magellan). We review our reporting unit structure each year as part of our annual
goodwill impairment test, or more frequently in the event of changes in our structure.     During fiscal 2016, the annual
impairment review for our Americas Diagnostics reporting unit consisted of a qualitative assessment. A qualitative assessment is first performed to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less
than its carrying value using qualitative indicators. In the event that the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, the reporting unit s carrying value is compared to its fair value, with fair value of the reporting unit
estimated using market and discounted cash flow approaches. Our Americas Diagnostics reporting unit satisfied the qualitative assessment for fiscal 2016. 
 For each of our Bioline and Life Science-U.S. reporting units, we performed a quantitative assessment in order to determine if impairment
existed. As part of this assessment, fair value, as determined through a valuation performed by a third party, was calculated via both market (comparable company) and income (discounted cash flows) approaches. Based upon these approaches,
as well as an average of the two, the fair values of each reporting unit exceeded their carrying values; therefore, both the Bioline and Life Science-U.S. reporting units satisfied the quantitative assessment for fiscal 2016.  
 The goodwill held by our Magellan reporting unit was recorded at estimated fair value as part of the March 24, 2016 acquisition (see Note 2)
and no events have occurred since that date that would indicate the existence of an impairment.    Goodwill is considered impaired if the
carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. We have no intangible assets with indefinite lives other than goodwill. There have been no impairments from the analyses performed for fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.  
 During fiscal 2016, goodwill increased $39,633, reflecting $41,358 from the acquisition of Magellan (Diagnostics operating segment; see Note 2)
and a $1,725 decrease from the currency translation adjustment on the goodwill of the Life Science segment s Bioline Group. The decrease of $844 in fiscal 2015 solely reflects the effect of the Bioline Group and the currency translation
adjustments thereon.  
      - 58 -  

Table of Contents  

  A summary of Meridian s acquired intangible assets subject to amortization, as of September
30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:      
   The actual aggregate amortization expense for these intangible assets for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was
$2,690, $1,748 and $2,039, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization expense for these intangible assets for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows: fiscal 2017 - $3,671, fiscal 2018 - $3,480, fiscal 2019 - $3,269,
fiscal 2020 - $3,107 and fiscal 2021 - $2,510.    Long-lived assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment when events or
circumstances indicate that such assets may not be recoverable at their carrying value. Whether an event or circumstance triggers an impairment is determined by comparing an estimate of the asset s future undiscounted cash flows to its
carrying value. If impairment has occurred, it is measured by a fair-value based calculation.   Our ability to recover the carrying
value of our intangible assets, both identifiable intangibles and goodwill, is dependent upon the future cash flows of the related acquired businesses and assets. We make judgments and assumptions regarding future cash flows, including sales
levels, gross profit margins, operating expense levels, working capital levels, and capital expenditures. With respect to identifiable intangibles and fixed assets, we also make judgments and assumptions regarding useful lives.  
 We consider the following factors in evaluating events and circumstances for possible impairment: (i) significant under-performance relative to
historical or projected operating results; (ii) negative industry trends; (iii) sales levels of specific groups of products (related to specific identifiable intangibles); (iv) changes in overall business strategies; and (v) other factors.  
 If actual cash flows are less favorable than projections, this could trigger impairment of intangible assets and other long-lived
assets. If impairment were to occur, this would negatively affect overall results of operations. No triggering events have been identified by the Company for fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.  
      - 59 -  

Table of Contents  

(i)  
  Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable  - Revenue is generally recognized from sales when product is shipped and title has passed to the customer. Revenue for the Diagnostics segment is reduced at the
date of sale for product price adjustments due to certain distributors under local contracts. Management estimates accruals for distributor price adjustments based on local contract terms, sales data provided by distributors, historical
statistics, current trends, and other factors. Changes to the accruals are recorded in the period that they become known. Such accruals were $4,178 at September 30, 2016 and $5,581 at September 30, 2015, and have been netted against
accounts receivable.     Revenue for our Diagnostics segment includes revenue for our   illumi   gene  molecular
test system. This system includes an instrument, instrument accessories and test kits. In markets where the test system is sold via multiple deliverable arrangements, the cost of the instrument and instrument accessories is deferred upon
placement at a customer and amortized on a straight-line basis into cost of sales over the expected utilization period, generally three years. 
 We evaluate whether each deliverable in the arrangement is a separate unit of accounting. The significant deliverables are an instrument,
instrument accessories (e.g., printer) and test kits. An instrument and instrument accessories are delivered to the customer prior to the start of the customer utilization period in order to accommodate customer set-up and installation. There is
 de minimis  consideration received from the customer at the time of instrument placement. We have determined that the instrument and instrument accessories are not a separate unit of accounting because such equipment can only be used to
process and read the results from our   illumi   gene  diagnostic tests (i.e., our instrument and test kits function together to deliver a diagnostic test result), and therefore the instrument and instrument accessories do not have
standalone value to the customer. Consequently, there is no revenue allocated to the placement of the instrument and instrument accessories. Test kits are delivered to the customer over the utilization period of the instrument, which we estimate has
a useful life of three years. Our average customer contract period, including estimated renewals, is at least equal to the estimated three-year utilization period. Revenue for the sale of test kits is recognized upon shipment and transfer
of title to the customers.    In markets where the test system is not sold via multiple deliverable arrangements, the cost of the instrument
and instrument accessories is charged to cost of sales at the time of shipment and transfer of title to the customer. Revenue for the sales of instruments and instrument accessories and test kits is recognized upon shipment and transfer of
title to the customers. In these markets, our   illumi   gene  molecular test system is sold to independent distributors who inventory the instruments, instrument accessories and test kits for resale to end-users.  
      - 60 -  

Table of Contents  

  Our products are generally not subject to a customer right of return except for product recall
events under the rules and regulations of the Food and Drug Administration or equivalent agencies outside the United States. In this circumstance, the costs to replace affected products would be accrued at the time a loss was probable and estimable.
   Trade accounts receivable are recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at invoiced amounts less provisions for distributor
price adjustments under local contracts and doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable credit losses and is based on historical write-off experience and known conditions that would likely lead to
non-payment. The allowance for doubtful accounts and related metrics, such as days  sales outstanding, are reviewed monthly. Accounts with past due balances over 90 days are reviewed individually for collectibility. Customer
invoices are charged off against the allowance when we believe it is probable that the invoices will not be paid.      

(j)  
  Research and Development Costs  - Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development costs include, among other things, salaries and wages for research scientists,
materials and supplies used in the development of new products, costs for development of instrumentation equipment, costs for clinical trials, and costs for facilities and equipment.    

(k)  
  Income Taxes  - The provision for income taxes includes federal, foreign, state and local income taxes currently payable and those deferred because of temporary differences between income for financial reporting
and income for tax purposes. We prepare estimates of permanent and temporary differences between income for financial reporting purposes and income for tax purposes. These differences are adjusted to actual upon filing of our tax returns,
typically occurring in the third and fourth quarters of the current fiscal year for the preceding fiscal year s estimates.   
 We account for uncertain tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach: (i) a more-likely-than-not recognition
criterion; and (ii) a measurement attribute that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being ultimately realized upon ultimate settlement. If it is not more likely than not that the
benefit will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. We recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as a portion of our income tax provision in the consolidated statements of operations. See Note
5.      

(l)  
  Stock-Based Compensation  - We recognize compensation expense for all share-based awards made to employees, based upon the fair value of the share-based award on the date of the grant. See Note 6(b).
   
      - 61 -  

Table of Contents  

(m)  
  Comprehensive Income (Loss)  - Comprehensive income (loss) represents the net change in shareholders  equity during a period from sources other than transactions with shareholders. As reflected in the
accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income, our comprehensive income is comprised of net earnings, foreign currency translation, unrealized losses on our cash flow hedge, and the income taxes thereon.   

(n)  
  Shipping and Handling Costs  - Shipping and handling costs invoiced to customers are included in net revenues. Costs to distribute products to customers, including freight costs, warehousing costs, and other
shipping and handling activities are included in cost of sales.       

(o)  
  Non-Income Government-Assessed Taxes  - We classify all non-income, government-assessed taxes (sales, use and value-added) collected from customers and remitted by us to appropriate revenue authorities, on a net
basis (excluded from net revenues) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.        

(p)  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  - In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which supersedes and replaces nearly all currently-existing U.S. GAAP revenue
recognition guidance including related disclosure requirements. This guidance, including any clarification guidance thereon, will be effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2018 (fiscal 2019). The Company has not yet completed its
assessment of the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements.      In November 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which simplifies the financial statement presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring that deferred income tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent within
a classified statement of financial position. Adoption and implementation of the guidance is not required by the Company until issuance of fiscal 2018 first quarter financial statements. However, due to early adoption being permitted and
believing the required presentation results in more useful and comparable information related to our net deferred income taxes, the Company has chosen to adopt the guidance during fiscal 2016 and retrospectively apply the guidance to the prior
period presented. This retrospective application results in $3,431 of deferred income tax assets being reclassified from current assets to non-current assets in the September 30, 2015 balance sheet included herein. Adoption of this
guidance did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations or cash flows.    In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which amends the accounting guidance related to leases. These changes, which are designed to increase transparency and comparability among organizations for both lessees and lessors, include, among other things,
requiring recognition of lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Adoption and implementation of the guidance is not required by the Company until the beginning of fiscal 2020,
although early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet completed its assessment of the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements.  
      - 62 -  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting , which amends the accounting for share-based payment transactions. These changes, which are designed for simplification, involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Adoption and implementation of the guidance is not required by the Company until the beginning of fiscal 2018, although
early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet completed its assessment of the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements.  
 Issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements are not expected to have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(q)  
  Reclassifications  - Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior fiscal year financial statements to conform to the current year presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on net earnings or
shareholders  equity.        

(2)   
       Magellan Acquisition        On March 24, 2016, we acquired all of the
outstanding common stock of Magellan Biosciences, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiary Magellan Diagnostics, Inc. (collectively,  Magellan ), for $67,874, utilizing the proceeds from a new $60,000 five-year term loan and cash and
equivalents on hand. An amount of the acquisition consideration totaling $2,383 remains payable to the sellers, pending the realization of tax benefits for certain net operating loss carryforwards in future tax returns. Headquartered near
Boston, Massachusetts, Magellan is a leading manufacturer of FDA-cleared products for the testing of blood to diagnose lead poisoning in children and adults. Magellan is the leading provider of point-of-care lead testing systems in the U.S. 
 As a result of the consideration paid exceeding the preliminary fair value of the net assets acquired, goodwill in the amount of $41,358 was recorded in
connection with this acquisition, none of which will be deductible for tax purposes. This goodwill results largely from the addition of Magellan s complementary customer base and distribution channels, industry reputation in the U.S. as a
leader in lead testing, and management talent and workforce. Our fiscal 2016 Consolidated Statement of Operations includes $1,105 of acquisition-related costs related to the Magellan acquisition, which are reflected as Operating Expenses.  
      - 63 -  

Table of Contents  

  In addition to Magellan s results of operations, which are included in our fiscal 2016 Consolidated
Statement of Operations and reported as part of the Diagnostics operating segment, the consolidated results for fiscal 2016 also include:      

(i) 
 $181 of cost of sales related to the roll-out of fair value inventory adjustments for sales of products that were in Magellan s inventory on the date of acquisition and, therefore, were valued at fair value, rather
than manufactured cost, in the opening balance sheet; and        

(ii) 
 $1,337 of general and administrative expenses related to the depreciation of the fair value adjustment to acquired property, plant and equipment, and the amortization of specific identifiable intangible assets recorded
on the opening balance sheet including customer relationships, technology, non-compete agreements, and trade names.      The Company s
fiscal 2016 consolidated results include net revenues and net earnings of Magellan totaling $10,034 and $848, respectively, reflecting the items noted above but excluding interest expense on the debt secured by Meridian in connection with the
transaction.    The recognized preliminary amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition of Magellan are as follows:

- 64 -  

Table of Contents  

  As indicated, the allocation of the purchase price and estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment,
and intangible assets shown remain preliminary, pending final completion of valuations. We are currently assessing the amount of tax net operating loss carryforwards available to us. Upon completion of this analysis, an amount will be
reclassified from goodwill to deferred taxes.    The consolidated pro forma results of the combined entities of Meridian and Magellan, had the acquisition
date been October 1, 2014, are as follows for the periods indicated:      
   These pro forma amounts have been calculated by including the results of Magellan, and adjusting the combined results to give
effect to the following, as if the acquisition had been consummated on October 1, 2014, together with the consequential tax effects thereon:      

(i) 
 remove the effect of transaction costs incurred by the Company ($1,105);        

(ii) 
 reflect the additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged in connection with the preliminary fair value adjustments to inventory, property, plant and equipment, and identifiable intangible assets
($800 and $2,885 in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, repectively);        

(iii) 
 reflect equity-based awards granted under the Company s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan to certain Magellan employees in accordance with executed employee agreements, and to certain Meridian employees to reward them for
their efforts in connection with the transaction ($250 in fiscal 2015); and        

(3)   
   Inventories        Inventories are comprised of the following:  

- 65 -  

Table of Contents  

(4)   
   Bank Credit Arrangements        In connection with the acquisition of Magellan (see Note 2), on March
22, 2016 the Company entered into a $60,000 five-year term loan with a commercial bank. The term loan requires quarterly principal and interest payments, with interest at a variable rate tied to LIBOR, and a balloon principal payment at the end
of five years. The required principal payments on the term loan for each of the five succeeding fiscal years are as follows: fiscal 2017 - $3,750, fiscal 2018 - $4,500, fiscal 2019 - $5,250, fiscal 2020 - $6,000, and fiscal 2021 -
$39,000. Due to the recent execution date of the term loan and interest being determined on a variable rate basis, the fair value of the term loan at September 30, 2016 approximates the current carrying value reflected in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheet.    In order to limit exposure to volatility in the LIBOR interest rate, the Company and the commercial bank also entered into an
interest rate swap that effectively converts the variable interest rate on the term loan to a fixed rate of 2.76%. With an initial notional balance of $60,000, the interest rate swap has been established with critical terms identical to those
of the term loan, including (i) notional reduction amounts and dates; (ii) LIBOR settlement rates; (iii) rate reset dates; and (iv) term/maturity. Due to this, the interest swap has been designated as an effective cash flow hedge, with changes
in fair value reflected as a separate component of other comprehensive income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. At
September 30, 2016, the fair value of the interest rate swap was a liability of $729, and is reflected as a non-current liability in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. This fair value was determined by reference to a third party
valuation, and is considered a Level 2 input within the fair value hierarchy of valuation techniques.    In addition, the Company continues to maintain a
$30,000 revolving credit facility with a commercial bank, which expires March 31, 2021. As there were no borrowings outstanding on this revolving credit facility at September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015, available borrowings as of both dates
totaled $30,000.   The term loan and revolving credit facility are collateralized by the business assets of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries and require
compliance with financial covenants that limit the amount of debt obligations and require a minimum level of coverage of fixed charges, as defined in the borrowing agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the Company is in compliance with all
covenants. The Company is also required to maintain a cash compensating balance with the bank in the amount of $1,000, pursuant to this bank revolving credit facility and is in compliance with this requirement.  
      - 66 -  

Table of Contents  

(5)   
   Income Taxes          

(b) 
 The following is a reconciliation between the statutory U.S. income tax rate and the effective rate derived by dividing the provision for income taxes by earnings before income taxes:    

- 67 -  

Table of Contents  

(c) 
 The components of net deferred tax assets were as follows:        
   For income tax purposes, we have recorded deferred tax assets related to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in both
U.S. and foreign jurisdictions totaling $1,945 and $245, respectively, as of September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2015, such deferred tax assets totaled $590. The operating loss carryforwards in foreign jurisdictions have no expiration
date. The operating loss carryforwards in the U.S. expire between 2023 and 2036 at the federal level, and between 2028 and 2036 at the state level. The aggregate amount of federal, state and foreign operating loss carryforwards total
$4,956, $3,981 and $836, respectively, at September 30, 2016. The use of the federal and state losses is limited by the change of ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code.  
 The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the applicable jurisdictions. We have considered the
levels of currently anticipated pre-tax income in U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in assessing the required level of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance including the characterization of the income as ordinary or capital. Taking into
consideration historical and current operating results, and other factors, we believe that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset of $9,543 will be realized. The amount of the net deferred tax asset considered realizable,
however, could be reduced in future years if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.    Undistributed earnings reinvested indefinitely in our
non-U.S. operations were approximately $10,000 at both September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. U.S. deferred tax liabilities of approximately $2,000 and $1,800 on such earnings, after consideration of foreign tax credits, have not been
recorded as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.  
      - 68 -  

Table of Contents  

  As described in Note 1, we utilize a comprehensive model for the recognition, measurement, presentation and
disclosure of uncertain tax positions, assuming full knowledge of all relevant facts by the applicable tax authorities. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 related to such positions was
$502 and $238, respectively, of which the full amounts would favorably affect the effective tax rate if recognized. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of our income tax provision. During
fiscal 2016, we increased our tax provision by approximately $8 for such penalties and interest, and recorded approximately $85 to the opening balance sheet of Magellan. During fiscal 2015, we decreased our tax provision by approximately $19
for such penalties and interest. We had approximately $130 accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016 compared to $37 accrued at September 30, 2015. The amount of our liability for uncertain tax positions
expected to be paid or settled in the next 12 months is uncertain.   A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows:      
   We are subject to examination by the tax authorities in the U.S. (both federal and state) and the countries of Australia,
Belgium, China, England, France, Germany, Holland, Italy and Singapore. In the U.S., open tax years are fiscal 2013, fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015. In countries outside the U.S., open tax years generally range from fiscal 2011 and
forward. However, in Australia, Belgium and Singapore, the utilization of local net operating loss carryforwards extends the statute of limitations for examination well into the foreseeable future. 

(6)   
   Employee Benefits          

(a)  
  Savings and Investment Plan  - We have a profit sharing and retirement savings plan covering substantially all full-time U.S. employees. Profit sharing contributions to the plan, which are discretionary, are
approved by the board of directors. The plan permits participants to contribute to the plan through salary reduction. Under terms of the plan, we match 100% of an employee s contributions, up to a maximum match of 3% of eligible
compensation. Our discretionary and matching contributions to the plan amounted to approximately $1,631, $1,567 and $1,542, during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    

- 69 -  

Table of Contents  

  Each of the 2004 Plan and 2012 Plan authorized the granting of new shares for options, restricted
shares or restricted share units for up to 3,000 shares, with the non-granted portion of the 2004 Plan permitted to be carried forward and added to the 2012 Plan authorized limit. As of September 30, 2016, we have granted 1,492 and 1,241 shares
under the 2004 Plan and 2012 Plan, respectively, thereby resulting in a remaining authorized limit of 3,267 shares. Options may be granted at exercise prices not less than 100% of the closing market value of the underlying common shares on the
date of grant and have maximum terms up to ten years. Vesting schedules for options, restricted shares and restricted share units are established at the time of grant and may be set based on future service periods, achievement of performance
targets or a combination thereof. All options contain provisions restricting their transferability and limiting their exercise in the event of termination of employment or the disability or death of the optionee. We recognize compensation
expense for all share-based payments made to employees, based upon the fair value of the share-based payment on the date of the grant.  
 During fiscal 2014, we granted approximately 270 restricted share units (with a weighted-average grant date fair value of $24.82 per share) to
certain employees, generally with half of each employee s grant being time-vested restricted share units vesting in total on the fourth anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining half being subject to attainment of a specified earnings
target for fiscal 2014. While dividend equivalents were paid on these units throughout fiscal 2014, the target for fiscal 2014 was not met and, with the exception of these awards being held by our Executive Chairman at the time of his death in
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the performance-based portion of the restricted share units granted during fiscal 2014 were cancelled.  
 During fiscal 2015, we granted approximately 270 restricted share units (with a weighted-average grant date fair value of $17.91 per share) to
certain employees, generally with half of each employee s grant being time-vested restricted share units vesting in total on the fourth anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining half being subject to attainment of a specified earnings
target for fiscal 2015. While dividend equivalents were paid on these units throughout fiscal 2015, the target for fiscal 2015 was not met and the performance-based portion of these restricted share units granted during fiscal 2015 were
cancelled.   Additionally, during fiscal 2015 in connection with the extension of an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, we granted to
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (i) 25 restricted share units (with a grant date fair value of $16.50 per share) to be earned only if specified revenue and earnings per share targets were achieved for fiscal 2015; and (ii) 100 time-vested
options (with a weighted-average grant date fair value of $3.73 per share, as included in the options table below), with half vesting September 30, 2015 and half vesting September 30, 2016. As a result of the fiscal 2015 performance
targets being achieved, the restricted share units have been earned and the related compensation expense recorded in fiscal 2015.  
      - 70 -  

Table of Contents  

  Similar to previous years, during fiscal 2016, we granted approximately 370 restricted share
units (with a weighted-average grant date fair value of $19.38 per share) to certain employees, generally with half of each employee s grant being time-vested restricted share units vesting in total on the fourth anniversary of the grant date,
and the remaining half being subject to attainment of a specified earnings target for fiscal 2016. While dividend equivalents were paid on these units throughout fiscal 2016, the target for fiscal 2016 was not met and the performance-based
portion of these restricted share units granted during fiscal 2016 have been cancelled.   Additionally, during fiscal 2016 in connection with
the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement described above, we granted to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 25 restricted share units (with a grant date fair value of $17.03 per share) to be earned only if specified revenue and earnings
per share targets were achieved for fiscal 2016. As a result of the fiscal 2016 performance targets not being achieved, the restricted share units have been cancelled.  
 Giving effect to these grants, cancellations and certain other activities for restricted shares and restricted share units throughout the
years, including conversions to common shares, forfeitures, and new hire and employee promotion grants, approximately 460 restricted share units remain outstanding as of September 30, 2016, with a weighted-average grant date fair value of $20.17 per
share, a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 1.89 years and an aggregate intrinsic value of $8,867. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the approximate 116 restricted share units that vested during fiscal 2016 was $17.38 per
share.                    The amount of stock-based
compensation expense reported was $2,911, $3,324 and $3,557 in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The fiscal 2016 expense is comprised of $560 related to stock options and $2,351 related to restricted shares and units; the fiscal 2015
expense is comprised of $591 related to stock options and $2,733 related to restricted shares and units; and the fiscal 2014 expense is comprised of $486 related to stock options and $3,071 related to restricted shares and units. The total
income tax benefit recognized in the income statement for these stock-based compensation arrangements was $1,100, $1,250 and $1,185, for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we expect future stock compensation
expense for unvested options and unvested restricted stock units to total $376 and $2,232, respectively, which will be recognized during fiscal years 2017 through 2020.  
 We recognize compensation expense only for the portion of shares that we expect to vest. As such, we apply estimated forfeiture rates to
our compensation expense calculations. These rates have been derived using historical forfeiture data, stratified by several employee groups. During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recorded $76, $86 and $108, respectively, in stock
compensation expense to adjust estimated forfeiture rates to actual.  
      - 71 -  

Table of Contents  

  We have elected to use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine grant-date fair value
for stock options, with the following assumptions: (i) expected share price volatility based on the average of Meridian s historical volatility over the options  expected lives and implied volatility based on the value of tradable call
options; (ii) expected life of options based on contractual lives, employees  historical exercise behavior and employees  historical post-vesting employment termination behavior; (iii) risk-free interest rates based on treasury rates that
correspond to the expected lives of the options; and (iv) dividend yield based on the expected yield on underlying Meridian common stock.      
   A summary of the status of our stock option plans at September 30, 2016 and changes during the year is
presented in the table and narrative below:      
   A summary of the status of our nonvested options as of September 30, 2016, and changes during the year ended
September 30, 2016, is presented below:      
 
      - 72 -  

Table of Contents  

  The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted was $3.46, $3.95 and $5.48 for
fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $616, $850 and $1,110 for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of options that vested during fiscal 2016,
2015 and 2014 was $474, $571 and $701, respectively.    Cash received from options exercised was $2,364, $2,478 and $567 for fiscal 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. Tax (expense) benefits recorded to additional paid-in capital from option exercises totaled ($70), ($502) and $315 for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

(7)   
   Non-Current Liabilities        The Company has provided certain post-employment benefits to its
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Commercial Officer. These obligations total $1,628 and $1,399 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, we are required by the governments of certain of the foreign
countries in which we operate to maintain a level of reserves for potential future severance indemnity. These reserves total $565 and $668 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

(8)   
   Reportable Segments and Major Concentration Data        Our reportable segments are Diagnostics and
Life Science. The Diagnostics segment consists of manufacturing operations for infectious disease products in Cincinnati, Ohio and, as a result of the acquisition of Magellan, manufacturing operations for products detecting elevated lead levels
in blood in Billerica, Massachusetts (near Boston), and the sale and distribution of diagnostics products domestically and abroad. The Life Science segment consists of manufacturing operations in Memphis, Tennessee; Boca Raton, Florida; London,
England; Luckenwalde, Germany; and Sydney, Australia, and the sale and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells, and bioresearch reagents domestically and abroad, including sales and business
development offices in Singapore and Beijing, China to further pursue growing revenue opportunities in Asia.    Revenues from individual customers
constituting 10% or more of consolidated net revenues are as follows:      
 
      - 73 -  

Table of Contents  

  Accounts receivable from these two Diagnostics distributor customers accounted for 16% and 21% of consolidated
accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company s international revenues totaled $55,291, $52,313 and $57,051 in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Five of our product families
   C. difficile,  foodborne,  H. pylori , respiratory and women s health   STD   accounted for 54%, 59% and 58% of consolidated net revenues in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We currently purchase on a
sole-source basis from a U.S. and an Italian manufacturer, respectively, the   illumi   pro -10 instruments on which our   illumi   gene  molecular testing platform operates and the LeadCare instruments used to test for
blood lead levels. Additionally, two of our foodborne products sourced from another vendor accounted for 11%, 14% and 14% of third-party revenues for our Diagnostics segment in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 Significant revenue information by country for the Diagnostics and Life Science segments is as follows. Revenues are attributed to the geographic area
based on the location to which the product is delivered.     
   Identifiable assets for our Italian distribution organization were $8,782 and $8,497 at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. At September 30, 2016, identifiable assets for the Bioline Group s operations in the U.K., Germany and Australia totaled approximately $14,973, $7,024 and $3,780, respectively; and totaled approximately $15,647, $6,909 and
$3,891, respectively, at September 30, 2015.  
      - 74 -  

Table of Contents  

  Segment information for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as
follows:      

(1)    Eliminations 
 consist of intersegment transactions.      A reconciliation of segment operating expenses to consolidated earnings
before income taxes for the years    ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows:  
   
   Transactions between segments are accounted for at established intercompany prices for internal and management purposes with
all intercompany amounts eliminated in consolidation.  
      - 75 -  

Table of Contents  

(9)   
       Commitments and Contingencies          

(a)  
  Royalty Commitments -  We have entered into various license agreements that require payment of royalties based on a specified percentage of the sales of licensed products. Approximately 85% of our royalty
expenses relate to our Diagnostics operating segment, where the royalty rates range from 4% to 8%. These royalty expenses are recognized on an as-earned basis and recorded in the year earned as a component of cost of sales. Annual royalty
expenses associated with these agreements were approximately $3,134, $3,106 and $3,482, respectively, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.    

(b)  
  Purchase Commitments -  Excluding the operating lease commitments reflected in Note 9(c) below, we have purchase commitments primarily for inventory and service items as part of the normal course of
business. Commitments made under these obligations are $11,970, $1,620 and $63 for fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. No purchase commitments have been made beyond fiscal 2019.    

(d)  
  Litigation -  We are a party to various litigation matters from time to time that we believe are in the normal course of business. The ultimate resolution of these matters is not expected to have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.       

(e)  
  Indemnifications -  In conjunction with certain contracts and agreements, we provide routine indemnifications whose terms range in duration and in some circumstances are not explicitly defined. The maximum
obligation under some such indemnifications is not explicitly stated and, as a result of our having no history of paying such indemnifications, cannot be reasonably estimated. We have not made any payments for these indemnifications and no
liability is recorded at September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. We believe that if we were to incur a loss on any of these matters, the loss would not have a material effect on our financial condition.    
      - 76 -  

Table of Contents  

(10)   
       Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)        The sum of the earnings per common
share may not equal the corresponding annual amounts due to interim quarter rounding.      

We evaluated subsequent events after the balance sheet
date of September 30, 2016 and there were no material subsequent events that required recognition or additional disclosure in these financial statements.  
      - 77 -  

Table of Contents  

  ITEM 9.  
  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREE  MENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS   
  ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   
 Not applicable.    ITEM 9A.  
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
 As of September 30, 2016, an evaluation was completed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on
that evaluation, our management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. Noting that the Company s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Magellan Biosciences, Inc., which was acquired during fiscal 2016 and the results of which since the date of acquisition were included in the 2016 consolidated
financial statements, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of internal control that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting, or in other factors that could significantly affect internal control subsequent to September 30, 2016. 
 Our internal control report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K after Item 8, under the caption  Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting.     ITEM 9B.  
    OTHER INFORMATION   
 Not applicable.    P  ART
III.    The information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14, of Part III are incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement for
its 2017 Annual Shareholders  Meeting to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
      - 78 -  

Table of Contents  

  ITEM 15.  
    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
 (a)    (1) and (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES.  
 All financial statements and schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this Form and included in this report have been so identified under Item 8. No
additional financial statements or schedules are being filed since the requirements of paragraph (c) under Item 15 are not applicable to Meridian.  
 (b)    (3) EXHIBITS.     

Exhibit Number  
    
   Description of Exhibit   

3.1 
    
 Articles of Incorporation, including amendments not related to Company name change (Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement No. 333-02613 on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 1996
and Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2007)  

3.2 
    
 Amended Code of Regulations (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13, 2012)  

10.1* 
    
 Savings and Investment Plan Prototype Adoption Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2003)  

10.2* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Supplemental Benefit Agreement Dated September 23, 2014 between Meridian and John A. Kraeutler (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September
25, 2014)  

10.3* 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Dated October 3, 2016 between Meridian and John A. Kraeutler (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5,
2016)  

10.4* 
    
 Letter Agreement Dated July 26, 2016 between Meridian and Richard L. Eberly (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2016)  

10.5* 
    
 Executive Employment Agreement dated March 21, 2016 between Meridian and Amy Winslow (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2016)  

10.6* 
    
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 1999)  

10.7* 
    
 2004 Equity Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective January 25, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended December 31, 2011)  

10.8* 
    
 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, effective January 25, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended December 31, 2011)  

10.9* 
    
 Fiscal 2017 Officer s Performance Compensation Plan (Filed herewith)  

10.10* 
    
 Form of Time-Based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement dated November 9, 2016 (Filed herewith)   
      - 79 -  

Table of Contents  

10.11* 
    
 Form of Performance Award Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement dated November 9, 2016 (Filed herewith)  

10.12* 
    
 Form of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. Change in Control Agreement dated August 4, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2016)  

10.13 
    
   Agreement and Plan of Merger among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Mariner Merger Sub, Inc., Magellan Biosciences, Inc. and Ampersand 2006 Limited
Partnership as the Stockholder Representative dated as of March 24, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2016)    

10.14 
    
 Loan and Security Agreement among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Meridian Bioscience Corporation, Omega Technologies, Inc. Meridian Life Science, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank dated August 1, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to
Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2007)  

10.14.1 
    
 Term Note among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Meridian Bioscience Corporation, Omega Technologies, Inc. Meridian Life Science, Inc., Bioline USA, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank dated March 22, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to
Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2016)  

10.14.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Revolving Note with Fifth Third Bank dated March 22, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2016)  

10.14.3 
    
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Meridian Bioscience Corporation, Omega Technologies, Inc., Meridian Life Science, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank dated September 2, 2010 (Incorporated by
reference to Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2010)  

10.14.4 
    
   Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Meridian Bioscience Corporation, Omega Technologies, Inc.,
Meridian Life Science, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank dated December 1, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2010)   

10.14.5 
    
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Meridian Bioscience Corporation, Omega Technologies, Inc., Meridian Life Science, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank dated September 15, 2012 (Incorporated by
reference to Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2012)  

10.14.6 
    
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Meridian Bioscience Corporation, Omega Technologies, Inc., Meridian Life Science, Inc., Bioline USA, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank dated April 21, 2015
(Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2015)  

10.14.7 
    
 Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Meridian Bioscience Corporation, Omega Technologies, Inc., Meridian Life Science, Inc., Bioline USA, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank dated March 22, 2016
(Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2016)  

13 
    
 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders (1)  

14 
    
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2003)   
      - 80 -  

Table of Contents  

* 
 Management Compensatory Contracts    

(1) 
 Only specific portions of the 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K as filed herewith. A supplemental paper copy of the 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders has been
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission for informational purposes only or will be posted on our website,  www.meridianbioscience.com .    
 Meridian will provide shareholders with any exhibit upon the payment of a specified reasonable fee, which fee shall be limited to Meridian s reasonable
expenses in furnishing such exhibit.  
      - 81 -  

Table of Contents  

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.       

MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.  

By: 
   
 /s/ John A. Kraeutler  
 
 Date: 
   
 November 29, 2016  
 
 John A. Kraeutler  
 
 Chairman of the Board and  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
  We, the undersigned directors and officers of the Registrant, hereby severally constitute John A. Kraeutler and Melissa
A. Lueke, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      

Signature  
    
   Capacity  
   
   Date   

/s/ John A. Kraeutler 
 John A. Kraeutler  
    
   Chairman of the Board and Chief 
 Executive Officer  
   
 November 29, 2016  

/s/ Melissa A. Lueke 
 Melissa A. Lueke  
    
   Executive Vice President, Chief   Financial
Officer, and Secretary   (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  
   
 November 29, 2016  

/s/ James M. Anderson 
 James M. Anderson  
    
   Director  
   
 November 29, 2016  

/s/ Dwight E. Ellingwood 
 Dwight E. Ellingwood  
    
   Director  
   
 November 29, 2016  

/s/ John C. McIlwraith 
 John C. McIlwraith  
    
   Director  
   
 November 29, 2016  

/s/ David C. Phillips 
 David C. Phillips  
    
   Director  
   
 November 29, 2016  

/s/ Catherine A. Sazdanoff 
 Catherine A. Sazdanoff  
    
   Director  
   
 November 29, 2016  
 
      - 82 -  

Table of Contents  

    SCHEDULE II  
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc.    and
Subsidiaries    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 (Dollars in thousands)    Years Ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014      

(a) 
 Balances reflect the effects of currency translation and in 2016, the acquisition of Magellan.    
      - 83 -  

<EX-10.9>
 2
 d270799dex109.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10.9 

Exhibit 10.9       

OFFICER S PERFORMANCE COMPENSATION PLAN   
  FISCAL YEAR 2017      LEVEL 6

I 
  PURPOSE       The purpose of this Plan is to define a mechanism for stimulating and rewarding
the achievement of aggressive business goals, as agreed to by the Board of Directors.      

II 
  SCOPE       This Plan includes operating officers of the Company.  

III 
  GOALS         

1. 
 To provide an objective means of stimulating and rewarding performance based upon meeting specific business achievement levels.        

2. 
 To provide a mechanism for rewarding individual performance based upon his/her contribution to the attainment of those achievement levels.    

IV 
  ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS         

3. 
 Employees who terminate before September 30, 2017 are normally ineligible. Also, employees must be an active employee on the date the bonus checks are distributed.    

V 
  OFFICER BONUS COMPENSATION RECOMMENDATION FISCAL YEAR 2017        FY 2017 Published Net
Earnings Guidance Range   Diluted EPS of $******       

VI 
  BONUS CALCULATIONS       A.  Potential Payout   
   
   B.  Personal Achievement  **   

C.  Calculation   
 Base Salary x Corporate Achievement Level % (A) x Personal Achievement Multiplier (B).  
 Item A excludes the positive and negative effects associated with extraordinary developments as disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K. In
the event of an acquisition during the Plan year, restructuring, purchase accounting and extraordinary charges associated with such acquisitions as disclosed in the Company s 10-K will be added back to actual net earnings achieved to determine
net earnings for bonus payout. If the acquisition provides accretive earnings, this will be included for purposes of bonus calculations as a means to incent management to pursue accretive acquisitions and in recognition of the significant time
and effort necessary to complete such acquisitions. Furthermore, upon completion of acquisitions, the interest income assumed in the plan will be adjusted to reflect cash used.  

**  
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may adjust the Personal Achievement Multiplier to account for extraordinary developments. In no event shall the Personal Achievement Multiplier exceed 5.0x. The
Compensation Committee may not increase compensation payable under this plan in excess of amounts provided herein.      D.
 Deferral of Bonus Payment     Officers may elect to defer payment of bonus to no later than January 15, 2018. Such election must be
made in writing prior to March 31, 2017.  

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 d270799dex1010.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10.10 

Exhibit 10.10   
  MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.   
  2012 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN   
  RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT   
  TIME-BASED (U.S. EMPLOYEES)      Summary of
Restricted Share Unit Award Grant     Meridian Bioscience, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the  Company ), grants to the Grantee
named below, in accordance with the terms of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) and this Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (the  Agreement ), the following number of Restricted Share Units of
the Company (the  Restricted Units ), on the Grant Date set forth below:      

Name of Grantee:

Number of Units:

Terms of Agreement   
  1.   Grant of Restricted Share Unit Awards.    Subject to and upon the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in
this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee as of the Grant Date, the total number of Restricted Units set forth above. The Restricted Units shall be credited in a book entry account established for the Grantee
until payment in accordance with Section 4 hereof.    2. Vesting of Restricted Units.  
 (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this grant of Restricted Units shall vest in full on the Vesting Date above. Prior to the
Vesting Date, no portion of the award is vested, except as otherwise provided in Section 2(b) or (c).    (b) All of the Restricted Units
shall vest in full prior to the Vesting Date upon the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the Grantee dies while in the employ of the Company; (ii) the Grantee satisfies the requirements for Retirement, including separation from employment with
the Company; (iii) the Grantee has a Disability; or (iv) there is a Change in Control event described in Section 2(g) of the Plan.    (c)
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the time at which the Restricted Units become vested and non-forfeitable to a time other than the Vesting Date as provided in Section 2(a) or to a time other than provided in Section (2)(b)(i),
(ii), (iii) or (iv) on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, provided such acceleration does not result in an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A of the Code.

3. Forfeiture of Restricted Units.   
 (a) The Restricted Units that have not yet vested pursuant to Section 2 shall be forfeited automatically without further action or notice if
the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company other than as provided in Section 2(b) or (c) hereof.   (b) The Grantee hereby acknowledges
that in order for the Restricted Units to vest, Grantee must, prior to the first Vesting Date identified on the first page hereof under  Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant , (i) accept the Restricted Units online or by telephone
in accordance with the procedures established by the Company and Merrill Lynch, and; (ii) open a Merrill Lynch brokerage account through the system maintained on behalf of the Company. If the Grantee has not completed both of the tasks prior to the
first Vesting Date identified on the first page hereof under  Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant , the Restricted Units shall be forfeited as of such date. 
  4. Payment.    (a) Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to the Grantee one share of its common stock ( Share ) for each vested Restricted Unit within thirty (30) days following the earlier of: 

(i) 
 the Vesting Date identified on the first page hereof under  Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant         

(ii) 
 the date of the Grantee s death;(iii) the date of the Grantee s Disability, provided such Disability also constitutes a  disability  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code with respect to a
Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code;        

(iii) 
 the date of Grantee s termination of employment with the Company as a result of Retirement or a Change in Control event described in Section 2(g)(i) or (ii) of the Plan, provided such termination of employment also
constitutes a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code with respect to a Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code; or    

(iv) 
 the date of an event described in Section 2(g)(iii) or (iv) of the Plan, provided such event also constitutes a  change in control event  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code with respect to a
Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code.      If the Grantee is a  specified employee  within the
meaning of Section 409A of the Code on the date of the Grantee s separation from service and the Grantee s Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code, then payment under (iv) above shall be made on the first day of the
 seventh  month following the Grantee s separation from service, or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s death.    (b) The
Company s obligations with respect to the Restricted Units shall be satisfied in full upon the delivery of its Shares pursuant to Section 4(a) herein.  
  5.   Transferability.    The Restricted Units may not be transferred and shall not be subject in any manner to
assignment, alienation, pledge, encumbrance or charge, until all restrictions are removed or have expired, unless otherwise provided under the Plan. Any purported Transfer or encumbrance in violation of the provisions of this Section 5 shall be
void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in such Restricted Units. 
      - 2 -  

6.   Voting and Other Rights.    The Grantee will not have any rights of a
shareholder of the Company with respect to the Restricted Units until the delivery of the underlying Shares. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver
Shares in the future, and the rights of the Grantee will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
  7.   Dividend Equivalent Payment Rights.    The Grantee shall possess dividend equivalent payment rights with respect to
the Restricted Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as of the Grant Date. Any dividend equivalent payment on the Restricted Units shall be based on the number of Restricted Units credited to the Grantee as of the dividend record date and
such credited dividend equivalent payment amount shall be paid in accordance with quarterly dividend declarations by the Board of Directors on the Company s common stock.  
  8.   Continuous Employment.    Unless otherwise specified by the Plan, for purposes of this Agreement, the continuous
employment of the Grantee with the Company shall not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Grantee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company, by reason of the transfer of his employment among the Company or a leave of
absence approved by the Committee.     9.   No Employment Contract.    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer
upon the Grantee any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Grantee.  
  10. Relation to Other Benefits.  Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken
into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage
available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company.    11.   Taxes and
Withholding.    To the extent that the Company is required to withhold any federal, state, local, foreign or other tax in connection with the Restricted Units or dividend equivalent payments thereon pursuant to this Agreement, it shall
be a condition to earning the award that the Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of such taxes required to be withheld. With respect to payments under Section 4 herein, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
require the Grantee to satisfy such required withholding obligation by surrendering to the Company a portion of the Shares earned by the Grantee hereunder, and the Shares so surrendered by the Grantee shall be credited against any such withholding
obligation at the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date of surrender.     12. Adjustments.  The number and kind of Shares
deliverable pursuant to a Restricted Unit are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8 of the Plan.    13.   Compliance with
Law.    While the Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws and listing requirements with respect to the Restricted Units or Shares that may be delivered pursuant to Section 4
herein, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Restricted Units or Shares pursuant to this Agreement if the delivery thereof would result in a violation of any such law or listing requirement.  
  14.   Amendments.    Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may modify this Agreement upon written notice to the
Grantee. Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto;  provided ,  however , no amendment of the Plan or this Agreement shall adversely affect
the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee s consent unless the Committee determines, in good faith, that such amendment is required for the  
      - 3 -  

Agreement to either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, or as otherwise may be provided in the Plan. 
  15.   Section 409A of the Code.    It is intended that the Restricted Units shall be exempt from the application of, or
comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The terms of this Agreement shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, and the Committee shall not take any action that would be inconsistent
with such intent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Restricted Units shall not be deferred, accelerated, extended, paid out, settled, adjusted, substituted, exchanged or modified in a manner that would cause the award to fail to satisfy the
conditions of an applicable exception from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or otherwise would subject the Grantee to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code.  
  16.   Severability.    In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any
reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable.  
  17.   Relation to Plan.    This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. This Agreement and the
Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained in this Agreement, and supersede all prior written or oral communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto. In
the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern except with respect to Section 2(a) of this Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned
to them in the Plan. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with the grant of the
Restricted Units.     18.   Successors and Assigns.    Without limiting Section 5, the provisions of this Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the Company.  
  19.   No Advice Regarding Award.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company
making any recommendations regarding the Grantee s participation in the Plan or the acquisition or sale of the underlying securities. The Grantee is hereby advised to consult with the Grantee s personal tax, legal or financial
advisors regarding the decision to participate in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.     20. Governing Law.   
 (a) The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Agreement, including tort claims, shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Ohio, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof.    (b) Any party bringing a legal action or proceeding against
another party arising out of or relating to this Agreement may bring the legal action or proceeding only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio and any of the courts of the State of Ohio, in each case sitting in
Cincinnati, Ohio.    (c) Each of the Company and the Grantee waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) any objection which it may
now or later have to the laying of venue of any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of the State of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio, including, without limitation, a motion to dismiss on the grounds of  forum non conveniens  or lack of subject matter  
      - 4 -  

jurisdiction; and (ii) any claim that any action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.  
 (d) Each of the Company and the Grantee submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (both personal and subject matter) of (i) the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate courts, and (ii) any court of the State of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate courts, for the purposes of all legal actions and
proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement.     21.   Language.    If the Grantee receives this Agreement
or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.  
  22.   Electronic Delivery.    The Grantee hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any documents that the
Company may elect to deliver (including, but not limited to, prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other forms of communications) in connection
with this and any other award made or offered under the Plan. The Grantee understands that, unless earlier revoked by the Grantee by giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company, this consent shall be effective for the duration of the
Agreement. The Grantee also understands that he or she shall have the right at any time to request that the Company deliver written copies of any and all materials referred to above at no charge. The Grantee hereby consents to any and all
procedures the Company has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of any such documents that the Company may elect to deliver, and agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same as, and
shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. The Grantee consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the
Plan.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer and the
Grantee has also executed this Agreement, as of the Grant Date.       

MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.  

By: 

Name: 
   
 Bryan Baldasare  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President, Corporate Controller   Treasurer  

- 5 -  

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 d270799dex1011.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10.11 

Exhibit 10.11   
  MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.   
  2012 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN   
  RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT   
  PERFORMANCE AWARD (U.S. EMPLOYEES)   
  Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant   
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the  Company ), grants to the Grantee named below, in accordance with the terms of
the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) and this Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (the  Agreement ), the following number of Restricted Share Units of the Company (the  Restricted
Units ), on the Grant Date set forth below:      

Name of Grantee:

Number of Units:                                     

Terms of Agreement   
  1.   Grant of Restricted Share Unit Awards . Subject to and upon the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee as of the Grant Date, the total number of Restricted Units set forth above. The Restricted Units shall be credited in a book entry account established for the Grantee until
payment in accordance with Section 4 hereof.     2.   Vesting of Restricted Units .  
 (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this grant of Restricted Units shall not vest and shall become void and be of no further
effect at the time net earnings for Meridian s fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 are determined and such earnings are released to the public unless such net earnings (the  Actual Earnings ) exceed $*****, subject to treatment of
certain items as defined in Item A of the 2017 Officers  Performance Compensation Plan (Corporate Incentive Bonus Plan) (the  Earnings Target ). If the Actual Earnings exceed the Earnings Target, this grant of Restricted
Units shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement and such Restricted Units shall vest 25% per year from the date of grant on the respective Vesting Dates identified above. 
 (b) All of the Restricted Units shall vest in full immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following prior to any determination and
release to the public of earnings as described in Section 2(a): (i) the Grantee dies while in the employ of the Company; (ii) the Grantee has a Disability; or (iii) there is an event described in Section 2(g) of the Plan ( Section 2(g) Change
in Control ). For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Restricted Units that vest in full upon the occurrence of an event described in (i), (ii) or (iii) in the immediately preceding sentence prior to any determination and release to the public
of earnings as described in Section 2(a) shall remain vested and shall not be forfeited or cancelled even if the Earnings Target exceeds the Actual Earnings.  
      - 1 -  

(c) In no event shall any of the Restricted Units vest if Grantee s Retirement occurs prior
to March 31, 2017. For the avoidance of doubt, if Grantee s Retirement occurs prior to March 31, 2017, Grantee shall forfeit the Restricted Units even if the Actual Earnings exceed the Earnings Target.  
 (d) If Grantee s Retirement occurs after March 31, 2017 but before any determination and release to the public of earnings as described
in Section 2(a), Restricted Units shall vest upon, and only upon, the later determination and release to the public that the Actual Earnings exceed the Earnings Target.  
 (e) In the event that after the determination and release to the public as described in Section 2(a) the Actual Earnings exceed the Earnings
Target Grantee s employment with the Company is terminated due to the Grantee s death, Disability, or Retirement including separation from employment, all of the Restricted Units shall vest in full upon Grantee s death, Disability or
Retirement, as the case may be.    (f) In the event of the determination and release to the public that the Actual Earnings exceed the
Earnings Target, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the time at which the Restricted Units become vested and nonforfeitable on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Plan, provided such acceleration does not result in an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A of the Code.     3. 
 Forfeiture of Restricted Units .   (a) The Restricted Units that have not yet vested pursuant to Section 2 shall be forfeited
automatically without further action or notice if the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company other than as provided in Section 1(b), 2(d), 2(e) or 2(f) hereof.  
 (b) The Grantee hereby acknowledges that in order for the Restricted Units to vest, Grantee must, prior to the first Vesting Date identified
on the first page hereof under  Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant , (i) accept the Restricted Units online or by telephone in accordance with the procedures established by the Company and Merrill Lynch, and; (ii) open a Merrill
Lynch brokerage account through the system maintained on behalf of the Company. If the Grantee has not completed both of the tasks prior to the first Vesting Date identified on the first page hereof under  Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award
Grant , the Restricted Units shall be forfeited as of such date.   4. Payment.  
 (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to the Grantee one share of its common stock ( Share )
for each vested Restricted Unit within thirty (30) days following the earlier of:    (i) the Vesting Dates identified on the first page
hereof under  Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant     (ii) the date of the Grantee s death;  
 (iii) the date of the Grantee s Disability, provided such Disability also constitutes a  disability  within the meaning of
Section 409A of the Code with respect to a Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code;    (iv) the date of
Grantee s termination of employment with the Company as a result of Retirement or a Change in Control event described in Section 2(g)(i) or (ii) of the Plan, provided such termination of employment also constitutes a  separation from
service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code with respect to a Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code; or  
      - 2 -  

(v) the date of an event described in Section 2(g)(iii) or (iv) of the Plan, provided such event
also constitutes a  change in control event  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code with respect to a Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code.  
 If the Grantee is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code on the date of the Grantee s separation from service
and the Grantee s Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code, then payment under (iv) above shall be made on the first day of the  seventh  month following the Grantee s separation from service, or, if earlier, the date
of the Grantee s death.    (b) The Company s obligations with respect to the Restricted Units shall be satisfied in full upon the
delivery of its Shares pursuant to Section 4(a) herein.     5.   Transferability . The Restricted Units may not be
transferred and shall not be subject in any manner to assignment, alienation, pledge, encumbrance or charge, until all restrictions are removed or have expired, unless otherwise provided under the Plan. Any purported Transfer or encumbrance in
violation of the provisions of this Section 5 shall be void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in such Restricted Units.  
  6.   Voting and Other Rights . The Grantee will not have any rights of a shareholder of the Company with respect to the
Restricted Units until the delivery of the underlying Shares. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver Shares in the future, and the rights of the
Grantee will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement.  
  7.   Dividend Equivalent Payment Rights . The Grantee shall possess dividend equivalent payment rights with respect to the
Restricted Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as of the Grant Date. Any dividend equivalent payment on the Restricted Units shall be based on the number of Restricted Units credited to the Grantee as of the dividend record date and such
credited dividend equivalent payment amount shall be paid in accordance with quarterly dividend declarations by the Board of Directors on the Company s common stock.  
  8.   Continuous Employment . Unless otherwise specified by the Plan, for purposes of this Agreement, the continuous employment
of the Grantee with the Company shall not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Grantee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company, by reason of the transfer of his employment among the Company or a leave of absence
approved by the Committee.     9.   No Employment Contract . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the
Grantee any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Grantee.  
  10.   Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be
taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage
available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company.     11.   Taxes and
Withholding . To the extent that the Company is required to withhold any federal, state, local, foreign or other tax in connection with the Restricted Units or dividend equivalent payments thereon pursuant to this Agreement, it shall be a
condition to earning the award that the Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of such taxes required to be withheld. With respect to payments under Section 4 herein, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, require
the Grantee to satisfy such required withholding obligation by surrendering to the Company a portion of the Shares earned by the Grantee  
      - 3 -  

hereunder, and the Shares so surrendered by the Grantee shall be credited against any such withholding obligation at the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date of surrender.  
  12.   Adjustments . The number and kind of Shares deliverable pursuant to a Restricted Unit are subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 8 of the Plan.     13.   Compliance with Law.    While the Company shall make reasonable efforts to
comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws and listing requirements with respect to the Restricted Units or Shares that may be delivered pursuant to Section 4 herein, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Restricted
Units or Shares pursuant to this Agreement if the delivery thereof would result in a violation of any such law or listing requirement.  
  14.   Amendments . Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may modify this Agreement upon written notice to the
Grantee. Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto;  provided ,  however , no amendment of the Plan or this Agreement shall adversely affect
the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee s consent unless the Committee determines, in good faith, that such amendment is required for the Agreement to either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the
requirements of Section 409A of the Code, or as otherwise may be provided in the Plan.     15.   Section 409A of the
Code . It is intended that the Restricted Units shall be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The terms of this Agreement shall be construed, administered, and governed in a
manner that effects such intent, and the Committee shall not take any action that would be inconsistent with such intent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Restricted Units shall not be deferred, accelerated, extended, paid out, settled,
adjusted, substituted, exchanged or modified in a manner that would cause the award to fail to satisfy the conditions of an applicable exception from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or otherwise would subject the Grantee to the
additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code.     16.   Severability . In the event that one or more of the
provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue
to be valid and fully enforceable.     17.   Relation to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan. This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained in this Agreement, and supersede all prior written or oral communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern except with respect to Section 1(a) of this Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein without
definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any questions which
arise in connection with the grant of the Restricted Units.     18.   Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 5,
the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the Company.  
  19.   No Advice Regarding Award . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making
any recommendations regarding the Grantee s participation in the Plan or the acquisition or sale of the underlying securities. The Grantee is hereby advised to consult with the Grantee s personal tax, legal or financial advisors
regarding the decision to participate in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.  
      - 4 -  

20.   Governing Law .  
 (a) The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Agreement, including tort claims, shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Ohio, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof.    (b) Any party bringing a legal action or proceeding against
another party arising out of or relating to this Agreement may bring the legal action or proceeding only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio and any of the courts of the State of Ohio, in each case sitting in
Cincinnati, Ohio.   (c) Each of the Company and the Grantee waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) any objection which it may
now or later have to the laying of venue of any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of the State of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio, including, without limitation, a motion to dismiss on the grounds of  forum non conveniens  or lack of subject matter jurisdiction; and (ii) any claim that any action or proceeding brought in any
such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.    (d) Each of the Company and the Grantee submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (both
personal and subject matter) of (i) the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate courts, and (ii) any court of the State of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate
courts, for the purposes of all legal actions and proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement.     21. 
 Language . If the Grantee receives this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English
version will control.     22.   Electronic Delivery . The Grantee hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any
documents that the Company may elect to deliver (including, but not limited to, prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other forms of
communications) in connection with this and any other award made or offered under the Plan. The Grantee understands that, unless earlier revoked by the Grantee by giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company, this consent shall be
effective for the duration of the Agreement. The Grantee also understands that he or she shall have the right at any time to request that the Company deliver written copies of any and all materials referred to above at no charge. The
Grantee hereby consents to any and all procedures the Company has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of any such documents that the Company may elect to deliver, and agrees that his or her
electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. The Grantee consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to
provide administrative services related to the Plan.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its
behalf by its duly authorized officer and the Grantee has also executed this Agreement, as of the Grant Date.       

MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.  

By: 

Name: 
   
   Bryan Baldasare   
 
 Title: 
   
   Vice President, Corporate Controller   Treasurer   

- 5 -  

</EX-10.11>

<EX-13>
 5
 d270799dex13.htm
 EX-13

EX-13 

Exhibit 13   
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Selected Financial Data      Income Statement Information
  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)         
    Balance Sheet Information   
   
    Forward-Looking Statements   
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements accompanied by meaningful
cautionary statements. Except for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which may
be identified by words such as  estimates ,  anticipates ,  projects ,  plans ,  seeks ,  may ,  will ,  expects ,  intends ,  believes ,
 should  and similar expressions or the negative versions thereof and which also may be identified by their context. All statements that address operating performance or events or developments that Meridian expects or anticipates will
occur in the future, including, but not limited to, statements relating to per share diluted earnings and revenue, are forward-looking statements. Such statements, whether expressed or implied, are based upon current expectations of the Company and
speak only as of the date made. Specifically, Meridian s forward-looking statements are, and will be, based on management s then-current views and assumptions regarding future events and operating performance. Meridian assumes no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized. These statements are subject to various risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, without limitation, the following:    Meridian s
continued growth depends, in part, on its ability to introduce into the marketplace enhancements of existing products or new products that incorporate technological advances, meet customer requirements and respond to products developed by
Meridian s competition, and its ability to effectively sell such products. While Meridian has introduced a number of internally developed products, there can be no assurance that it will be successful in the future in introducing such products
on a timely basis or in protecting its intellectual property. Meridian relies on proprietary, patented and licensed technologies. As such, the Company s ability to protect its intellectual property rights, as well as the potential for
intellectual property litigation, would impact its results. Ongoing consolidations of reference laboratories and formation of multi-hospital alliances may cause adverse changes to pricing and distribution. Recessionary pressures on the economy and
the markets in which our customers operate, as well as adverse trends in buying patterns from customers, can change expected results. Costs and difficulties in complying with laws and regulations, including those administered by the United States
Food and Drug Administration, can result in unanticipated expenses and delays and interruptions to the sale of new and existing products, as can the uncertainty of regulatory approvals and the regulatory process. The international scope of
Meridian s operations, including changes in the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar and general economic conditions in foreign countries, can impact results and make them difficult to predict. One of Meridian s growth
strategies is the acquisition of companies and product lines. There can be no assurance that additional acquisitions will be consummated or that, if consummated, will be successful and the acquired businesses will be successfully integrated into
Meridian s operations. There may be risks that acquisitions may disrupt operations and may pose potential difficulties in employee retention, and there may be additional risks with respect to Meridian s ability to recognize the benefits of
acquisitions, including potential synergies and cost savings or the failure of acquisitions to achieve their plans and objectives. Meridian cannot predict the possible impact of U.S. health care legislation enacted in 2010 - the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care Education Reconciliation Act - and any modification or repeal of any of the provisions thereof, and any similar initiatives in other countries on its results of operations. Efforts to reduce the
U.S. federal deficit, breaches of Meridian s information technology systems and natural disasters and other events could have a materially adverse effect on Meridian s results of operations and revenues. In addition to the factors
described in this paragraph, Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission contain a list and description of uncertainties, risks and other matters
that may affect the Company. Readers should carefully review these forward-looking statements and risk factors and not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.  

Corporate Profile    Meridian is a fully integrated
life science company that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes a broad range of innovative diagnostic test kits, rare reagents, specialty biologicals and components. Utilizing a variety of methods, our diagnostic tests provide accuracy,
simplicity and speed in the early diagnosis and treatment of common medical conditions, such as infections and lead poisoning. Meridian s diagnostic products are used outside of the human body and require little or no special equipment. The
Company s diagnostic products are designed to enhance patient well-being while reducing the total outcome costs of health care. Meridian has strong market positions in the areas of gastrointestinal and upper respiratory infections, and blood
lead level testing. In addition, Meridian is a supplier of rare reagents, specialty biologicals and components used by organizations in the life science and agribio industries engaged in research. Its products are also used by companies as
components in the manufacture of diagnostics. The Company markets its products and technologies to hospitals, reference laboratories, research centers, diagnostics manufacturers and agribio companies in more than 70 countries around the world. The
Company s shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, symbol VIVO. Meridian s website address is www.meridianbioscience.com.    MERIDIAN
BIOSCIENCE, INC. 1   

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Corporate Data       

Corporate Headquarters  
 3471 River Hills Drive   Cincinnati, Ohio 45244 
 (513) 271-3700  
    
    Annual Meeting  
 The annual meeting of the shareholders will be held on Wednesday, January 25, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time at the Holiday Inn Eastgate, 4501 Eastgate
Boulevard, Cincinnati, Ohio 45245.   Directions to the Holiday Inn Eastgate can be found on our website:  www.meridianbioscience.com.    
 
        Legal Counsel   

Keating Muething   Klekamp PLL   Cincinnati,
Ohio  

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

Grant Thornton LLP 

Cincinnati, Ohio 

Transfer Agent, Registrar and Dividend  

Reinvestment Administration  

Shareholders requiring a change of name, address or ownership of stock, as well as information about shareholder records, lost or stolen certificates, dividend checks, dividend direct deposit, and dividend reinvestment should
contact: Computershare Trust Company, N.A., P.O. Box 30170, College Station, TX 77842-3170; (888) 294-8217 or (781) 575-3120 (International holders only); or submit your inquiries online through
https:// www-us.computershare.com/investor/contact.  

Common Stock Information   
 NASDAQ Global Select Market Symbol:  VIVO.  Approximate number of beneficial holders: 17,700. Approximate number of record holders: 525.  
 The following table sets forth by quarter the high and low sales prices of the Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market.  
   
    Directors and Officers       

Directors  

Officers and Executives  

John A. Kraeutler  
    
  John C. McIlwraith  
    
  John A. Kraeutler  
    
  Vecheslav A. Elagin   
 
 Chairman of 
    
 Managing Director, 
    
 Chairman of 
    
 Executive Vice President,  
 
 the Board and 
    
 Allos Ventures 
    
 the Board and 
    
 Research and Development  
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Executive Officer 

David C. Phillips  

Melissa A. Lueke   
 
  James M. Anderson  
    
 Co-founder, 
    
  Lawrence J. Baldini  
    
 Executive Vice President,  
 
 Retired President and 
    
 Cincinnati Works, Inc. 
    
 Executive Vice President, 
    
 Chief Financial Officer and  
 
 Chief Executive 

President, Global Operations 
    
 Secretary  
 
 Officer, Cincinnati 
    
  Catherine A. Sazdanoff  

Children s Hospital 
    
 Chief Business Officer, 
    
  Marco G. Calzavara  
    
  Susan D. Rolih   
 
 Medical Center 
    
 Strata Oncology, Inc. 
    
 President and 
    
 Executive Vice President,  

Managing Director, 
    
 Global Regulatory and Quality  
 
  Dwight E. Ellingwood  

Meridian Bioscience Europe 
    
 Systems  
 
 President, 

D.E.E. Strategy 

Richard L. Eberly  
    
  Amy M. Winslow   
 
   Consulting, LLC  

Executive Vice President, 
    
 Executive Vice President,  

President and Chief 
    
 President, Magellan  

Commercial Officer 

PERFORMANCE GRAPH   
 The following graph shows the yearly percentage change in Meridian s cumulative total shareholder return on its Common Stock as measured by dividing the
sum of (A) the cumulative amount of dividends, assuming dividend reinvestment during the periods presented and (B) the difference between Meridian s share price at the end and the beginning of the periods presented; by the share price at the
beginning of the periods presented with the NASDAQ Composite Index and a Peer Group Index. The 2015 Peer Group consists of Alere Inc., Cepheid, IDEXX Laboratories, Inc., Neogen Corporation, Orasure Technologies Inc., Quidel Corporation, and Trinity
Biotech Plc. The 2016 Peer Group consists of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc., Luminex Corporation, Myriad Genetics, Inc., Neogen Corporation, Orasure Technolgies Inc., Quidel Corporation, and Trinity Biotech Plc.  
  COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*   
 Among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index,  
 2015 Peer Group and 2016 Peer Group      

Fiscal year
ending September 30.  

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 6
 d270799dex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21   
  Subsidiaries of the Registrant       

1. 
 Omega Technologies, Inc., an Ohio corporation        

2. 
 Meridian Bioscience Corporation, an Ohio corporation        

3. 
 Meridian Life Science, Inc., a Maine corporation        

4. 
 Meridian Bioscience Europe, s.r.l., an Italian corporation        

5. 
 Meridian Bioscience Europe S.A., a Belgian corporation        

6. 
 Meridian Bioscience Europe B.V., a Dutch corporation        

7. 
 Meridian Bioscience Asia Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation        

8. 
 Meridian Bioscience UK Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation        

9. 
 Meridian Bioscience International Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation        

10. 
 Bioline Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation        

11. 
 Bioline Reagents Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation        

12. 
 Bioline GmbH, a German corporation        

13. 
 Bioline (Aust) Pty Ltd., an Australian corporation        

14. 
 Bioline USA Inc., a Massachusetts corporation        

15. 
 Magellan Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation        

16. 
 Magellan Diagnostics, Inc., a Delaware corporation    

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 d270799dex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23   
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
 We have issued our report dated November 29, 2016, with respect to the consolidated financial statements, schedule, and internal control over financial
reporting included in the Annual Report of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Meridian Bioscience,
Inc. on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-200645), and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-179440, File No. 333-155703, File No. 333-122554, File No. 333-122002, File No. 333-75312, and File No. 333-74825).  
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP    Cincinnati, Ohio  
 November 29, 2016  

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 d270799dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)   
 I, John A. Kraeutler, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Meridian Bioscience, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 29, 2016      

/s/ John A. Kraeutler   
 
 John A. Kraeutler  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 d270799dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)   
 I, Melissa A. Lueke, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Meridian Bioscience, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 29, 2016      

/s/ Melissa A. Lueke   
 
 Melissa A. Lueke  
 
 Executive Vice President and  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 d270799dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to   
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 In connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Annual Report of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form
10-K for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
their knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ John A. Kraeutler   
 
 John A. Kraeutler  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 29, 2016  

/s/ Melissa A. Lueke   
 
 Melissa A. Lueke  
 
 Executive Vice President and  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 November 29, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 vivo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 vivo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 vivo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 vivo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 vivo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 vivo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

