<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_842517_0000842517-16-000361_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20137474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116218</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>698981</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8550766</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8398265</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1928395</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>96</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000842517-16-000361.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160958
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000842517-16-000361
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ISABELLA BANK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000842517
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				382830092
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18415
		FILM NUMBER:		161984314

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 EAST BROADWAY
		CITY:			MT PLEASANT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48858
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5177729471

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 EAST BROADWAY
		CITY:			MT PLEASANT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48858

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IBT BANCORP INC /MI/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000842517-16-000361.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 isba_20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  or 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number:   0-18415 

Isabella Bank Corporation 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(989) 772-9471 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.           Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).           Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).            Yes           No 
  The number of common shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock (no par value) was   7,831,272   as of   November 4, 2016  . 

Table of Contents  

ISABELLA BANK CORPORATION 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  Table of Contents                        PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
    4 

Item 1. 
      
     Financial Statements  
      
    4 

Item 2. 
      
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    39 

Item 3. 
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    61 

Item 4. 
      
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    61 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
      
    62 

Item 1. 
      
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    62 

Item 1A. 
      
     Risk Factors  
      
    62 

Item 2. 
      
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    62 

Item 3. 
      
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      
    62 

Item 4. 
      
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    62 

Item 5. 
      
     Other Information  
      
    62 

Item 6. 
      
     Exhibits  
      
    63 

SIGNATURES  

64 

2 

Table of Contents  

Forward Looking Statements 
  This report contains certain forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend such forward looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are included in this statement for purposes of these safe harbor provisions. Forward looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   project,  or similar expressions. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on the operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to, changes in: interest rates, general economic conditions, monetary and fiscal policy, the quality or composition of the loan or investment portfolios, demand for loan products, fluctuation in the value of collateral securing our loan portfolio, deposit flows, competition, demand for financial services in our market area, and accounting principles, policies and guidelines. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Further information concerning our business, including additional factors that could materially affect our financial results, is included in our filings with the   SEC  . 
  Glossary of Acronyms and Abbreviations 
  The acronyms and abbreviations identified below may be used throughout this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  , or in our other   SEC   filings. You may find it helpful to refer back to this page while reading this report.                   AFS: Available-for-sale 
      
    GAAP:  U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
      ALLL:  Allowance for loan and lease losses 
      
    GLB Act:  Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 
      AOCI:  Accumulated other comprehensive income 
      
    IFRS:  International Financial Reporting Standards 
      ASC:  FASB Accounting Standards Codification 
      
    IRR:  Interest rate risk 
      ASU:  FASB Accounting Standards Update 
      
    ISDA: International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
      ATM:  Automated Teller Machine 
      
    JOBS Act:  Jumpstart our Business Startups Act 
      BHC Act:  Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 
      
    LIBOR:  London Interbank Offered Rate 
      CFPB:  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
      
    N/A:  Not applicable 
      CIK:  Central Index Key 
      
    N/M:  Not meaningful 
      CRA:  Community Reinvestment Act 
      
    NASDAQ:  NASDAQ Stock Market Index 
      DIF:  Deposit Insurance Fund 
      
    NASDAQ Banks:  NASDAQ Bank Stock Index 
      DIFS:  Department of Insurance and Financial Services 
      
    NAV:  Net asset value 
      Directors Plan:  Isabella Bank Corporation and Related Companies Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors 
      
    NOW:  Negotiable order of withdrawal 
      Dividend Reinvestment Plan: Isabella Bank Corporation Stockholder Dividend Reinvestment Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
      
    NSF:  Non-sufficient funds 
      Dodd-Frank Act:  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
      
    OCI:  Other comprehensive income (loss) 
      ESOP: Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
      
    OMSR:  Originated mortgage servicing rights 
      Exchange Act:  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
      
    OREO:  Other real estate owned 
      FASB:  Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      
    OTTI:  Other-than-temporary impairment 
      FDI Act:  Federal Deposit Insurance Act 
      
    PBO:  Projected benefit obligation 
      FDIC:  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
      
    PCAOB:  Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
      FFIEC:  Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council 
      
    Rabbi Trust:  A trust established to fund the Directors Plan 
      FRB:  Federal Reserve Bank 
      
    SEC:  U.S. Securities   Exchange Commission 
      FHLB:  Federal Home Loan Bank 
      
    SOX:   Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      Freddie Mac:  Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
      
    TDR:  Troubled debt restructuring 
      FTE:  Fully taxable equivalent 
      
    XBRL:  eXtensible Business Reporting Language 

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements. 
   
  INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
  (  Dollars in thousands  ) 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  (  Dollars in thousands   except per share amounts  )   

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  (  Dollars in thousands  )   

            (1)   
    See    Note 12     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income    for tax effect reconciliation. 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
  (  Dollars in thousands   except per share amounts  )   

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (UNAUDITED) 
  (  Dollars in thousands  )   

8 

     Table of Contents  

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (continued) 
  (  Dollars in thousands  )   

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
  (  Dollars in thousands   except per share amounts  ) 
   
  Note 1     Basis of Presentation 
  As used in these notes, as well as in   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  , references to  Isabella,  the  Corporation ,  we,   our,   us,  and similar terms refer to the consolidated entity consisting of   Isabella Bank Corporation   and its subsidiaries.   Isabella Bank Corporation   refers solely to the parent holding company, and   Isabella Bank   or the  Bank  refer to   Isabella Bank Corporation   s subsidiary,   Isabella Bank  . 
  The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with   GAAP   for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by   GAAP   for complete financial statements. In our opinion, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the   three and nine   month   periods   ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . For further information, refer to our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Our accounting policies are materially the same as those discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Reclassifications:   Certain amounts reported in the   2015   consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the   2016   presentation. 
  Restatements:   In this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  , certain prior period financial information has been restated due to an accounting correction.  Impacted sections of the Consolidated Financial Statements include: 
           1. 
    Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2015  ; and 
              2. 
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015  . 
     On the Consolidated Statements of Income, the effects of the restatement reduced loan interest and fee income by   $871   and   $2,564  , respectively, and compensation and benefits were reduced by   $871   and   $2,564  , respectively, for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015  .  The restatement did not impact net income for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  All amounts in this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   affected by the restatement adjustments are reflected as the restated amounts.  For information related to the restatement, refer to our    Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Note 2     Computation of Earnings Per Common Share 
  Basic earnings per common share represents income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share reflects additional common shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common shares had been issued. Potential common shares that may be issued relate solely to outstanding shares in the   Directors Plan  .   

            (1)   
    Exclusive of shares held in the   Rabbi Trust 
     
   10 

Table of Contents  

Note 3     Accounting Standards Updates 
  Pending Accounting Standards Updates 
  ASU No. 2016-01:      Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities  
  In January 2016, ASU No. 2016-01 set forth the following: 1) requires equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; 2) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment and when an impairment exists, an entity is required to measure the investment at fair value; 3) for public entities, eliminates the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; 4) for public entities, requires the use of exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; 5) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income, the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; 6) requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; and 7) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity's other deferred tax assets.  The new authoritative guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our operations or financial statement disclosures due to existing equity investments. 
  ASU No. 2016-02:  Leases (Topic 842)  
  In February 2016, ASU No. 2016-02 was issued to create   Topic 842 - Leases   which will require recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for leases previously classified as operating leases.  Accounting guidance is set forth for both lessee and lessor accounting.  Under lessee accounting, a lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.   
  For finance leases, a lessee is required to do the following: 1) recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in the statement of financial position; 2) recognize interest on the lease liability separately from amortization of the right-of-use asset in the statement of comprehensive income; and 3) classify repayments of the principal portion of the lease liability within financing activities and payments of interest on the lease liability and variable lease payments within operating activities in the statement of cash flows.  For operating leases, a lessee is required to do the following: 1) recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in the statement of financial position; 2) recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term on a generally straight-line basis; and 3) classify all cash payments within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. 
  The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP.  The new authoritative guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our operations or financial statement disclosures. 
  ASU No. 2016-05:  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  
  In March 2016, ASU No. 2016-05 was issued to clarify designation of a hedging instrument when there is a change in counterparty.  A change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.  The new authoritative guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our operations or financial statement disclosures. 
  ASU No. 2016-07:  Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition of the Equity Method of Accounting  
  In March 2016, ASU No. 2016-07 was issued and eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held.  Additionally, the update requires that the equity method  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting.  Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required.  The new authoritative guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our operations or financial statement disclosures. 
  ASU No. 2016-09:  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  
  In March 2016, ASU No. 2016-09 updated several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  The new authoritative guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our operations or financial statement disclosures. 
  ASU No. 2016-13:  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  
  In June 2016, ASU No. 2016-13 updated the measurement for credit losses for AFS debt securities and assets measured at amortized cost which include loans, trade receivables, and any other financial assets with the contractual right to receive cash.  Current GAAP requires an  incurred loss  methodology for recognizing credit losses that delays recognition until it is probable a loss has been incurred.  Under the incurred loss approach, entities are limited to a probable initial recognition threshold when credit losses are measured under GAAP; an entity generally only considers past events and current conditions in measuring the incurred loss. 
  In the new guidance, the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP is replaced with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses.  This methodology requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to calculate credit loss estimates.  The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount.  An entity must use judgment in determining the relevant information and estimation methods that are appropriate in its circumstances which applies to assets measured either collectively or individually. 
  The update allows an entity to revert to historical loss information that is reflective of the contractual term (considering the effect of prepayments) for periods that are beyond the time frame for which the entity is able to develop reasonable and supportable forecasts.  In addition, the disclosures of credit quality indicators in relation to the amortized cost of financing receivables, a current disclosure requirement, are further disaggregated by year of origination (or vintage). The vintage information will be useful for financial statement users to better assess changes in underwriting standards and credit quality trends in asset portfolios over time and the effect of those changes on credit losses. 
    
  Overall, the update will allow entities the ability to measure expected credit losses without the restriction of incurred or probable losses that exist under current GAAP.  For users of the financial statements, the update provides decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date.  The new authoritative guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and is expected to have a significant impact on our operations and financial statement disclosures as well as that of the banking industry as a whole. 
  ASU No. 2016-15:  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  
  In August 2016, ASU No. 2016-15 was issued to provide guidance on eight specific cash flow issues: 1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; 2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; 3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; 4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; 5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; 6) including bank-owned life insurance policies; 7) distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and 8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle.  The new authoritative guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our operations or financial statement disclosures. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

Note 4     AFS Securities 
  The amortized cost and fair value of   AFS securities  , with gross unrealized gains and losses, are as follows at:   

The amortized cost and fair value of   AFS securities   by contractual maturity at   September 30, 2016   are as follows:   

  Expected maturities for government sponsored enterprises and states and political subdivisions may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 
  As the auction rate money market preferred and preferred stocks have continual call dates, they are not reported by a specific maturity group. Because of their variable monthly payments, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are not reported by a specific maturity group. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of the sales activity of AFS securities was as follows for the:   

  We had   no   sales of AFS securities in the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  The cost basis used to determine the realized gains or losses of AFS securities sold was the amortized cost of the individual investment security as of the trade date. 
  The following information pertains to   AFS securities   with gross unrealized losses at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position.    

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we conducted an analysis to determine whether any   AFS securities   currently in an unrealized loss position should be   other-than-temporarily   impaired. Such analyses considered, among other factors, the following criteria: 
             
    Has the value of the investment declined more than what is deemed to be reasonable based on a risk and maturity adjusted discount rate? 
                
    Is the investment credit rating below investment grade? 
                
    Is it probable the issuer will be unable to pay the amount when due? 
                
    Is it more likely than not that we will have to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis? 
                
    Has the duration of the investment been extended? 
     
   14 

     Table of Contents  

Based on our analyses, the fact that we have asserted that we do not have the intent to sell   AFS securities   in an unrealized loss position, and considering it is unlikely that we will have to sell any   AFS securities   in an unrealized loss position before recovery of their cost basis, we do not believe that the values of any   AFS securities   were   other-than-temporarily   impaired as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Note 5     Loans and ALLL 
  We grant commercial, agricultural, residential real estate, and consumer loans to customers situated primarily in Clare, Gratiot, Isabella, Mecosta, Midland, Montcalm, and Saginaw counties in Michigan. The ability of the borrowers to honor their repayment obligations is often dependent upon the real estate, agricultural, manufacturing, retail, gaming, tourism, higher education, and general economic conditions of this region. Substantially all of our consumer and residential real estate loans are secured by various items of property, while commercial loans are secured primarily by real estate, business assets, and personal guarantees; a portion of loans are unsecured. 
  Loans that we have the intent and ability to hold in our portfolio are reported at their outstanding principal balance adjusted for any   charge-offs  , the   ALLL  , and any deferred fees or costs. Interest income is accrued over the term of the loan based on the principal amount outstanding. Loan origination fees and certain direct loan origination costs are capitalized and recognized as a component of interest income over the term of the loan using the level yield method. 
  The accrual of interest on commercial, agricultural, and residential real estate loans is discontinued at the time the loan is   90 days   or more past due unless the credit is   well-secured   and in the process of collection. Upon transferring the loans to   nonaccrual   status, we perform an evaluation to determine the net realizable value of the underlying collateral. This evaluation is used to help determine if any   charge-offs   are necessary. Consumer loans are typically   charged-off   no later than   180 days   past due. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on   nonaccrual   status or   charged-off   at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 
  For loans that are placed on   nonaccrual   status or   charged-off  , all interest accrued in the current calendar year, but not collected, is reversed against interest income while interest accrued in prior calendar years, but not collected, is charged against the   ALLL  . Loans may be returned to accrual status after   six months   of continuous performance. 
  Commercial and agricultural loans include loans for commercial real estate, commercial operating loans, advances to mortgage brokers, farmland and agricultural production, and states and political subdivisions. Repayment of these loans is dependent upon the successful operation and management of a business. We minimize our risk by limiting the amount of direct credit exposure to any one borrower to   $15,000  . Borrowers with direct credit needs of more than   $15,000   are serviced through the use of loan participations with other commercial banks. Commercial and agricultural real estate loans commonly require   loan-to-value   limits of   80%   or less. Depending upon the type of loan, past credit history, and current operating results, we may require the borrower to pledge accounts receivable, inventory, and property and equipment. Personal guarantees are generally required from the owners of closely held corporations, partnerships, and sole proprietorships. In addition, we require annual financial statements, prepare cash flow analyses, and review credit reports. 
  We entered into a mortgage purchase program with a financial institution where we participate in advances to mortgage brokers ("advances").  The mortgage brokers originate residential mortgage loans with the intent to sell on the secondary market.  We participate in the advance to the mortgage broker, which is secured by the underlying mortgage loan, until it is ultimately sold on the secondary market.  As such, the average life of each participated advance is approximately 20-30 days.  Funds from the sale of the loan are used to payoff our participation in the advance to the mortgage broker.  We classify these advances as commercial loans and include the outstanding balance in commercial loans on our balance sheet.  Under the participation agreement, we committed to a maximum outstanding aggregate amount of   $30,000  .  The difference between our outstanding balances and the maximum outstanding aggregate amount are classified as    Unfunded commitments under lines of credit    in the    Contractual Obligations and Loan Commitments    section of the   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   of this report. 
  We offer adjustable rate mortgages, construction loans, and fixed rate residential real estate loans which have amortization periods up to a maximum of   30   years. We consider the anticipated direction of interest rates, balance sheet duration, the sensitivity of our balance sheet to changes in interest rates, and overall loan demand to determine whether or not to sell fixed rate loans to   Freddie Mac  .   
  Our lending policies generally limit the maximum   loan-to-value   ratio on residential real estate loans to   97%   of the lower of the appraised value of the property or the purchase price, with the condition that private mortgage insurance is required on loans with   loan-to-value   ratios in excess of   80%  . 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Underwriting criteria for originated residential real estate loans include:  
             
    Evaluation of the borrower s ability to make monthly payments. 
                
    Evaluation of the value of the property securing the loan. 
                
    Ensuring the payment of principal, interest, taxes, and hazard insurance does not exceed   28%   of a borrower s gross income. 
                
    Ensuring all debt servicing does not exceed   36%   of income. 
                
    Verification of acceptable credit reports. 
                
    Verification of employment, income, and financial information. 
     Appraisals are performed by independent appraisers and reviewed for appropriateness. All originated mortgage loan requests are reviewed by our mortgage loan committee or through a secondary market underwriting system; loans in excess of   $500   require the approval of our Internal Loan Committee, the Executive Loan Committee, the Board of Directors  Loan Committee, or the Board of Directors. 
  Consumer loans include secured and unsecured personal loans. Loans are amortized for a period of up to   12   years based on the age and value of the underlying collateral. The underwriting emphasis is on a borrower s perceived intent and ability to pay rather than collateral value.   No   consumer loans are sold to the secondary market. 
  The   ALLL   is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the   ALLL   when we believe the   uncollectability   of the loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the   ALLL  . 
  The appropriateness of the   ALLL   is evaluated on a quarterly basis and is based upon a periodic review of the   collectability   of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
  The primary factors behind the determination of the level of the   ALLL   are specific allocations for impaired loans, historical loss percentages, as well as unallocated components. Specific allocations for impaired loans are primarily determined based on the difference between the loan s outstanding balance to the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell. Historical loss allocations are calculated at the loan class and segment levels based on a migration analysis of the loan portfolio, with the exception of advances to mortgage brokers, over the preceding   five   years. With no historical losses on advances to mortgage brokers, there is no allocation in the commercial segment displayed below based on historical loss factors.  The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. 
  A summary of changes in the   ALLL   and the recorded investment in loans by segments follows:   

16 

     Table of Contents  

17 

     Table of Contents  

The following table displays the credit quality indicators for commercial and agricultural credit exposures based on internally assigned credit risk ratings as of:   

Internally assigned credit risk ratings are reviewed, at a minimum, when loans are renewed or when management has knowledge of improvements or deterioration of the credit quality of individual credits. Descriptions of the internally assigned credit risk ratings for commercial and agricultural loans are as follows: 
  1. EXCELLENT   Substantially Risk Free 
  Credit has strong financial condition and solid earnings history, characterized by: 
             
    High liquidity, strong cash flow, low leverage. 
                
    Unquestioned ability to meet all obligations when due. 
                
    Experienced management, with management succession in place. 
                
    Secured by cash. 
     2. HIGH QUALITY   Limited Risk 
  Credit with sound financial condition and a positive trend in earnings supplemented by: 
             
    Favorable liquidity and leverage ratios. 
                
    Ability to meet all obligations when due. 
                
    Management with successful track record. 
                
    Steady and satisfactory earnings history. 
                
    If loan is secured, collateral is of high quality and readily marketable. 
     
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Access to alternative financing. 
                
    Well defined primary and secondary source of repayment. 
                
    If supported by guaranty, the financial strength and liquidity of the guarantor(s) are clearly evident. 
     3.     HIGH SATISFACTORY   Reasonable Risk 
  Credit with satisfactory financial condition and further characterized by: 
             
    Working capital adequate to support operations. 
                
    Cash flow sufficient to pay debts as scheduled. 
                
    Management experience and depth appear favorable. 
                
    Loan performing according to terms. 
                
    If loan is secured, collateral is acceptable and loan is fully protected. 
     4. LOW SATISFACTORY   Acceptable Risk 
  Credit with bankable risks, although some signs of weaknesses are shown: 
             
    Would include most start-up businesses. 
                
    Occasional instances of trade slowness or repayment delinquency   may have been   10  -  30   days slow within the past year. 
                
    Management s abilities are apparent, yet unproven. 
                
    Weakness in primary source of repayment with adequate secondary source of repayment. 
                
    Loan structure generally in accordance with policy. 
                
    If secured, loan collateral coverage is marginal. 
                
    Adequate cash flow to service debt, but coverage is low. 
     To be classified as less than satisfactory, only one of the following criteria must be met. 
  5. SPECIAL MENTION   Criticized 
  Credit constitutes an undue and unwarranted credit risk but not to the point of justifying a classification of substandard. The credit risk may be relatively minor yet constitute an unwarranted risk in light of the circumstances surrounding a specific loan: 
             
    Downward trend in sales, profit levels, and margins. 
                
    Impaired working capital position. 
                
    Cash flow is strained in order to meet debt repayment. 
                
    Loan delinquency (  30  -  60   days) and overdrafts may occur. 
                
    Shrinking equity cushion. 
                
    Diminishing primary source of repayment and questionable secondary source. 
                
    Management abilities are questionable. 
                
    Weak industry conditions. 
                
    Litigation pending against the borrower. 
                
    Collateral or guaranty offers limited protection. 
                
    Negative debt service coverage, however the credit is well collateralized and payments are current. 
     6. SUBSTANDARD   Classified 
  Credit where the borrower s current net worth, paying capacity, and value of the collateral pledged is inadequate. There is a distinct possibility that we will implement collection procedures if the loan deficiencies are not corrected. In addition, the following characteristics may apply: 
             
    Sustained losses have severely eroded the equity and cash flow. 
                
    Deteriorating liquidity. 
                
    Serious management problems or internal fraud. 
                
    Original repayment terms liberalized. 
                
    Likelihood of bankruptcy. 
                
    Inability to access other funding sources. 
                
    Reliance on secondary source of repayment. 
                
    Litigation filed against borrower. 
                
    Collateral provides little or no value. 
     
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Requires excessive attention of the loan officer. 
                
    Borrower is uncooperative with loan officer. 
     7.     VULNERABLE   Classified 
  Credit is considered  Substandard  and warrants placing on   nonaccrual   status. Risk of loss is being evaluated and exit strategy options are under review. Other characteristics that may apply: 
             
    Insufficient cash flow to service debt. 
                
    Minimal or no payments being received. 
                
    Limited options available to avoid the collection process. 
                
    Transition status, expect action will take place to collect loan without immediate progress being made. 
     8. DOUBTFUL   Workout 
  Credit has all the weaknesses inherent in a  Substandard  loan with the added characteristic that collection and/or liquidation is pending. The possibility of a loss is extremely high, but its classification as a loss is deferred until liquidation procedures are completed, or reasonably estimable. Other characteristics that may apply: 
             
    Normal operations are severely diminished or have ceased. 
                
    Seriously impaired cash flow. 
                
    Original repayment terms materially altered. 
                
    Secondary source of repayment is inadequate. 
                
    Survivability as a  going concern  is impossible. 
                
    Collection process has begun. 
                
    Bankruptcy petition has been filed. 
                
    Judgments have been filed. 
                
    Portion of the loan balance has been   charged-off  . 
     Our primary credit quality indicator for residential real estate and consumer loans is the individual loan s past due aging. The following tables summarize the past due and current loans as of:   

20 

     Table of Contents  

Impaired Loans 
  Loans may be classified as impaired if they meet one or more of the following criteria: 
           1. 
    There has been a   charge-off   of its principal balance (in whole or in part); 
              2. 
    The loan has been classified as a   TDR  ; or 
              3. 
    The loan is in   nonaccrual   status. 
     Impairment is measured on a   loan-by-loan   basis for commercial and agricultural loans by comparing the loan s outstanding balance to the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Impairment is measured on a   loan-by-loan   basis for residential real estate and consumer loans by comparing the loan s unpaid principal balance to the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

We do not recognize interest income on impaired loans in   nonaccrual   status.  For impaired loans not classified as   nonaccrual  , interest income is recognized daily, as earned, according to the terms of the loan agreement and the principal amount outstanding.  The following is a summary of information pertaining to impaired loans as of:   

22 

     Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of information pertaining to impaired loans for the:   

23 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had   no   commitments to advance additional funds in connection with impaired loans, which include   TDRs  . 
  Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  Loan modifications are considered to be   TDRs   when the modification includes terms outside of normal lending practices to a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulties. 
  Typical concessions granted include, but are not limited to: 
           1. 
    Agreeing to interest rates below prevailing market rates for debt with similar risk characteristics. 
              2. 
    Extending the amortization period beyond typical lending guidelines for loans with similar risk characteristics. 
              3. 
    Forgiving principal. 
              4. 
    Forgiving accrued interest. 
     To determine if a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, factors we consider include: 
           1. 
    The borrower is currently in default on any of their debt. 
              2. 
    The borrower would likely default on any of their debt if the concession was not granted. 
              3. 
    The borrower s cash flow was insufficient to service all of their debt if the concession was not granted. 
              4. 
    The borrower has declared, or is in the process of declaring, bankruptcy. 
              5. 
    The borrower is unlikely to continue as a going concern (if the entity is a business). 
     
   24 

     Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of information pertaining to   TDRs   granted for the:   

The following tables summarize concessions we granted to borrowers in financial difficulty for the:                                                                       
    Three Months Ended September 30 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
        
    Below Market Interest Rate 
      
    Below Market Interest Rate and Extension of Amortization Period 
      
    Below Market Interest Rate 
      
    Below Market Interest Rate and Extension of Amortization Period 
        
    Number of Loans 
      
    Pre-Modification Recorded Investment 
      
    Number of Loans 
      
    Pre-Modification Recorded Investment 
      
    Number of Loans 
      
    Pre-Modification Recorded Investment 
      
    Number of Loans 
      
    Pre-Modification Recorded Investment 
      Commercial other 

$ 

1 

$ 
    1,315 

3 

$ 
    1,926 

$ 

Agricultural other 
    1 

14 

1 

305 

3 

636 

Residential real estate 

Senior liens 

1 

151 

Junior liens 

Home equity lines of credit 

Total residential real estate 

1 

151 

Consumer unsecured 

Total 
    1 

$ 
    14 

2 

$ 
    1,620 

7 

$ 
    2,713 

$ 

25 

     Table of Contents  

We did not restructure any loans by forgiving principal or accrued interest in the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
  Based on our historical loss experience, losses associated with   TDRs   are not significantly different than other impaired loans within the same loan segment. As such,   TDRs  , including   TDRs   that have been modified in the past   12 months   that subsequently defaulted, are analyzed in the same manner as other impaired loans within their respective loan segment. 
  We had   no   loans that defaulted in the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   which were modified within   12 months   prior to the default date.  Following is a summary of loans that defaulted in the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015  , which were modified within   12 months   prior to the default date.   

  The following is a summary of   TDR   loan balances as of:   

Note 6     Equity Securities Without Readily Determinable Fair Values 
  Included in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are restricted securities, which are carried at cost, and investments in unconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
  Equity securities without readily determinable fair values consist of the following as of:   

26 

Table of Contents  

Note 7       Foreclosed Assets 
  Foreclosed assets are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets and consist of other real estate owned and repossessed assets. The following is a summary of foreclosed assets:   

  Below is a summary of changes in foreclosed assets during the:   

There were   no   consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate in the process of foreclosure as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Note 8     Borrowed Funds 
  Borrowed funds consist of the following obligations as of:   

  FHLB   advances are collateralized by a blanket lien on all qualified 1-4 family residential real estate loans, specific AFS securities, and    FHLB   stock. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

The following table lists the maturities and weighted average interest rates of   FHLB   advances as of:   

            (1)   
    Hedged advance (see "  Derivative Instruments  " section below) 
     Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are classified as secured borrowings and are reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction. The securities underlying the agreements have a carrying value and a fair value of   $55,148   and   $70,555   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Such securities remain under our control. We may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of underlying securities. 
  Securities sold under repurchase agreements without stated maturity dates, federal funds purchased, and FRB Discount Window advances generally mature within   one   to   four   days from the transaction date. The following table provides a summary of securities sold under repurchase agreements without stated maturity dates and federal funds purchased.  We had no FRB Discount Window advances during the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  .   

We had pledged   AFS securities   and 1-4 family residential real estate loans in the following amounts at:   

28 

     Table of Contents  

AFS securities pledged to repurchase agreements without stated maturity dates consisted of the following at:   

  AFS securities pledged to repurchase agreements are monitored to ensure the appropriate level is collateralized.  In the event of maturities, calls, significant principal repayments, or significant decline in market values, we have adequate levels of AFS securities to pledge to satisfy required collateral. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the ability to borrow up to an additional   $15,173  , based on assets pledged as collateral.  We had   no   investment securities that are restricted to be pledged for specific purposes. 
  Derivative Instruments    
  During the second quarter of 2016, we began to enter into interest rate swaps to manage exposure to interest rate risk and variability in cash flows.  The interest rate swaps, associated with our variable rate borrowings, are designated upon inception as cash flow hedges of forecasted interest payments.  We enter into LIBOR-based interest rate swaps that involve the receipt of variable amounts in exchange for fixed rate payments, in effect converting variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. 
  Cash flow hedges are assessed for effectiveness using regression analysis.  The effective portion of changes in fair value are recorded in OCI and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period in which the related interest on the variable rate borrowings affects earnings.  In the event that a portion of the changes in fair value were determined to be ineffective, the ineffective amount would be recorded in earnings. 
  The following table provides information on derivatives related to variable rate borrowings as of   September 30, 2016  .                                                 
    Pay Rate 
      
    Receive Rate 
      
    Remaining Life (Years) 
      
    Notional Amount 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Cash Flow Hedges: 

Interest rate swaps 
    1.56 
    % 
      
    3-Month LIBOR 
      
    4.6 
      
    $ 
    10,000 

Other liabilities 
      
    $ 
    (61 
    ) 

Derivatives contain an element of credit risk which arises from the possibility that we will incur a loss as a result of a counterparty failing to meet its contractual obligations.  Credit risk is minimized through counterparty collateral, transaction limits and monitoring procedures.  We also manage dealer credit risk by entering into interest rate derivatives only with primary and highly rated counterparties, the use of   ISDA   master agreements and counterparties limits.  We do not anticipate any losses from failure of interest rate derivative counterparties to honor their obligations. 
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

Note 9     Other Noninterest Expenses 
  A summary of expenses included in other   noninterest   expenses is as follows for the:   

Note 10     Federal Income Taxes 
  The reconciliation of the provision for federal income taxes and the amount computed at the federal statutory tax rate of   34%   of income before federal income tax expense is as follows for the:   

Note 11     Fair Value 
  Following is a description of the valuation methodologies, key inputs, and an indication of the level of the fair value hierarchy in which the assets or liabilities are classified. 
  Cash and cash equivalents  :   The carrying amounts of cash and demand deposits due from banks and interest bearing balances due from banks approximate fair values. As such, we classify cash and cash equivalents as Level 1. 
  AFS securities  :     AFS securities   are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Level 1 fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments. Level 2 fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss and liquidity assumptions. The values for Level 1 and Level 2 investment securities are generally obtained from an independent third party. On a quarterly basis, we compare the values provided to alternative pricing sources. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Mortgage loans AFS  :     Mortgage loans AFS   are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The fair value of   Mortgage loans AFS   are based on the price secondary markets are currently offering for portfolios with similar characteristics. As such, we classify   Mortgage loans AFS   subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustments as Level 2. 
  Loans  :   For variable rate loans with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. Fair values for fixed rate loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The resulting amounts are adjusted to estimate the effect of changes in the credit quality of borrowers since the loans were originated. As such, we classify loans as Level 3 assets. 
  We do not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. However, from   time-to-time  , loans are classified as impaired and a specific allowance for loan losses may be established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will be significantly different than the contractual terms of the original loan agreement are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as impaired, we measure the estimated impairment. The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several methods, including the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans. 
  We review the net realizable values of the underlying collateral for collateral dependent impaired loans on at least a quarterly basis for all loan types. To determine the collateral value, we utilize independent appraisals, broker price opinions, or internal evaluations. We review these valuations to determine whether an additional discount should be applied given the age of market information that may have been considered as well as other factors such as costs to sell an asset if it is determined that the collateral will be liquidated in connection with the ultimate settlement of the loan. We use these valuations to determine if any specific reserves or   charge-offs   are necessary. We may obtain new valuations in certain circumstances, including when there has been significant deterioration in the condition of the collateral, if the foreclosure process has begun, or if the existing valuation is deemed to be outdated. 
  The following tables list the quantitative fair value information about impaired loans as of:   

Discount factors with ranges are based on the age of the independent appraisal, broker price opinion, or internal evaluation. 
  Accrued interest receivable  :   The carrying amounts of accrued interest receivable approximate fair value. As such, we classify accrued interest receivable as Level 1. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Equity securities without readily determinable fair values  :   Included in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are   FHLB   stock and   FRB   stock as well as our ownership interests in   Corporate Settlement Solutions, LLC   and   Valley Financial Corporation  . The investment in   Corporate Settlement Solutions, LLC  , a title insurance company, was made in the first quarter 2008 and we account for our investment under the equity method of accounting.   Valley Financial Corporation   is the parent company of 1st State Bank in Saginaw, Michigan, which is a community bank that opened in 2005. We made investments in   Valley Financial Corporation   in 2004 and in 2007 and we account for our investment under the cost method of accounting. 
  The lack of an active market, or other independent sources to validate fair value estimates coupled with the impact of future capital calls and transfer restrictions, is an inherent limitation in the valuation process. As the fair values of these investments are not readily determinable, they are not disclosed under a specific fair value hierarchy; however, they are reviewed quarterly for impairment. If we were to record an impairment adjustment related to these securities, it would be classified as a nonrecurring Level 3 fair value adjustment. During   2016   and   2015  , there were   no   impairments recorded on equity securities without readily determinable fair values. 
  Foreclosed assets  : Upon transfer from the loan portfolio, foreclosed assets (which are included in other assets) are adjusted to and subsequently carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Net realizable value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral, or management s estimation of the value of the collateral. Due to the inherent level of estimation in the valuation process, we classify foreclosed assets as nonrecurring Level 3. 
  The table below lists the quantitative fair value information related to foreclosed assets as of:                               
    September 30, 2016 
      Valuation Technique 
    Fair Value 
      
    Unobservable Input 
      
    Range 

Discount applied to collateral appraisal: 

Discounted appraisal value 
    $ 
    284 

Real Estate 
      
    20% - 30% 

December 31, 2015 
      Valuation Technique 
    Fair Value 
      
    Unobservable Input 
      
    Range 

Discount applied to collateral appraisal: 

Discounted appraisal value 
    $ 
    421 

Real Estate 
      
    20% - 30% 

Discount factors with ranges are based on the age of the independent appraisal, broker price opinion, or internal evaluations. 
  Goodwill and other intangible assets  :   Acquisition intangibles and goodwill are evaluated for potential impairment on at least an annual basis. Acquisition intangibles and goodwill are typically qualitatively evaluated to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying balance is impaired. If it is determined that the carrying balance of acquisition intangibles or goodwill is more likely than not to be impaired, we perform a cash flow valuation to determine the extent of the potential impairment. If the testing resulted in impairment, we would classify goodwill and other acquisition intangibles subjected to nonrecurring fair value adjustments as Level 3. During   2016   and   2015  , there were   no   impairments recorded on goodwill and other acquisition intangibles. 
  OMSR  :     OMSR   (which are included in other assets) are subject to impairment testing. To test for impairment, we utilize a discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates and prepayment speed assumptions currently quoted for comparable instruments and discount rates. If the valuation model reflects a value less than the carrying value,   OMSR   are adjusted to fair value through a valuation allowance as determined by the model. As such, we classify   OMSR   subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustments as Level 2. 
  Deposits  :   The fair value of demand, savings, and money market deposits are equal to their carrying amounts and are classified as Level 1. Fair values for variable rate certificates of deposit approximate their carrying value. Fair values for fixed rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. As such, fixed rate certificates of deposit are classified as Level 2. 
  Borrowed funds  :   The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased, borrowings under overnight repurchase agreements, and other   short-term   borrowings maturing within   ninety days   approximate their fair values. The fair values of other borrowed funds are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on current incremental borrowing arrangements. As such, borrowed funds are classified as Level 2. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

Accrued interest payable:    The carrying amounts of accrued interest payable approximate fair value. As such, we classify accrued interest payable as Level 1. 
  Derivative instruments:   Derivative instruments, consisting solely of interest rate swaps, are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.  Derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges, when highly effective, are reported at fair value in other assets or other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets with changes in value recorded in OCI.  Should the hedge no longer be considered effective, the ineffective portion of the change in fair value is recorded directly in earnings in the period in which the change occurs.  The fair value of a derivative is determined by quoted market prices and model based valuation techniques.  As such, we classify derivative instruments as Level 2. 
  Commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, and undisbursed loans:   Our commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, and undisbursed funds have no carrying amount and are estimated to have no realizable fair value. Historically, a majority of the unused commitments to extend credit have not been drawn upon and, generally, we do not receive fees in connection with these commitments other than standby letter of credit fees, which are not significant. 
  The preceding methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Although we believe our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement. 
  Estimated Fair Values of Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value in their Entirety on a Recurring Basis 
  Disclosure of the estimated fair values of financial instruments, which differ from carrying values, often requires the use of estimates. In cases where quoted market values in an active market are not available, we use present value techniques and other valuation methods to estimate the fair values of our financial instruments. These valuation methods require considerable judgment and the resulting estimates of fair value can be significantly affected by the assumptions made and methods used. 
  The carrying amount and estimated fair value of financial instruments not recorded at fair value in their entirety on a recurring basis were as follows as of:   

33 

     Table of Contents  

(1)   
    Due to the characteristics of equity securities without readily determinable fair values, they are not disclosed under a specific fair value hierarchy. If we were to record an impairment adjustment related to these securities, such amount would be classified as a nonrecurring Level 3 fair value adjustment. 
     Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value 
  The table below presents the recorded amount of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on:   

  We had   no   assets or liabilities recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through earnings, on a recurring basis, as of   September 30, 2016  .  Additionally, we had   no   assets or liabilities recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through earnings, on a nonrecurring basis, as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   34 

Table of Contents  

Note 12     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  The following table summarizes the changes in   AOCI   by component for the:   

Included in   OCI   for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are changes in unrealized holding gains and losses related to auction rate money market preferred and preferred stocks. For federal income tax purposes, these securities are considered equity investments. As such,   no   deferred federal income taxes related to unrealized holding gains or losses are expected or recorded. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of the components of unrealized holding gains on AFS securities included in   OCI   follows for the:   

36 

Table of Contents  

Note 13     Parent Company Only Financial Information 
  Interim Condensed Balance Sheets   

  Interim Condensed Statements of Income   

37 

     Table of Contents  

Interim Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   

Note 14     Operating Segments 
  Our reportable segments are based on legal entities that account for at least   10%   of net operating results. The operations of the Bank as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and each of the   three and nine   month periods then ended, represent approximately   90%   or more of our consolidated total assets and operating results. As such, no additional segment reporting is presented. 
  
   38 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  . 
   
  ISABELLA BANK CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW 
  (  Dollars in thousands   except per share amounts  ) 
  This section reviews our financial condition and results of our operations for the unaudited   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . This analysis should be read in conjunction with our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K and with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes, beginning on page 4 of this report. 
  Executive Summary 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we reported net income of   $3,593   and   $10,017   and earnings per common share of   $0.46   and   $1.28  , respectively.  Net income and earnings per common share for the same periods of 2015 were   $4,063    and   $11,834   and   $0.52   and   $1.52  , respectively.  While interest income for the first   nine   months of   2016   increased   $1,427   in comparison to the same period in   2015  , the decrease in net income and earnings per common share is due primarily to changes in the provision for loan losses.  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , an increase in gross loans of   $138,874  , offset by improvements in various credit quality indicators and net loan recoveries, resulted in a provision for loan losses in the amount of   $185  .  By contrast, during the first   nine   months of   2015  , a reduction in gross loans during the period of $235, coupled with significant improvements in various credit quality indicators, resulted in a reversal of the provision for loan losses in the amount of   $1,999  . 
  During the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  , total assets grew by   2.30%   to   $1,706,498  , and assets under management increased to   $2,406,108   which includes loans sold and serviced, and assets managed by our Investment and Trust Services Department of   $699,610  .  Total loans increased by   $138,874   from   December 31, 2015   which was largely driven by growth in the commercial portfolio.  During the third quarter of 2016, we began to participate in advances to mortgage brokers which contributed   $27,832   of the growth in the commercial loan portfolio.  Growth in our residential mortgage and consumer loan portfolios has been challenging; however, we have seen growth during the first nine months of 2016.  Our residential mortgage and consumer loan portfolios were   $260,122   and   $40,760   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   $251,501   and   $34,699   as of   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  We implemented new products, enhanced our marketing efforts and streamlined delivery channels for direct and indirect loans in an effort to generate growth by attracting new customers while expanding our relationships with current customers. 
  Our net yield on interest earning assets remains historically low at   3.00%   for the   nine month period ended September 30, 2016  .  The growth in net interest income will increase only through continued growth in a strategic mix of loans, investments, and other income earning assets. We do not anticipate that the Federal Reserve Bank will increase short term interest rates significantly in the remainder of   2016  ; therefore, we do not anticipate significant improvements in our net yield on interest earning assets in the short term.  We are committed to increasing earnings and shareholder value through growth in our loan portfolio, growth in our investment and trust services, and increasing our geographical presence while managing operating costs. 
  Reclassifications:   Certain amounts reported in the   2015   consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the   2016   presentation. 
  Restatements:   In this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  , certain prior period financial information has been restated due to an accounting correction.  All amounts in this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   affected by the restatement adjustments are reflected as the restated amounts.  For information related to the restatement, refer to our    Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   39 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
    
  The following table outlines our results of operations and provides certain performance measures as of, and for the three month periods ended:   

  * At end of period 
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

The following table outlines our results of operations and provides certain performance measures as of, and for the   nine   month periods ended:   
 * At end of period 
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

Average Balances, Interest Rate, and Net Interest Income 
  The following schedules present the daily average amount outstanding for each major category of interest earning assets, nonearning assets, interest bearing liabilities, and   noninterest   bearing liabilities. These schedules also present an analysis of interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated. All interest income is reported on a   FTE   basis using a   34%   federal income tax rate. Loans in   nonaccrual   status, for the purpose of the following computations, are included in the average loan balances.   FRB   and   FHLB   restricted equity holdings are included in accrued income and other assets.   

42 

     Table of Contents  

Net Interest Income 
  Net interest income is the amount by which interest income on earning assets exceeds the interest expenses on interest bearing liabilities. Net interest income is influenced by changes in the balance and mix of assets and liabilities and market interest rates. We exert some control over these factors; however,   FRB   monetary policy and competition have a significant impact. For analytical purposes, net interest income is adjusted to an   FTE   basis by adding the income tax savings from interest on tax exempt loans, and nontaxable investment securities, thus making year to year comparisons more meaningful. 
  
   43 

Table of Contents  

Volume and Rate Variance Analysis 
  The following table sets forth the effect of volume and rate changes on interest income and expense for the periods indicated. For the purpose of this table, changes in interest due to volume and rate were determined as follows: 
  Volume change in volume multiplied by the previous period's rate. 
  Rate change in the   FTE   rate multiplied by the previous period's volume. 
  The change in interest due to both volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.   

  Our net yield on interest earning assets remains at historically low levels as a result of the persistent low interest rate environment.  While we do not anticipate significant improvement in our net yield on interest earning assets, we do expect marginal improvement as a result of loan growth throughout 2016.   

44 

Table of Contents  

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
  The viability of any financial institution is ultimately determined by its management of credit risk. Loans represent our single largest concentration of risk. The   ALLL   is our estimation of incurred losses within the existing loan portfolio. We allocate the   ALLL   throughout the loan portfolio based on our assessment of the underlying risks associated with each loan segment. Our assessments include allocations based on specific impairment valuation allowances, historical   charge-off  s, internally assigned credit risk ratings, and past due and   nonaccrual   balances. A portion of the   ALLL   is not allocated to any one loan segment, but is instead a reflection of other qualitative risks that reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. 
  The following table summarizes our   charge-off  s, recoveries, provisions for loan losses, and ALLL balances as of, and for the:   

  The following table summarizes our charge-offs, recoveries, provisions for loan losses, and ALLL balances as of, and for the three month periods ended:   

  During 2015, net loan recoveries and continued improvement in credit quality indicators resulted in a reduction of the   ALLL   in both amount and as a percentage of loans.  While we have experienced significant loan growth during 2016, the level of   ALLL   as of   September 30, 2016   has not increased at the same rate.  We continue to experience improvements in various credit quality indicators, specifically historical loss factors which have led to lower levels of required reserves.  The addition of advances to mortgage brokers contributed to the overall decline in the level of ALLL to gross loans as there are no historical losses requiring reserves.  While these advances contribute to other qualitative factors, the impact is not significant on the required level of the ALLL.  Additionally, our recoveries continue to exceed our charge-offs which has increased the ALLL and led to lower provision for loan losses expense. 
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

The following table illustrates our changes within the two main components of the ALLL as of:   

  While more volatile, loans individually evaluated for impairment have been relatively flat in recent quarters.  The lower levels of loans collectively evaluated for impairment over the past year illustrates the downward trend we are experiencing in our overall level of ALLL to gross loans.  As we anticipate continued loan growth during 2016, the level of those collectively evaluated for impairment is expected to increase provided there are no significant increases to the level of loans individually evaluated for impairment. 
  For further discussion of the allocation of the   ALLL  , see    Note 5     Loans and ALLL    of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Loans Past Due and Loans in   Nonaccrual   Status 
  Fluctuations in past due and   nonaccrual   status loans can have a significant impact on the   ALLL  . To determine the potential impact, and corresponding estimated losses, we analyze our historical loss trends on loans past due greater than 30 days and   nonaccrual   status loans. We monitor all loans that are past due and in   nonaccrual   status for indications of additional deterioration.   

  While we experienced an increase in loans past due and nonaccrual during the third quarter, our level of past due and   nonaccrual   status loans remain low.  These levels are the result of strengthened loan performance throughout all loan segements.  A summary of loans past due and in   nonaccrual   status, including the composition of the ending balance of   nonaccrual   status loans by type, is included in    Note 5     Loans and ALLL    of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   46 

Table of Contents  

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  We have taken a proactive approach to avoid foreclosures on borrowers who are willing to work with us in modifying their loans, thus making them more affordable. While this approach has permitted certain borrowers to develop a payment structure that will allow them to continue making payments in lieu of foreclosure, it has contributed to a significant increase in the level of loans classified as   TDRs  . The modifications have been successful for us and our customers as very few of the modified loans have resulted in foreclosures. At the time of the   TDR  , the loan is reviewed to determine whether or not to classify the loan as accrual or   nonaccrual   status. The majority of new modifications result in terms that satisfy our criteria for continued interest accrual.   TDRs   that have been placed on   nonaccrual   status may be placed back on accrual status after   six months   of continued performance. 
  We restructure debt with borrowers who, due to temporary financial difficulties, are unable to service their debt under the original terms. We may extend the amortization period, reduce interest rates, forgive principal, forgive interest, or a combination of these modifications. Typically, the modifications are for a period of five years or less. There were no   TDRs   that were government sponsored as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
  Losses associated with   TDRs  , if any, are included in the estimation of the   ALLL   in the quarter in which a loan is identified as a   TDR  , and we review the analysis of the   ALLL   estimation each reporting period to ensure its continued appropriateness. 
  The following tables provide a   roll-forward   of   TDRs   for the:   

47 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our   TDRs   as of:   

  Additional disclosures about   TDRs   are included in    Note 5     Loans and ALLL    of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   48 

Table of Contents  

Impaired Loans 
  The following is a summary of information pertaining to impaired loans as of:   

  Additional disclosure related to impaired loans is included in    Note 5     Loans and ALLL    of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Nonperforming   Assets 
  The following table summarizes our   nonperforming   assets as of:   

  After a loan is 90 days past due, it is placed on   nonaccrual   status unless it is well secured and in the process of collection. Upon transferring the loans to   nonaccrual   status, we perform an evaluation to determine the net realizable value of the underlying collateral. This evaluation is used to help determine if any   charge-offs   are necessary. Loans may be placed back on accrual status after   six months   of continued performance. Total nonperforming loans continues to be at historic low levels. 
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

Included in the   nonaccrual   loan balances above were loans currently classified as   TDRs   as of:   

  Additional disclosures about   nonaccrual   status loans are included in    Note 5     Loans and ALLL    of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  We continue to devote considerable attention to identifying impaired loans and adjusting the net carrying value of these loans to their current net realizable values through the establishment of a specific reserve or the recording of a   charge-off  . We believe that we have identified all impaired loans as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  We believe that the level of the   ALLL   is appropriate as of   September 30, 2016  .  We will continue to closely monitor overall credit quality indicators and our policies and procedures related to the analysis of the   ALLL   to ensure that the   ALLL   remains at the appropriate level. 
   
  Noninterest   Income and   Noninterest   Expenses 
  Significant   noninterest   account balances are highlighted in the following table with additional descriptions of significant fluctuations:   

50 

     Table of Contents  

Significant changes in   noninterest   income are detailed below: 
             
    ATM and debit card fees   fluctuate from period-to-period based on usage of ATM and debit cards.  Income for the remainder of 2016 is expected to approximate 2015 levels. 
                
    NSF and overdraft fees   fluctuate from period-to-period based on customer activity as well as the number of business days in the period.  We anticipate NSF and overdraft fees in 2016 to approximate 2015 levels. 
                
    Offering rates on residential mortgage loans and increased prepayment speeds have been the most significant drivers behind fluctuations in net   OMSR   income (loss).  While mortgage rates are expected to approximate current levels in the foreseeable future, we anticipate increases in our originations in purchase money mortgage activity as a result of our various initiatives to drive growth.  As such, we anticipate net   OMSR   income (loss) to improve during the remainder of 2016 based on volume. 
                
    We are continually analyzing our AFS security portfolio for potential sale opportunities.  During the second quarter of 2016, we identified several mortgage-backed securities with unrealized gains that had less than desirable yields.  There were none identified during the third quarter; however, we may continue to sell AFS securities with low yields during the remainder of 2016. 
                
    We continue to invest considerable efforts to increase our market share in trust and brokerage advisory services. These efforts have translated into increases in trust fees and brokerage and advisory fees. We anticipate that these fees will continue to increase during the remainder of 2016 but not at the same rate as the third quarter. 
                
    The fluctuations in all other income is spread throughout various categories, none of which are individually significant. 
     
   51 

     Table of Contents  

Significant   noninterest   expense account balances are highlighted in the following table with additional descriptions of significant fluctuations:   

52 

     Table of Contents  

Significant changes in   noninterest   expenses are detailed below: 
             
    We acquired two branches in mid-2015 which resulted in increased expenses in 2016 for most of the categories presented above.  None of the increases are individually significant. 
                
    Employee benefits   were low in 2015 due to lower than anticipated medical coverage costs.  We anticipate expense to continue to increase slightly during the remainder of 2016. 
                
    Consulting fees   in 2016 increased as a result of outsourced operational functions related to our investment and trust services, consulting services to streamline processes, and talent recruitment services.  As such, fees in 2016 are expected to exceed 2015 levels. 
                
    The increase in loan underwriting fees is related to the increase in loan volume throughout 2016 and, such fees are expected to continue to increase during the remainder of 2016. 
     
   53 

     Table of Contents  

We have consistently been a strong supporter of the various communities, schools, and charities in the markets we serve.  Donations and community relations fluctuate from period-to-period with 2016 expenses expected to approximate 2015 levels. 
                
    The fluctuations in all other expenses are spread throughout various categories, none of which are individually significant. 
      
  Analysis of Changes in Financial Condition   

54 

     Table of Contents  

The following table outlines the changes in loans:   

  The following table displays loan balances as of:   

  While competition for commercial and agricultural loans continues to be strong, we experienced growth in these segments of the portfolio during 2016 and anticipate continued growth in the remainder of 2016.  During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into a participation agreement to provide advances to mortgage brokers which contributed   $27,832   of commercial loan growth as of September 30, 2016. Residential real estate and consumer loans continued to increase during the third quarter of 2016.  We anticipate continued growth in both portfolios during the remainder of 2016 as a result of initiatives designed to increase loan volume and the number of originations. 
  The following table outlines the changes in deposits:   

  The following table displays deposit balances as of:   

  Deposit growth during 2016 continues to be driven by noninterest bearing demand deposits and brokered certificates of deposit.  We continue to see a gradual decline in certificates of deposits and interest bearing deposit accounts.  Growth is anticipated to continue to come in the form of non-contractual deposits, while certificates of deposit are expected to continue to decline. 
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

Our strong loan growth in 2016, coupled with softer deposit growth, led to sales of AFS securities during the year.       Additionally, we have slowed our purchases of mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations in response to loan growth. We remain active in investments with our local schools and municipalities; therefore, future growth is anticipated in state and political subdivisions AFS securities.  The following table displays fair values of AFS securities as of:   

  The following table displays borrowed funds balances as of:   

Capital 
  Capital consists solely of common stock, retained earnings, and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We are authorized to raise capital through dividend reinvestment, employee and director stock purchases, and shareholder stock purchases. Pursuant to these authorizations, we issued   131,697   shares or   $3,683   of common stock during the first   nine   months of   2016  , as compared to   142,388   shares or   $3,310   of common stock during the same period in   2015  . We also offer the Directors Plan in which participants either directly purchase stock or purchase stock units through deferred fees, in lieu of cash payments. Pursuant to this plan, we increased shareholders  equity by   $443   and   $425   during the   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  We have approved a publicly announced common stock repurchase plan. Pursuant to this plan, we repurchased   98,083   shares or   $2,749   of common stock compared to   153,329   shares for   $3,588   during the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were authorized to repurchase up to an additional   60,575   shares of common stock. 
  The   FRB   has established minimum risk based capital guidelines. Pursuant to these guidelines, a framework has been established that assigns risk weights to each category of on and off-balance-sheet items to arrive at risk adjusted total assets. Regulatory capital is divided by the risk adjusted assets with the resulting ratio compared to the minimum standard to determine whether a corporation has adequate capital. On July 2, 2013, the FRB published revised BASEL III Capital standards for banks.  The final rules redefine what is included or deducted from equity capital, changes risk weighting for certain on and off-balance sheet assets, increases the minimum required equity capital to be considered well capitalized, and introduces a capital cushion buffer. The rules, which are being gradually phased in between 2015 and 2019, are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation but will require us to hold more capital than we have historically.   
  There are no significant regulatory constraints placed on our capital. The   FRB   s current recommended minimum primary capital to assets requirement is   6.00%  . Our primary capital to adjusted average assets, or tier 1 leverage ratio, was   8.59%   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   56 

     Table of Contents  

Effective January 1, 2015, the minimum standard for primary, or tier 1, capital increased from 4.00% to   6.00%  .  The minimum standard for total capital remains at   8.00%  .  Also effective January 1, 2015 is the new common equity tier 1 capital ratio which has a minimum requirement of 4.50%.  The following table sets forth the percentages required under the Risk Based Capital guidelines and our values as of:   

  Tier 2 capital, or secondary capital, includes only the   ALLL  . The percentage for the secondary capital under the required column is the maximum amount allowed from all sources. 
  The   FRB   and   FDIC   also prescribe minimum capital requirements for Isabella Bank. At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank exceeded these minimum capital requirements. 
   
  Contractual Obligations and Loan Commitments    
  We are party to credit related financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk. These financial instruments are entered into in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. The contract or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in a particular class of financial instrument. 
  The following table summarizes our credit related financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk as of:   

  Unfunded commitments under lines of credit are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. These commitments may expire without being drawn upon and do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  Advances to mortgage brokers are also included in unfunded commitments under lines of credit.  The balance is the difference between our outstanding balances and the maximum outstanding aggregate amount. 
  Commitments to grant loans are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Commitments to grant loans include residential mortgage loans with the majority being loans committed to be sold to the secondary market. 
  Commercial and standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. These commitments to extend credit and letters of credit generally mature within one year. The credit risk involved in these transactions is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. We evaluate each customer's credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon the extension of credit, is based on a credit evaluation of the borrower. While we consider standby letters of credit to be guarantees, the amount of the liability related to such guarantees on the commitment date is not significant and a liability related to such guarantees is not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. 
  Our exposure to credit-related loss in the event of nonperformance by the counter parties to the financial instruments for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit could be up to the contractual notional amount of those instruments. We use the same credit policies as we do for extending loans to customers. No significant losses are anticipated as a result of these commitments. 
  
   57 

Table of Contents  

Fair Value 
  We utilize fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures.   AFS   securities, cash flow hedge derivative instruments and certain liabilities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from   time-to-time  , we may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as mortgage loans   AFS  , foreclosed assets,   OMSR  , and certain other assets and liabilities. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve the application of lower of cost or market accounting or   write-downs   of individual assets. 
  For further information regarding fair value measurements see    Note 11     Fair Value    of our notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Liquidity 
  Liquidity is monitored regularly by our Market Risk Committee, which consists of members of senior management. The committee reviews projected cash flows, key ratios, and liquidity available from both primary and secondary sources. 
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and   AFS   securities. These categories totaled   $585,564   or   34.31%   of assets as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $681,705   or   40.87%   as of   December 31, 2015  .  The decline in primary liquidity is a direct result of our sale of   AFS   securities during 2016.  Liquidity is important for financial institutions because of their need to meet loan funding commitments, depositor withdrawal requests, and various other commitments including expansion of operations, investment opportunities, and payment of cash dividends. Liquidity varies significantly daily, based on customer activity. 
  Our primary source of funds is through deposit accounts. We also have the ability to borrow from the   FHLB  , the   FRB  , and through various correspondent banks in the form of federal funds purchased and a line of credit. These funding methods typically carry a higher interest rate than traditional market deposit accounts. Some borrowed funds, including   FHLB   advances,   FRB   Discount Window advances, and repurchase agreements, require us to pledge assets, typically in the form of   AFS securities   or loans, as collateral. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had available lines of credit of   $15,173  . 
  The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for the   nine   month period ended   September 30  :   

Market Risk    
  Our primary market risks are interest rate risk and liquidity risk. We have no significant foreign exchange risk in the management of   IRR  .  Any changes in foreign exchange rates or commodity prices would have an insignificant impact on our interest income and cash flows. 
  IRR   is the exposure of our net interest income to changes in interest rates.   IRR   results from the difference in the maturity or repricing frequency of a financial institution's interest earning assets and its interest bearing liabilities.   IRR   is the fundamental method by which financial institutions earn income and create shareholder value. Excessive exposure to   IRR   could pose a significant risk to our earnings and capital. 
  The   FRB   has adopted a policy requiring us to effectively manage the various risks that can have a material impact on our safety and soundness. The risks include credit, interest rate, liquidity, operational, and reputational. We have policies, procedures, and internal controls for measuring and managing these risks. Specifically, our Funds Management policy and procedures include defining acceptable types and terms of investments and funding sources, liquidity requirements, limits on investments in long term assets, limiting the mismatch in repricing opportunity of assets and liabilities, and the frequency of measuring and reporting to our Board. 
  The primary technique to measure   IRR   is simulation analysis. Simulation analysis forecasts the effects on the balance sheet structure and net interest income under a variety of scenarios that incorporate changes in interest rates, the shape of yield curves, interest rate relationships, loan prepayments, and changes in funding sources. These forecasts are compared against net  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

interest income projected in a stable interest rate environment. While many assets and liabilities reprice either at maturity or in accordance with their contractual terms, several balance sheet components demonstrate characteristics that require an evaluation to more accurately reflect their repricing behavior. Key assumptions in the simulation analysis include prepayments on loans, probable calls of investment securities, changes in market conditions, loan volumes and loan pricing, deposit sensitivity, and customer preferences. These assumptions are inherently uncertain as they are subject to fluctuation and revision in a dynamic environment. As a result, the simulation analysis cannot precisely forecast the impact of rising and falling interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to many other factors, including changes in balance sheet components, interest rate changes, changes in market conditions, and management strategies. 
  Our interest rate sensitivity is estimated by first forecasting the next 12 and 24 months of net interest income under an assumed environment of a constant balance sheet and constant market interest rates (base case). We then compare the results of various simulation analyses to the base case. At   September 30, 2016  , we projected the change in net interest income during the next 12 and 24 months assuming market interest rates were to immediately decrease by 100 basis points and increase by 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points in a parallel fashion over the entire yield curve during the same time period. We did not project scenarios showing decreases in interest rates beyond 100 basis points as this is considered extremely unlikely given current interest rate levels. These projections were based on our assets and liabilities remaining static over the next 12 and 24 months, while factoring in probable calls and prepayments of certain investment securities and residential real estate and consumer loans. While it is extremely unlikely that interest rates would immediately increase to these levels, we feel that these extreme scenarios help us identify potential gaps and mismatches in the repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities. We regularly monitor our projected net interest income sensitivity to ensure that it remains within established limits. 
  The following tables summarize our interest rate sensitivity for the next 12 and 24 months as of:    

The following tables provide information about assets and liabilities that are sensitive to changes in interest rates as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The principal amounts of investments, loans, other interest earning assets, borrowings, and time deposits maturing were calculated based on the contractual maturity dates. Estimated cash flows for savings and   NOW   accounts are based on our estimated deposit decay rates. 
  
   59 

     Table of Contents  

(1)    The fair value reported is exclusive of the allocation of the   ALLL  . 
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

We do not believe that there has been a material change in the nature or categories of our primary market risk exposure, or the particular markets that present the primary risk of loss. As of the date of this report, we do not know of or expect there to be any material change in the general nature of our primary market risk exposure in the near term and we do not expect to make material changes in those methods in the near term. We may change those methods in the future to adapt to changes in circumstances or to implement new techniques. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
  The information presented in the section captioned    Market Risk    in   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the   Exchange Act  ) as of   September 30, 2016  , pursuant to   Exchange Act   Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the   Exchange Act   are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in   SEC   rules and forms. 
  CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
  During the most recent fiscal quarter, no change occurred in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or is likely to materially effect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

61 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  We are not involved in any material legal proceedings. We are involved in ordinary, routine litigation incidental to our business; however, no such routine proceedings are expected to result in any material adverse effect on operations, earnings, financial condition, or cash flows. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A in our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
           (A) 
    None 
              (B) 
    None 
              (C) 
    Repurchases of Common Stock 
     We have adopted and publicly announced a common stock repurchase plan. The plan was last amended on   September 23, 2015  , to allow for the repurchase of an additional   200,000   shares of common stock after that date. These authorizations do not have expiration dates. As common shares are repurchased under this plan, they are retired and revert back to the status of authorized, but unissued common shares. 
  The following table provides information for the   three month period ended September 30, 2016  , with respect to this plan:   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information. 
  Not applicable. 
  
   62 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits. 
  (a) Exhibits                   Exhibit Number 
      
    Exhibits 

31(a) 
      
    Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Principal Executive Officer 

31(b) 
      
    Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Principal Financial Officer 

32 
      
    Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

101.1* 
      
    101.INS (XBRL Instance Document) 

101.SCH (XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document) 

101.CAL (XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document) 

101.LAB (XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document) 

101.DEF (XBRL Taxonomy Linkbase Document) 

101.PRE (XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document) 

* 
    In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulations S-T, the XBRL related information shall not be deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be part of any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

63 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities   Exchange Act   of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                         
      
    Isabella Bank Corporation 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 

/s/ Jae A. Evans 

Jae A. Evans 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 

/s/ Dennis P. Angner 

Dennis P. Angner 

President, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) 

64 

<EX-31.A>
 2
 isba_20160930xex31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31(a) 
  I,   Jae A. Evans  , certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   of Isabella Bank Corporation (the  registrant ). 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this   Quarterly Report   does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this   Quarterly Report  . 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this   Quarterly Report  , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this   Quarterly Report  . 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this   Quarterly Report   is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jae A. Evans 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 isba_20160930xex31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31(b) 
  I,   Dennis P. Angner  , certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   of Isabella Bank Corporation (the  registrant ). 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this   Quarterly Report   does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this   Quarterly Report  . 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this   Quarterly Report  , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this   Quarterly Report  . 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this   Quarterly Report   is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date:  
    November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ Dennis P. Angner 

President, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 4
 isba_20160930xex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the   Quarterly Report   of Isabella Bank Corporation (the  Corporation ) on Form   10-Q   for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),   Jae A. Evans  , Chief Executive Officer and   Dennis P. Angner  , Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
                  /s/ Jae A. Evans                     
      Chief Executive Officer 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 
      November 9, 2016 
        
      /s/ Dennis P. Angner              
      President, Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) 
      November 9, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 isba-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 isba-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 isba-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 isba-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 isba-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 isba-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

