<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161207_10-Q_edgar_data_1281922_0001558370-16-010433_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10801708</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>255528</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>335012</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3707258</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3736913</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1870911</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-010433.hdr.sgml : 20161207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161207160641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-010433
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Triangle Petroleum Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001281922
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				980430762
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34945
		FILM NUMBER:		162039157

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-260-7125

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Triangle Petroleum CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050525

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PELOTON RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-010433.txt : 20161207

10-Q
 1
 tpc-20161031x10q.htm
 10-Q

tpc_20161031_Q3_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One)  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  

ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  

ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission file number 001-34945 

TRIANGLE PETROLEUM CORPORATION 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware  

98-0430762  

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
					 
						 Incorporation or Organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
					 
						 Identification No.)  

1200 17  th   Street, Suite 2500 

Denver, CO 80202 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(303) 260-7125 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes        No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company      

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

Yes         No   

As of December 1, 2016, there were 76,552,172 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TRIANGLE PETROLEUM C  ORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016 

April   

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    

1 

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

2 

ITEM 1.   

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   

2 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

2 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

4 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

6 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)   

8 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

9 

ITEM 2.   

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

25 

ITEM 3.   

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

31 

ITEM 4.   

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

31 

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION    

32 

ITEM 1.   

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

32 

ITEM 1A.   

RISK FACTORS   

32 

ITEM 2.   

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

33 

ITEM 3.   

DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

33 

ITEM 4.   

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

33 

ITEM 5.   

OTHER INFORMATION   

33 

ITEM 6.   

EXHIBITS   

34 

SIGNATURES    

36 

i 

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain statements contained in this report and other materials we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), or in other written or oral statements made or to be made by us, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations or forecasts of future events. Words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   predicts,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,   could,   would,   will,   may,   can,   continue,   potential,   likely,   should,  and the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, often identify forward-looking statements. Statements in this quarterly report that are not statements of historical facts are hereby identified as forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). 

These     forward  -looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

results of evaluation and implementation of strategic alternatives;     

future capital expenditures and performance;     

future operating results;     

future commodity prices;     

future ability to borrow or repay indebtedness;     

relationships with partners; and     

plans for our subsidiaries.     

Actual results or developments may be different than we anticipate or may have unanticipated consequences to, or effects on, us or our business or operations. All of the forward-looking statements made in this report are qualified by the discussion of risks and uncertainties under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016, in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and in our other public filings with the SEC. Although the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and expectations, undue reliance should not be placed on any such forward-looking statements due to the risks and uncertainties noted above and because such statements speak only as of the date hereof. Except as required by federal and state securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this report and in our future reports filed with the SEC. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this report may not occur. 

1 

Table of Contents  

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)  . 

Triangle Petroleum Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet  s (Unaudited) 

(In thousands, except share data) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Table of Contents  

Triangle Petroleum Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 

(In thousands, except share data) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

Triangle Petroleum Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Triangle Petroleum Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (Continued) 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

Triangle Petroleum Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   (Unaudited) 

(In thousands) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Triangle Petroleum Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (Continued) 

(In thousands) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

Triangle Petroleum Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) (Unaudited) 

(In thousands, except share data) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES. 

Description of Business  .   Triangle Petroleum Corporation ( Triangle,  the  Company,   we,   us,   our,  or  ours ) is an independent energy company with a strategic focus in the Williston Basin. 

Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Triangle USA Petroleum Corporation ( TUSA ), holds leasehold interests and conducts exploration and production operations in the Williston Basin of North Dakota and Montana, with its core focus area predominantly located in McKenzie and Williams Counties, North Dakota, and eastern Roosevelt and Sheridan Counties, Montana. See below for information regarding TUSA s voluntary petition for bankruptcy relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code. 

RockPile Energy Services, LLC ( RockPile ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, provides oilfield and complementary well completion services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies predominantly in the Williston and Permian Basins. On September 8, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of RockPile s assets and related liabilities   (the  RockPile Sale ) for a base purchase price of $58.0 million in cash, which was used to settle RockPile s debt obligations.   RockPile s results of operations have been aggregated in  Income (loss) from discontinued operations  in our condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. See Note 3 - Discontinued Operations for additional information. 

Caliber Midstream Partners, L.P. ( Caliber ), an unconsolidated joint venture with First Reserve Energy Infrastructure Fund, provides oil, natural gas and water transportation and related services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in the Williston Basin. 

Ranger Fabrication, LLC ( Ranger ) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Triangle that previously fabricated certain well equipment. Ranger s activities, which were immaterial, were mostly with Caliber and TUSA, and all intercompany transactions were eliminated in consolidation. Ranger ceased operations on January 31, 2016.   

Unless otherwise noted, amounts and disclosures throughout these notes to condensed consolidated financial statements relate to our continuing operations.  

Liquidity and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.   The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As such, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets and their carrying amounts, or the amount and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Chapter 11 Filings and the RockPile Sale discussed in Note 2 and Note 3, respectively, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Triangle has engaged certain professional advisors to assist it in the process of analyzing various strategic alternatives to address our liquidity and capital structure, including: (i) obtaining additional sources of capital from asset sales, issuances of debt or equity securities, debt for equity swaps, or any combination thereof; and (ii) pursuing in- and out-of-court restructuring transactions. In connection with a debt restructuring or refinancing, we may seek to convert a significant portion of our outstanding debt to equity. In addition, we may seek to reduce our cash interest cost and extend debt maturity dates by negotiating the exchange of outstanding debt for new debt with modified terms or other measures. While we anticipate engaging in active dialogue with our creditors, at this time we are unable to predict the outcome of such discussions, the outcome of any strategic transactions that we may pursue or whether any such efforts will be successful. 

As a result of the above, substantial doubt exists regarding the ability of Triangle to continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

Basis of Presentation.   These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), and are expressed in U.S. dollars. Preparation in accordance with GAAP requires us to (i) adopt accounting policies within accounting rules set by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) and by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ),   

9 

Table of Contents  

and (ii) make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and other disclosed amounts.  

Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in our annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to SEC rules and regulations. We believe the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading. We recommend that these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC ( Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K ). In the opinion of management, all material adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s interim results have been reflected. All such adjustments are considered to be of a normal recurring nature. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of annual results. 

No condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) is presented because the Company had no comprehensive income or loss activity in the periods presented  . 

Use of Estimates.   In the course of preparing its condensed consolidated financial statements, management makes various assumptions, judgments, and estimates to determine the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, and in the disclosures of commitments and contingencies. Changes in these assumptions, judgments and estimates will occur as a result of the passage of time and the occurrence of future events and, accordingly, actual results could differ from amounts initially established. Significant areas requiring the use of assumptions, judgments and estimates include (i) oil and natural gas reserves; (ii) cash flow estimates used in ceiling tests of oil and natural gas properties; (iii) depreciation and amortization; (iv) impairment of unproved properties, investment in equity method investees and other assets; (v) assigning fair value and allocating purchase price in connection with business combinations; (vi) accrued revenue and related receivables; (vii) valuation of commodity derivative instruments and equity derivative instruments; (viii) accrued expenses and related liabilities; (ix) valuation of share-based payments and (x) income taxes. Although management believes these estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates. The Company has evaluated subsequent events and transactions for matters that may require recognition or disclosure in these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Principles of Consolidation.   The accounts of Triangle and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. All significant intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. Triangle generally uses the equity method of accounting for investments in entities in which Triangle has an ownership between 20% and 50% and exercises significant influence. The investment in Caliber is accounted for utilizing the equity method of accounting. Triangle deconsolidated TUSA as of June, 29, 2016 with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing and will account for its investment in TUSA under the cost method of accounting. 

Oil and Natural Gas Properties.   We use the full cost method of accounting, which involves capitalizing all acquisition, exploration, exploitation and development costs of oil and natural gas properties. Once we incur costs, they are recorded in the amortizable pool of proved properties or in unproved properties, collectively, the full cost pool. We review our unproved oil and natural gas property costs on a quarterly basis to assess for impairment or the need to transfer unproved costs to proved properties as a result of extensions or discoveries from drilling operations. 

At the end of each quarterly period, we must compute a limitation on capitalized costs, which is equal to the sum of the present value of estimated future net revenues from our proved reserves by applying the average price as prescribed by the SEC (unweighted arithmetic average of commodity prices in effect on the first day of each of the previous twelve months), less estimated future expenditures (based on current costs) to develop and produce the proved reserves, discounted at 10%, plus the cost of properties not being amortized and the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproved properties included in the costs being amortized, net of income tax effects. We then conduct a  ceiling test  that compares the net book value of the full cost pool, after taxes, to the full cost ceiling limitation. In the event the full cost ceiling limitation is less than the full cost pool, we are required to record an impairment of our oil and natural gas properties.  

Prior to our deconsolidation of TUSA, we recognized impairments to our proved oil and natural gas properties of $104.0 million for the nine month period ended October 31, 2016, primarily due to the decline in oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. Impairment charges do not affect cash flow from operating activities but do adversely affect our net income and stockholders  equity. Any recorded impairment of oil and natural gas properties is not reversible at a later date. 

10 

Table of Contents  

Other Property and Equipment  .     Other property and equipment consisted of the following as of: 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  .   Long lived assets such as property and equipment and identifiable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined using various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. An impairment loss of $2.7 million was recorded in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 related to the potential sale of RockPile. 

Income Taxes.   The Company computes its quarterly tax provision using the effective tax rate method based on applying the anticipated annual effective rate to its year-to-date income or loss, except for discrete items. Income tax on discrete items is computed and recorded in the period in which the specific transaction occurs.  

The carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties exceeded the calculated value of the ceiling limitation resulting in an impairment of $779.0 million for fiscal year 2016. This impairment resulted in Triangle having three years of cumulative historical pre-tax losses and a net deferred tax asset position. Triangle also had net operating loss carryovers ( NOLs ) for federal income tax purposes of $286.0 million at January 31, 2016. These losses and expected future losses resulting from the current low commodity price environment were a key consideration that led Triangle to provide a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as of October 31, 2016, since it cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will be fully realized in future periods. 

The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. At each reporting period, management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, available taxes in carryback periods, tax planning strategies and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. Future events or new evidence which may lead the Company to conclude that it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will be realized include, but are not limited to, cumulative historical pre-tax earnings, sustained or continued improvements in oil prices, and taxable events that could result from one or more transactions. The Company will continue to evaluate whether the valuation allowance is needed in future reporting periods. 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 the Company recorded the benefit of reversing its net deferred tax liability. As long as the Company concludes that it will continue to have a need for a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets, the Company likely will not have any additional income tax expense or benefit other than for federal alternative minimum tax expense or for state income taxes. 

As of October 31, 2016, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. The Company s management does not believe that there are any new items or changes in facts or judgments that should impact the Company s position during the first nine months of fiscal year 2017. 

Earnings per Share.   Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per common share reflects increases in average shares outstanding from the potential dilution, under the treasury stock method, that could occur upon (i) exercise of stock options, (ii) vesting of restricted stock units, and (iii) conversion   

11 

Table of Contents  

of convertible debt. The treasury stock method assumes exercise, vesting or conversion at the beginning of a period for securities outstanding at the end of a period. Also, the treasury stock method for calculating dilution assumes that the increase in the number of shares is reduced by the number of shares which could have been repurchased by the Company at the quarter s average stock price using assumed proceeds from (a) the exercise cost of the options and (b) the foregone future compensation expense of hypothetical early vesting of the outstanding restricted stock units. The assumed proceeds are adjusted for income tax effects. In the event of a net loss, no potential common shares are included in the calculation of shares outstanding, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

The following table details the weighted average dilutive and anti-dilutive securities, which consist of options and unvested restricted stock, for the periods presented  : 

The table below sets forth the computations of net income (loss) per common share (basic and diluted) for the periods presented: 

Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements.     In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-0  9,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (   ASU 2014 09 ). The objective of ASU 2014-09 is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2014-09 was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016; however, in August 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14  ,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date   (   ASU 2015-14 ), which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014 09 for one year. ASU 2015-14 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The standards permit retrospective application using either of the following methodologies: (i) restatement of each prior reporting period presented or (ii) recognition of a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2014 09 and ASU 2015-14, including the transition method to be applied, however the standards are not expected to have a significant effect on its condensed consolidated financial statements  . 

In   February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,   Leases   ( ASU 2016-02 ). The guidance requires that lessees will be required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 also will require disclosures designed to give financial statement users information on the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.   

12 

Table of Contents  

These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative information. For public companies, the standard will take effect for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018 with earlier application permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its financial position and results of operations  . 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09  ,   Improvements To Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting     ( ASU 2016-09 ).  The objective of ASU 2016-09 is to simplify several aspects of accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and the classification in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016.  Certain parts of ASU 2016-09 must be applied prospectively, while other portions may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is still evaluating the impact of ASU 2016 09 on its financial and results of operations. 

Reclassifications  .     Certain prior period balances in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets and unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation, including the presentation of RockPile as discontinued operations. Such reclassifications had no impact on net income, cash flows or shareholders  equity previously reporte  d. 

2.  CHAPTER 11 FILINGS BY CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES. 

On June 29, 2016, TUSA and Ranger, each a wholly-owned subsidiary of Triangle, and TUSA s and Ranger s respective wholly-owned subsidiaries (TUSA and Ranger, together with their wholly-owned subsidiaries, collectively, the  Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court,  and the cases commenced thereby, the  Chapter 11 Filings  or the  Chapter 11 Cases ). The Chapter 11 Cases are being jointly administered for procedural purposes only under the caption In re Triangle USA Petroleum Corporation et al., Case No. 16-11566.  The Debtors have remained in possession of their property and continue to operate their businesses as "debtors in-possession" under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. The normal day-to-day operations of TUSA have continued without material interruption. Triangle and its subsidiaries, other than the Debtors, did not file voluntary petitions for relief and are not debtors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and, consequently, continue to operate their business in the ordinary course. 

The Chapter 11 Filings constituted an event of default that accelerated the obligations under TUSA s credit facility and TUSA s 6.75% Senior Notes due 2022 (the  TUSA 6.75% Notes ) (collectively, the  TUSA Debt Documents ). Any efforts to enforce such payments are automatically stayed as a result of the Chapter 11 Filings, and the holders  rights of enforcement in respect of the TUSA Debt Documents are subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. Triangle has not guaranteed TUSA s obligations under the TUSA credit facility or the TUSA 6.75% Notes. 

On June 29, 2016, the Debtors and certain holders representing approximately 73% of the outstanding principal amount of the TUSA 6.75% Notes entered into a Plan Support Agreement (the  Plan ). On August 1, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court denied the Debtors  request to assume the Plan. The Bankruptcy Court s failure to enter an order authorizing the assumption of the Plan rendered it ineffective and also set the Debtor s interim order authorizing the Debtors to use cash collateral for expiration unless a new agreement was approved. Subsequently, the Debtors agreed with the administrative agent and lenders under TUSA s credit facility (collectively the  RBL Credit Parties ) on revised terms and conditions for the use of cash collateral. On September 12, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court issued a final order authorizing the Debtors to use cash collateral pursuant to the revised terms and conditions. 

On November 15, 2016, the Debtors filed their  Plan of Reorganization  and the  Disclosure Statement  related thereto. The Bankruptcy Court will hold a hearing to consider approval of the Disclosure Statement at a later date. With the support of the RBL Credit Parties and certain holders representing approximately 81% of the outstanding principal amount of the TUSA 6.75% Notes, the Plan of Reorganization sets forth a plan substantially comparable to that described in the Plan, including (a) the payment in full in cash of the revolving credit facility, (b) the conversion of the TUSA 6.75% Notes into 100% of the equity of reorganized TUSA, subject to dilution by other unsecured creditors, and (c) obtaining new capital in the form of a new or amended revolving credit facility and a new money rights offering. The Plan of Reorganization does not provide for any recovery to the Company on account of its equity interest in TUSA. The Plan of Reorganization will be revised with amendments and supplements, and there is no guarantee that the Debtors will be   

13 

Table of Contents  

successful in negotiating and consummating any such transactions or otherwise predicting with certainty the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases and the treatment of creditors and interest holders therein. 

On November 22, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Debtors  motion to extend the Debtors  exclusive period to file a Chapter 11 plan and to solicit votes to approve the Chapter 11 plan by 80 days. The Debtors  exclusive period to file a Chapter 11 plan now expires January 15, 2017, and the exclusive period to solicit votes to approve the Chapter 11 plan now expires on March 16, 2017, unless further relief is sought and obtained. 

Accounting Impact.    In conjunction with the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, we evaluated whether we should continue to consolidate TUSA and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. In performing this analysis, we concluded that the activities that most significantly impact TUSA's economic performance are (i) the financing and restructuring of the pre-petition obligations of the Debtors and (ii) the management of TUSA s exploration and production operations. The activities associated with the financing and restructuring of TUSA's pre-petition obligations are ultimately subject to confirmation of a plan of reorganization by the Bankruptcy Court. Furthermore, while we continue to manage the ordinary course exploration and production operations of TUSA, the Bankruptcy Court would generally have to approve decisions that are outside the normal course of business. 

Therefore, despite our continued 100% ownership of TUSA, we concluded that, as a result of the Chapter 11 Filings, we do not have the ability to make decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of TUSA. As such, based on the applicable accounting guidance, we no longer have a controlling financial interest in TUSA as of June 29, 2016. Accordingly, we have deconsolidated TUSA and Ranger and their consolidated subsidiaries from our condensed consolidated financial statements as of the date of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases. 

In order to deconsolidate TUSA and its consolidated subsidiaries, the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of TUSA and its consolidated subsidiaries were removed from our consolidated balance sheets as of June 29, 2016. Accordingly, we recorded our investment in TUSA at its estimated fair value of $3.9 million as of June 29, 2016. We determined the fair value of our investment, which includes certain TUSA 6.75% Notes held by Triangle, using assumptions that reflect our best estimate of market participants' considerations based on the facts and circumstances relevant to our investment at that time. Such valuation was determined as of June 29, 2016 and should not be relied on for a determination of value at any other period in time given, among other things, significant variability in commodity prices underlying the valuation analysis. 

Our estimate of the fair value of Triangle s equity in TUSA was determined using an income approach and a market approach. The income approach estimates the value of an asset or business by calculating the present value of expected future cash flows using a market participant's expected weighted average cost of capital (discount rate). TUSA s estimated future operating results were based on the risk-adjusted estimated net cash flows resulting from TUSA s proven, probable and possible oil and natural gas reserves. The market approach estimates the value of an asset or business corroborated by market information from comparable public companies. To complete the fair value of Triangle's equity in TUSA, we then subtracted the net debt (debt less cash on hand) of TUSA from the value of the business.   

After considering the estimated fair values of TUSA s future cash flows and debt, there was not sufficient value to repay TUSA's outstanding unsecured debt obligations as they become due; therefore, we believe that it is a reasonable assumption that a market participant would not assign any residual value to the equity of TUSA, particularly considering the inherent uncertainty in value resulting from the Chapter 11 Cases. Accordingly, we have reflected our investment in TUSA at its estimated fair value of $3.9 million as of June 29, 2016 and recorded a gain on deconsolidation of $299.7 million, which reflects the difference between (i) the estimated fair value of our retained 100% non-controlling investment in TUSA at the date of deconsolidation, (ii) the estimated fair value of the expected equity interest resulting from the TUSA 6.75% Notes held by Triangle with a par value of $8.2 million, and (iii) the carrying amount of TUSA's consolidated assets and liabilities.   

Subsequent to the deconsolidation of TUSA, we are accounting for our investment in TUSA using the cost method of accounting because Triangle does not exercise significant influence over the operations of TUSA due to the Chapter 11 Filings.   

14 

Table of Contents  

3.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS.  

On September 8, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of RockPile s (our Oilfield Services segment) assets and related liabilities   for a base purchase price of $58.0 million in cash, subject to an escrow holdback for indemnification claims and post-closing working capital adjustments  .    The cash proceeds from the sale not subject to holdback or the wind-down budget were paid directly to RockPile s secured lenders in satisfaction of RockPile s credit facility. Triangle received no proceeds from the sale related to its membership interest in RockPile. RockPile retained a portion of the proceeds from the sale, to the extent necessary, to pay liabilities of RockPile in accordance with an agreed upon wind-down budget, with the secured lenders retaining a residual right to receive any remaining funds following the wind-down. As a result of the RockPile Sale, we recognized a gain from disposal of oilfield services operations of $50.8 million, net of income taxes, in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine-month periods ended October 31, 2016. 

The following table presents the carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities associated with our discontinued operations in our accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The loss from oilfield services operations in our accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations is comprised of the following: 

15 

Table of Contents  

4.  SEGMENT REPORTING. 

Following the sale of RockPile (our Oilfield Services segment) and the Chapter 11 filing by TUSA (our Exploration and Production segment), our remaining operations are included in our Corporate and Other segment.  

Management evaluates the performance of our segments based upon net income (loss) before income taxes. No segment information is provided for the three months ended October 31, 2016 due to the deconsolidation of TUSA on June 29, 2016 and the discontinuation of our Oilfield Services segment during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. The following tables present selected financial information for the continuing operations of our operating segments for the three months ended October 31, 2015 and nine months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

16 

Table of Contents  

(1)  Triangle deconsolidated TUSA as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 filing, and TUSA s results are only included through that date. 

(2)  Triangle deconsolidated Ranger as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of Ranger s Chapter 11 filing, and Ranger s results are only included through that date. 

17 

Table of Contents  

5.  LONG-TERM DEBT. 

T  he Company s long-term debt consisted of the following as of January 31, 2016 and October 31, 2016: 

(1)  Triangle   deconsolidated TUSA as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 filing. 

Convertible Note.   On July 31, 2012, the Company issued a 5% convertible note with an initial principal amount of $120.0 million (the  Convertible Note ) that is convertible in whole or in part into the Company s common stock at a conversion rate of one share per $8.00 of outstanding balance.  The Convertible Note accrues interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum, compounded quarterly, on each December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30, and on the date of any redemption, conversion or exchange of the Convertible Note. Such interest is paid-in-kind by adding to the principal balance of the Convertible Note, provided that, after September 30, 2017, the Company has the option to make such interest payments in cash. As of October 31, 2016, $28.2 million of accrued interest has been added to the principal balance of the Convertible Note. 

The Convertible Note does not have a stated maturity. Following July 31, 2017, if the trading price of the Company s common stock exceeds $11.00 per share for 20 consecutive trading days and certain trading volume requirements are met, the Company can elect to redeem all (but not less than all) of the Convertible Note at a price equal to the outstanding principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, payable, at the Company s option, in cash or common stock. Following July 31, 2020, the Company can elect to redeem all (but not less than all) of the Convertible Note at a price equal to the outstanding principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, payable in cash. Further, following July 31, 2022, a change of control of the Company, or certain other fundamental changes (as defined in the indenture), the holder of the Convertible Note will have the right to require the Company to redeem the Convertible Note at a price equal to the outstanding principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, with an additional make-whole payment for scheduled interest payments remaining if such right is exercised prior to July 31, 2017. 

6.  HEDGING AND COMMODITY DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS. 

Through TUSA, the Company previously entered into commodity derivative instruments including costless collars and swaps to reduce the effect of price changes on a portion of our future oil production. A collar required us to pay the counterparty if the settlement price is above the ceiling price, and required the counterparty to pay us if the settlement price is below the floor price. The objective of TUSA s use of derivative financial instruments was to achieve more predictable cash flows in an environment of volatile oil and natural gas prices and to manage its exposure to commodity price risk. While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements, such use may also limit TUSA s ability to benefit from favorable price movements. TUSA did not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes. 

TUSA s commodity derivative instruments are measured at fair value. TUSA does not designate any of its derivative contracts as fair value or cash flow hedges. Therefore, the Company does not apply hedge accounting to its commodity derivative instruments. Net gains and losses on derivative activities are recorded based on the changes in the fair values of the derivative instruments. TUSA s cash flows are only impacted when the actual settlements under the commodity derivative contracts result in a payment to or from the counterparty. These settlements under the commodity derivative contracts are reflected as operating activities in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.  

18 

Table of Contents  

The components of commodity derivative gains (losses) in the condensed consolidated statements of operations are as follows: 

The estimated fair values of commodity derivatives included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at January 31, 2016 and October 31, 2016 are summarized below. TUSA does not offset asset and liability positions with the same counterparties within the condensed consolidated financial statements; rather, all contracts are presented at their gross estimated fair value. 

(1)    Triangle     deconsolidated   TUSA as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 filing. 

7.  ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS. 

The Company s asset retirement obligations ( ARO ) represent the estimated present value of the amounts expected to be incurred to plug, abandon, and remediate producing and shut-in properties at the end of their productive lives in accordance with applicable state and federal laws. The Company determines the estimated fair value of its ARO when incurred by calculating the present value of estimated cash flows related to plugging and abandonment liabilities. The significant inputs used to calculate such liabilities include estimates of costs to be incurred, the Company s credit adjusted discount rates, inflation rates and estimated dates of abandonment. The asset retirement liability is accreted to its present value each period and the capitalized asset retirement cost is depleted as a component of the full cost pool using the units-of-production method. 

The   following table reflects the change in ARO for the nine months ended October 31, 2016: 

At January 31, 2016, $4.9 million of our ARO balance related to the reclamation of man-made ponds holding produced formation water and the plugging and abandonment of well bores in the Maritimes Basin of Canada. These obligations were settled for $4.6 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2016. Additionally, TUSA was deconsolidated as of June 29, 2016, which resulted in the removal of $5.3 million of ARO from our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of that date. 

19 

Table of Contents  

8.  UNCONSOLIDATED INVESTMENTS AND EQUITY INVESTMENT DERIVATIVES. 

Investment in Caliber  .     The following summarizes the activities related to the Company s equity method investment in Caliber for the nine months ended October 31, 2016: 

We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate there is a loss in value of the investment that is other than a temporary decline. In TUSA s Chapter 11 filing, TUSA is seeking a final judgment or order authorizing TUSA to reject certain midstream services agreements with Caliber. Although the matter has yet to be resolved, it has adversely impacted the fair value of our investment in Caliber resulting in the carrying value of our investment in Caliber exceeding its fair value at October 31, 2016. Since we deemed this decline in fair value to be other than temporary, we recorded an impairment of $21.2 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2016. 

Caliber Equity Investment Derivatives.   At January 31, 2016 and October 31, 2016, the Company held Class A (Series 1 through Series 4 and Series 6) Warrants to acquire additional ownership in Caliber. These instruments are considered to be equity investment derivatives and are valued at each reporting period using valuation techniques for which the inputs are generally less observable than from objective sources. 

Investment in TUSA.   Effective June 29, 2016, as a result of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, we deconsolidated our investment in TUSA, a wholly-owned subsidiary, and commenced accounting for our investment in TUSA using the cost method of accounting. See Note 2 Chapter 11 Filings by Certain Subsidiaries  which describes the basis for valuing Triangle s investment in TUSA at $3.9 million. 

9.  CAPITAL STOCK. 

At October 31, 2016, the Company had 106.6 million shares of common stock issued or reserved for issuance, comprised of 76.5 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding, 0.6 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding awards under its 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan, 6.0 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance under its CEO Stand-Alone Stock Option Agreement, 1.1 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding awards under its 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ), 3.9 million shares of reserved common stock that remained available for issuance under the 2014 Plan, and 18.5 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the Convertible Note. 

The Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) approved a program authorizing the repurchase of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock in amounts equal to the aggregate of (i) $25.0 million of the Company s common stock ( Tranche 1 ), (ii) up to the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and its CEO Stand-Alone Stock Option Agreement ( Tranche 2 ), and (iii) up to the number of shares of common stock potentially issuable, at any given time, pursuant to the paid-in-kind interest accrued on the Convertible Note ( Tranche 3 ). The program stipulates that shares of common stock may be repurchased from time to time, in amounts and at prices that the Company deems appropriate, subject to market and business conditions and other considerations. The repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. There were no common stock repurchases for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2016. As of October 31, 2016, there were 6,486,053 shares of common stock remaining available for repurchase under the Board approved program.  The Company s Board of Directors terminated the stock repurchase program effective December 1, 2016. 

20 

Table of Contents  

10.  SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION. 

The Company has granted equity awards to officers, directors, and certain employees of the Company including restricted stock units and stock options. The Company measures its awards based on the award s grant date fair value which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable vesting period. 

For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, the Company recorded share-based compensation as follows  : 

Restricted Stock Units  .   As of October 31, 2016, there was approximately $5.2 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units. This compensation expense is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period of the related awards of approximately 1.6 years on a weighted average basis. When restricted stock units vest, the holder has the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock per vesting unit.   

The following table summarizes the activity for our restricted stock units during the nine months ended October 31, 2016:  

Stock Options.   The following table summarizes the activity for our stock options during the nine months ended October 31, 2016: 

21 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the stock options outstanding at October 31, 2016  :   

As of October 31, 2016, there was approximately $5.3 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options. This compensation expense is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period of the related awards of approximately 1.7 years. 

11.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS.  

The FASB s ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure  , establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: 

Level 1: Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;      

Level 2: Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities that are observable for the asset or liability; and     

Level 3: Unobservable pricing inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources, such as discounted cash flows models or valuations.      

The financial assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.  

The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of January 31, 2016 and October 31, 2016, by level within the fair value hierarchy:  

22 

Table of Contents  

Commodity Derivative Instruments.     The Company determines its estimate of the fair value of commodity derivative instruments using a market approach based on several factors, including quoted market prices in active markets, quotes from third-parties, the credit rating of each counterparty, and the Company s own credit rating. In considering counterparty credit risk, the Company assessed the possibility of whether the counterparty to the derivative would default by failing to make any contractually required payments. The Company believes that each of its counterparties is creditworthy and has the financial resources and willingness to meet its potential repayment obligations associated with the derivative transactions. The Company s commodity derivative instruments are valued using public indices and are traded with third-party counterparties, but are not openly traded on an exchange. As such, the Company has classified these commodity derivative instruments as Level 2. Triangle deconsolidated TUSA as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 filing. 

Caliber Class A Warrants (Series 1 through Series 4 and Series 6).   The Company determines its estimate of the fair value of Caliber Class A Warrants using a Monte Carlo Simulation ( MCS ) model. For each MCS, the values of the Class A Units and Class A Warrants were forecasted at the end of each quarter based on a predetermined yield, and the strike price for the warrant is adjusted accordingly. At October 31, 2016, the fair values of the underlying Class A Units and Class A Warrants were estimated employing an income approach using a MCS model and discounted cash flows, and a market approach based on observed valuation multiples for comparable public companies. Key inputs into these valuation approaches are generally less observable than those from objective sources. Therefore, the Company has classified these instruments as Level 3. 

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements.   For certain situations, the Company is also required to make fair value measurements for assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet after their initial recognition. At January 31, 2016 and October 31, 2016, the Company was required to make fair value measurements for comparisons to the carrying values of long-lived assets and its investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries to assess whether any impairments were required.  

At October 31, 2016, the Company determined its estimate of the fair value of long-lived assets, primarily real estate, using a market approach based on estimates from an independent, third party appraiser. Key inputs into these valuation approaches are generally less observable than those from objective sources. Therefore, the Company considers the related long-lived assets as Level 3. 

As described above, the Company uses an income approach and a market approach to value its investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries. The MCS model that is used by the Company to determine the fair value of the Caliber Class A Warrants is also used by the Company to determine the fair value of the Company s investment in Caliber Class A Units in its other than temporary impairment evaluation. Therefore, the Company considers its investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries as Level 3. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  .    The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and payable, derivatives and Caliber Class A Warrants (discussed above), and long-term debt. The carrying values of cash equivalents and accounts receivable and payable are representative of their fair values due to their short-term maturities. The carrying amount of the Company s revolving credit facilities approximated fair value because the interest rate of the facilities is variable. The fair values of the other notes and mortgages payable is not significantly different than their carrying values. The fair value of the TUSA 6.75% Notes is derived from quoted market prices (Level 1). The Convertible Note s estimated fair value is based on quoted market prices for similar debt instruments and option pricing (Level 3). This disclosure does not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

The carrying values and fair values of the Company s debt instruments are as follows: 

(1) 

Triangle deconsolidated TUSA as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 filing.     

23 

Table of Contents  

(2) 

The   Company   is unable to reasonably determine the fair value for these financial instruments due to a lack of actively quoted market prices and uncertainties related to its restructuring activities.     

12.        RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. 

The accounts receivable   related parties balance of $1.6 million at October 31, 2016 primarily represents amounts due from TUSA for management fees due to Triangle  . 

13.  CONTINGENCIES. 

On May 26, 2016, the Company received a demand for arbitration in connection with an exploration and development agreement entered into in August 2011 with a third party operator. The demand alleges damages in connection with non-payment of a promote fee established under the agreement for 10% of the cost of drilling wells in which the Company elected to participate that were drilled in an area of mutual interest. On November 14, 2016, the Company settled the claim for an amount that will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

In addition, the Company is a party from time to time to other claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that the ultimate impact, if any, of these other claims and legal actions will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity  . 

14.  SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION.  

24 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Overview  

We are an independent energy company with a strategic focus in the Williston Basin  . 

Chapter 11 Filing by Certain Subsidiaries.   On June 29, 2016, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Chapter 11 Cases are expected to be jointly administered under the caption   In re Triangle USA Petroleum Corporation et al  ., Case No. 16-11566. The Debtors intend to continue to operate their businesses as  debtors-in-possession  under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court. Triangle and its subsidiaries, other than the Debtors, did not file voluntary petitions for relief and are not debtors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and, consequently, continue to operate their businesses in the ordinary course. 

We deconsolidated TUSA and its subsidiaries on June 29, 2016 as we concluded that, under applicable accounting standards, we no longer have a controlling financial interest in TUSA and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Our financial statements presented after June 29, 2016 reflect our investment in, and results of operations of, TUSA under the cost method of accounting. 

Discontinued Operations.   On September 8, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of RockPile s assets and related liabilities   for a base purchase price of $58.0 million in cash, which was used to settle RockPile s debt obligations  .  For fiscal years 2016 and 2017, all gains and losses on disposition, impairment charges and disposal costs, along with sales, costs and expenses and income taxes attributable to the discontinued oilfield services operations, have been aggregated in  Income (loss) from discontinued operations  in our condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. 

Triangle s Operations.   As we continue to evaluate a variety of strategic alternatives, o  ur business currently consists primarily of our investment in Caliber, investments in several commercial and multi-unit residential real estate buildings in North Dakota, and management services provided to TUSA. 

Liquidity and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As such, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets and their carrying amounts, or the amount and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern  . See   Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)   Note 1   for further discussion. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Summary of Operating Results 

The following table reflects the components of our production volumes, average realized prices, oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids revenues, and operating expenses for the periods indicated. Fiscal year 2017 includes TUSA and its wholly-owned subsidiaries through June 29, 2016, the date that TUSA was deconsolidated. The information set forth below is not indicative of future results  . 

(1)      Computed based on 0 and 150 production days, respectively, for the three and nine month periods ended October 31, 2016 due to the deconsolidation of TUSA on June, 29, 2016. 

The deconsolidation of TUSA on June 29, 2016 is the primary reason for the decreases in activity for the three and nine-month periods ended October 31, 2016 compared to the three and nine-month periods ended October 31, 2015. Explanations for fluctuations in other key components of our condensed consolidated statement of operations are discussed below.  

26 

Table of Contents  

Comparison of the Quarter Ended October 31, 2016 to the Quarter Ended October 31, 2015 

General and Administrative Expenses.   The following table summarizes general and administrative expenses, net of amounts capitalized, for the three months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016: 

Total general and administrative expenses decreased $4.1 million to $8.9 million for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared to $13.0 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Total other general and administrative expenses increased from $2.5 million for the three months ended October 31, 2015 to $5.9 million for the three months ended October 31, 2016. The primary reason for this increase is restructuring advisory fees and legal related costs of $3.9 million incurred during the three months ended October 31, 2016  .   

Earnings (Losses) from Unconsolidated Investments  .     Triangle s unconsolidated investments consist of our investment in Caliber Class A Units, which we account for using the equity method of accounting, equity derivative instruments in Caliber, and our investment in TUSA, which we account for using the cost method after the deconsolidation of TUSA on June 29, 2016. During the three months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, the Company recognized $0.5 million of income and a $0.6 million loss, for its share of Caliber s net income for the respective periods. The Company also recognized a $1.1 million loss on its equity investment derivatives during the three months ended October 31, 2015 compared to no gain or loss during the three months ended October 31, 2016.  

Interest Expense.   The $1.9 million in interest expense for the three months ended October 31, 2016 consists of (i) $1.8 million in accrued interest related to the Convertible Note, and (ii)  $0.1 million in interest expense related to our other debt. We paid $0.1 million of interest expense and capitalized interest in cash.  

The $9.1 million in interest expense for the three months ended October 31, 2015 consists of (i) $1.2 million in interest related to the TUSA credit facility, (ii) $7.1 million in interest related to the TUSA 6.75% Notes, (iii)  $1.8 million in accrued interest related to our Convertible Note, and (iv) $0.1 million in interest expense related to our other debt, all net of $1.1 million of capitalized interest. We paid $1.5 million of interest expense and capitalized interest in cash. 

Income Taxes.   We recognized no income tax benefit or expense in the third quarters of fiscal years 2016 and 2017.  

The carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties exceeded the calculated value of the ceiling limitation resulting in impairments of $779.0 million for the year ended January 31, 2016. These impairments resulted in Triangle having three years of cumulative historical pre-tax losses and a net deferred tax asset position. Triangle also had NOL s for federal income tax purposes of $286.0 million at January 31, 2016. These losses and expected future losses were a key consideration that led Triangle to provide a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets since it cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will be fully realized in future periods. 

As long as the Company concludes that it will continue to have a need for a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets, the Company likely will not have any additional income tax expense or benefit other than for federal alternative minimum tax expense or for state income taxes. 

27 

Table of Contents  

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended October 31, 2016 to the Nine Months Ended October 31, 2015 

General and Administrative Expenses.   The following table summarizes general and administrative expenses, net of amounts capitalized, for the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016: 

Total general and administrative expenses increased $1.4 million to $32.1 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2016, compared to $30.7 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015. Total other general and administrative expenses increased from $7.0 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015 to $18.8 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2016. The primary reason for this increase is restructuring advisory fees and legal related costs of $10.9 million incurred during the nine months ended October 31, 2016. 

Earnings (Losses) from Unconsolidated Investments  .     Triangle s unconsolidated investments consist of our investment in Caliber Class A Units, which we account for using the equity method of accounting, equity derivative instruments in Caliber, and our investment in TUSA, which we account for using the cost method after the deconsolidation of TUSA on June 29, 2016. During the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, the Company recognized $1.9 million of income and a $0.6 million loss for its share of Caliber s net income for the respective periods. The Company also recognized a $3.4 million gain on its equity investment derivatives during the nine months ended October 31, 2015 compared to a $3.3 million loss during the nine months ended October 31, 2016. In addition, Triangle recognized a gain of $2.9 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2015 related to the issuance of Class A Units. 

We evaluate our equity method investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate there is a loss in value of the investment that is other than a temporary decline. In TUSA s Chapter 11 filing, TUSA is seeking a final judgment or order authorizing TUSA to reject certain midstream services agreements with Caliber. This has adversely impacted the fair value of our investment in Caliber resulting in the carrying value of our investment in Caliber exceeding its fair value at October 31, 2016. Since we deemed this decline in fair value to be other than temporary, we recorded an impairment of $21.2 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2016.  

Interest Expense.   The $18.9 million in interest expense for the nine months ended October 31, 2016 consists of (i) $3.6 million in interest related to the TUSA credit facility, (ii) $10.7 million in interest related to the TUSA 6.75% Notes, (iii)  $5.4 million in accrued interest related to the Convertible Note, and (iv) $0.3 million in interest expense related to our other debt, all net of $1.1 million of capitalized interest which generally relates to the carrying costs on our unproved properties. We paid $3.9 million of interest expense and capitalized interest in cash.  

The $26.5 million in interest expense for the nine months ended October 31, 2015 consists of (i) $3.2 million in interest related to the TUSA credit facility, (ii) $21.7 million in interest related to the TUSA 6.75% Notes, (iii)  $5.2 million in accrued interest related to our Convertible Note, and (iv) $0.2 million in interest expense related to our other debt, all net of $3.8 million of capitalized interest. We paid $18.1 million of interest expense and capitalized interest in cash. 

Commodity Derivatives.   Through TUSA, we have entered into commodity derivative instruments, primarily costless collars and swaps, to reduce the effect of price changes on a portion of our future oil production. Our commodity derivative instruments are measured at fair value and are included in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as derivative assets and liabilities. During the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, we recognized a gain of $17.9 million and a loss of $12.9 million, respectively, on our commodity derivative positions due to changes in underlying crude oil prices. We recorded a realized commodity derivative gain of $6.6 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2017, as compared to a realized commodity derivative gain of $64.3 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016. Triangle deconsolidated TUSA as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 filing. Therefore, we do not expect any further commodity derivative gains or losses in fiscal year 2017. 

28 

Table of Contents  

Income Taxes.     We recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets and we recognized a benefit of $53.4 million in the first nine months of fiscal year 2016, compared to no benefit or expense for the first nine months of fiscal year 2017.  

Discontinued Operations 

The competitive oilfield services pricing environment resulted in a loss from discontinued operations of $29.8 million and $26.4 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively, after eliminations of intercompany gross profit. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of October 31, 2016, we had approximately $156.6 million of debt outstanding, consisting of $148.2 million for the Convertible Note and $8.4 million for other notes and mortgages. 

As of October 31, 2016, we had cash of $10.8 million consisting primarily of cash held in bank accounts, as compared to $82.9 million at January 31, 2016.  

Cash Flows  

The following is a summary of our changes in cash and cash equivalents for continuing operations for the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016: 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities.   Cash flows provided by operating activities were $115.4 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2015, compared to cash flows used in operating activities of $18.3 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2016. Cash flows from operating activities were unfavorably impacted in the nine months ended October 31, 2016 by lower realized oil prices compared to the nine months ended October 31, 2015. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities.   During the nine months ended October 31, 2015, we used $180.0 million of cash in investing activities compared to $109.9 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2016. During the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, we used $182.2 million and $19.4 million, respectively, on oil and natural gas property expenditures. During the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, we also spent $3.0 million and $0.0 million, respectively, on other property and equipment, primarily consisting of facility construction and improvements. During the nine months ended October 31, 2015, we received net proceeds of $6.0 million from the sale of a salt water disposal well. In addition, the deconsolidation of TUSA as of June 29, 2016 resulted in the use of $91.8 million in cash. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities.     Cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended October 31, 2015 totaled $59.7 million, as compared to $56.3 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2016. Our primary financing activities consisted of net borrowings from our credit facilities of $70.0 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and $62.0 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2016. In the first nine months of fiscal year 2017, we used cash of $4.6 million to repurchase TUSA 6.75% Notes with a face value of $25.8 million. 

Net Cash Used in Intercompany Transactions with Discontinued Operations.   Cash flows used in intercompany transactions with discontinued operations were $22.9 million and $0.3 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2016, respectively. Cash flows used in intercompany transactions with discontinued operations primarily consists of cash flows from grosss profit eliminations and from net working capital changes related to the settlement of accounts payable and accounts receivable between our continuing operations and our discontinued operations. 

29 

Table of Contents  

Capital Requirements Outlook 

Our cash flows from operations for fiscal year 2016 and the first nine months of fiscal year 2017 were insufficient to cover our   capital   requirements, and we continued to rely on external financing activities and cash on hand. The deconsolidation of TUSA in connection with the Chapter 11 Filings and the RockPile Sale will further limit our cash flows from operations in upcoming quarters. 

In response to the persisting depressed oil and natural gas pricing environment, we significantly reduced capital expenditures and implemented reductions in force across our businesses early in fiscal year 2017. Following the Chapter 11 Filings and the RockPile Sale, we have no further availability under our TUSA and RockPile credit facilities. As we continue to evaluate strategic alternatives, we will be primarily dependent on cash on hand, revenues from our management services to TUSA, and rental income from our commercial and residential real estate investments in North Dakota. Any additional liquidity shortfall may be financed through additional debt or equity instruments, if we are able to access the capital markets on acceptable terms, which is highly uncertain. There can be no assurance, however, that that credit or equity financing will be available when needed, or that we would be able to complete alternative transactions in the capital markets, if needed. 

If our existing and potential sources of liquidity are not sufficient to allow us to satisfy our commitments as they come due, we have the flexibility to divest assets. We are evaluating a variety of strategic alternatives, and we may be required to pursue   alternative   measures, such as selling material assets, seeking additional financing, or refinancing, recapitalizing, or restructuring all or a portion of our existing debt. As discussed in Part II, Item 1A   Risk Factors, we cannot assure you that any of these measures would be successful or sufficient. 

Sources of Capital  

Cash flows from operations.   We receive quarterly cash payments from TUSA pursuant to the terms of a Management Agreement, which payments are permitted by the Bankruptcy Court. We also receive rental income from our commercial   and   residential real estate investments in North Dakota, as well as equipment rental income that fluctuates based on drilling activity. 

Securities Offerings.   Historically, we have financed our operations, property acquisitions and other capital investments in part from the proceeds of public and private offerings of our equity and debt securities. We may from time to time offer debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, warrants and other securities, or any combination of such securities, in amounts, at prices and on terms announced when and if the securities are offered. The specifics of any future public offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus or a prospectus supplement at the time of such offering. 

Asset Sales.   We are strategically reviewing our assets to consider monetizing those that may garner attractive prices. Such assets include,   but   are not limited to, equity investments, equipment, and real property interests. 

Liquidity 

As noted above, the Debtors commenced the Chapter 11 Cases on June 29, 2016. The commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases constituted an additional event of default under the TUSA credit facility and is also an event of default under the TUSA 6.75% Notes. However, any efforts to enforce such payments are automatically stayed as a result of the Chapter 11 Filings, and the holders  rights of enforcement in respect of the TUSA Debt Documents are subject to the applicable provisions of the   Bankruptcy   Code. Triangle has not guaranteed TUSA s obligations under the TUSA credit facility or the TUSA 6.75% Notes and has no obligation in connection therewith. 

As also noted above, following the RockPile Sale we have no further availability under the RockPile credit facility. However, Triangle did not guarantee RockPile s borrowings under the credit facility and has no obligation in connection therewith. 

Triangle Liquidity.   Triangle has engaged professional advisors to assist it in the process of analyzing various strategic alternatives to address our liquidity and capital structure, including: (i) obtaining additional sources of capital from asset sales,   issuances   of debt or equity securities, debt for equity swaps, or any combination thereof; and (ii) pursuing in- and out-of-court restructuring transactions. In connection with a debt restructuring or refinancing, we may seek to convert a   

30 

Table of Contents  

significant portion of our outstanding debt to equity. In addition, we may seek to exchange outstanding debt for new debt with modified terms or other measures. While we anticipate engaging in active dialogue with our creditors, at this time we are unable to predict the outcome of such discussions, the outcome of any strategic transactions that we may pursue, or whether any such efforts will be successful. 

As a result of the above, substantial doubt exists regarding the ability of Triangle to continue as a going concern, which contemplates   continuity   of operations, realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

Commodity Derivative Instruments 

Triangle deconsolidated TUSA as of June 29, 2016 in connection with the commencement of TUSA s Chapter 11 filing. Therefore, we do not expect any further commodity derivative activity for the remainder of fiscal year 2017. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources  .   

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Commodity Price Risk.     Our primary market risk is related to changes in oil prices. The market price of oil has been highly volatile and is likely to continue to be highly volatile in the future, which will impact prospective revenues from the sale of our assets, properties, or equipment whose value is influenced by the level of drilling activity in the Williston Basin. Through TUSA, the Company previously entered into commodity derivative instruments to reduce the effect of price changes on a portion of our future oil production.  However, since the deconsolidation of TUSA following the Chapter 11 Filings, the Company no longer produces oil and does not anticipate entering into commodity derivative instruments to manage risk in connection with its remaining assets.    

Interest Rate Risk.     The Convertible Note bears interest at a fixed rate, which mitigates any material interest rate risk for the Company  . 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURE  S. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of Jonathan Samuels, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Douglas Griggs, our Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2016. Based on the evaluation, those officers believe that: 

our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms; and     

our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 was accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting  . 

31 

Table of Contents  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings.   

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

On June 29, 2016, TUSA and Ranger commenced the Chapter 11 Cases.  For additional information regarding the Chapter 11 Cases, see Note 2 Chapter 11 Filings by Certain Subsidiaries. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors.   

There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in our Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K. Those risks, in addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC, could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we deem to be immaterial could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are evaluating a variety of strategic alternatives for Triangle s business going forward, but there is no guarantee that any such alternatives can be effectuated on acceptable terms or at all.  

We are evaluating a number of measures to enhance our liquidity and improve our balance sheet and Triangle s business going forward. On March 24, 2016, we announced our retention of financial and legal advisors to assist us in evaluating our strategic alternatives. On May 12, 2016, RockPile also announced that it retained financial and legal advisors to assist it in its ongoing strategic review process. On June 29, 2016, TUSA and certain of our other subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under the Bankruptcy Code and are continuing to operate their businesses as  debtors-in-  possession    under the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. On June 30, 2016, we announced that the Board formed a Special Committee that is charged with maximizing value for the Company, its shareholders and other relevant stakeholders as the Company continues its ongoing evaluation of strategic alternatives. On September 8, 2016, we consummated the RockPile Sale. The strategies we are evaluating include modifying our operations; selling material assets; seeking additional financing; or refinancing, recapitalizing, or restructuring all or a portion of our existing debt. We have engaged in discussions with certain of our stakeholders with respect to a potential consensual restructuring or recapitalization of the Company, and to date, such discussions have not resulted in any definitive agreements relating thereto.  

These alternative measures may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. To the extent inadequate cash flows from   operations   and other available capital resources require us to dispose of material assets to meet our obligations, we may not be able to consummate such dispositions for fair market value, in a timely manner, or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any dispositions may not be adequate to meet our obligations. To the extent inadequate liquidity or other considerations require us to seek to restructure or refinance our debt, our ability to do so will depend on numerous factors, including many beyond our control, such as the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing or restructuring of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. 

Moreover, we cannot guarantee that any particular refinancing or restructuring alternatives, such as refinancing our existing indebtedness or   otherwise   amending the terms thereof, would be sufficient or could be effectuated at all. If we are unable to service our obligations through cash flows from operations and are unable to effectuate one or more of the alternative measures and transactions we currently are evaluating, we may be required to reorganize the Company in its entirety and therefore cannot assure you that the Company will continue in its current state or that your investment in the Company will retain any value. 

32 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

The following table summarizes our purchases of shares of our common stock during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016: 

(1) 

Shares of common stock surrendered by certain employees to the Company in satisfaction of their tax liability upon the vesting of their restricted stock units. The number of shares of common stock actually issued to such employees upon the vesting of their restricted stock units was net of the shares surrendered in satisfaction of their tax liability. The withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchased under the repurchase program described below.     

(2) 

As reported in Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 11, 2014 and October 17, 2014, the Company s Board of Directors approved a program authorizing the repurchase of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock in amounts equal to the aggregate of (i) $25.0 million of the Company s common stock ( Tranche 1 ), (ii) up to the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and its CEO Stand-Alone Stock Option Agreement ( Tranche 2 ), and (iii) up to the number of shares of common stock potentially issuable, at any given time, pursuant to the paid-in-kind interest accrued on the Convertible Note ( Tranche 3 ). Shares of common stock repurchased under the program may be repurchased from time to time, in amounts and at prices that the Company deems appropriate, subject to market and business conditions and other considerations. The repurchase program may be executed using open market purchases pursuant to Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, in privately negotiated agreements, or other transactions. The repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. As of October 31,  2016, an aggregate of 11,431,744 shares of the Company s common stock have been repurchased under the program. The Company s Board of Directors terminated the stock repurchase program effective December 1, 2016.     

(3) 

Includes the number of shares of common stock remaining available for repurchase pursuant to Tranche 2, plus the number of shares of common stock available for repurchase pursuant to Tranche 3 based on the paid-in-kind interest accrued on the Convertible Note as of June 30, 2016. All shares of common stock authorized for repurchase under Tranche 1 have been exhausted.     

(4) 

Includes an additional 227,788 shares of common stock potentially issuable pursuant to the paid-in-kind interest added to the principal balance of the Convertible Note on September 30, 2016.     

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None  . 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not   Applicable  . 

Item 5.  Other Information. 

Not Applicable. 

33 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS  . 

Exhibit No.  

Description  

3.1  

Certificate of Incorporation of Triangle Petroleum Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.  

3.2  

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Triangle Petroleum Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.  

3.3  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Triangle Petroleum Corporation, effective December 2, 2015, filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.  

3.4  

Form of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Triangle Petroleum Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.  

10.1  

Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated August 19, 2016, between RockPile Energy Services, LLC, as Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and the banks and other financial institutions signatories thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.  

10.2  

Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated August 31, 2016, between RockPile Energy Services, LLC, as Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and the banks and other financial institutions signatories thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.  

10.3  

Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated September 7, 2016, between RockPile Energy Services, LLC, as Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and the banks and other financial institutions signatories thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.  

10.4*  

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2016, between RockPile Energy Services, LLC and RockPile Newco, LLC.  

31.1*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2*  

Certification of Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer) pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1*  

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

34 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit No.  

Description  

101.INS*  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

* Filed herewith.  

35 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf   by   the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRIANGLE PETROLEUM CORPORATION  

Date:  December 7, 2016  

By:   

/s/ JONATHAN SAMUELS  

Jonathan Samuels  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  December 7, 2016  

By:   

/s/ DOUGLAS GRIGGS  

Douglas Griggs  

Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer)  

36 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 tpc-20161031ex104863d66.htm
 EX-10.4

tpc_EX_10_4

EXHIBIT 10.4 

Execution Version 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

between 

ROCKPILE ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 

and 

ROCKPILE NEWCO, LLC 

dated as of 

September 8, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

i 

ii 

iii 

iv 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Asset Purchase Agreement (this "  Agreement  "), dated as of September 8, 2016, is entered into between RockPile Energy Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("  Seller  "), and RockPile Newco, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company ("  Buyer  ").  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in   Article I  . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Seller and its Subsidiaries are in the business of providing completion services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies (the "  Business  "); and 

WHEREAS, Seller wishes to (and to cause its Subsidiaries to) sell and assign to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to purchase and acquire from Seller and its Subsidiaries, all of Seller's and its Subsidiaries' rights, title and interest in and to, the Purchased Assets of the Business, and in connection therewith Buyer shall assume all of the Assumed Liabilities, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

The following terms have the meanings specified or referred to in this   Article I  : 

"  Accountant  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(d)  . 

"  Act of Bankruptcy  " by a party hereto shall consist of such Party filing a voluntary petition or otherwise commencing an action seeking reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, or similar relief under either Chapter 7, 11, 12 or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any other federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law or statute. 

"  Adjustment Amount  " means the positive or negative amount, expressed in dollars, of (a) the aggregate amount of all accounts receivable transferred to Buyer pursuant to   Section 2.01(a)  ,    plus   (b) the aggregate amount of all Inventory transferred to Buyer pursuant to   Section 2.01(h)  ,    plus   (c) the aggregate amount of all credits, deposits and prepaid expenses transferred to Buyer pursuant to   Section 2.01(i)  ,    plus   (d) the aggregate amount of all other current assets transferred to Buyer pursuant to   Section 2.01  ,    minus   (e) the aggregate amount of all accounts payable, accrued expenses (including accrued Property Taxes (pursuant to   Section 6.05(a)  )), accrued payroll and deferred revenue assumed by Buyer pursuant to   Section 2.03  ; provided that, in the case of each of (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e), all such amounts are determined on a dollar-for-dollar basis, without applying any discount. 

"  Adjustment Amount Escrow Agreement  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(e)  . 

"  Adjustment Amount Escrow Account  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(e)  . 

"  Adjustment Escrow Amou  nt" means One Million Dollars ($1,000,000). 

"  Affiliate  " means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlled by, controlling, or under common control with such Person; and for purposes of this definition, "control" (including the concept of "control" when used in the terms "controlled by" and "controlled") means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies of such other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. 

"  Agreement  " has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

"  Allocation Schedule  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.07  . 

"  Assigned Contracts  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(l)  . 

"  Assumed Liabilities  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.03  . 

"  Audited Financial Statements  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.04  . 

"  Balance Sheet  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.04  . 

"  Balance Sheet Date  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.04  . 

"  Base Purchase Price  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.05  . 

"  Books and Records  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(m)  . 

"  Business  " has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

"  Business Day  " means any day except for Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks located in Houston, Texas are authorized or obligated to close. 

"  Business Employee  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.14(a)  . 

"  Business Name  " means Seller's name "RockPile Energy Services, LLC," each of Seller's Subsidiaries' names, including "RockPile Energy Real Estate, LLC," "RockPile Logistics Services, LLC," "RockPile Chemical Services, LLC," "RockPile Rig Services, LLC," "Pinnacle Testing Services, LLC," "RockPile Wireline Services, LLC," "RockPile Pump Rental Services, LLC," "RockPile Management, LLC" and "RockPile Management Holdings, LLC," and any and all variants and derivations of such names. 

"  Business Permits  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(j)  . 

"  Buyer  " has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

"  Buyer 401(k) Plan  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.01(g)  . 

2 

"  Buyer Disclosure Schedules  " means the disclosure schedules delivered by Buyer concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

"  Buyer Indemnified Persons  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 7.01  . 

"  Closing  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 3.01  . 

"  Closing Date  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 3.01  . 

"  Closing Employee  " means each Business Employee who is not a Retained Employee. 

"  Closing Purchase Price  " means (a) the Base Purchase Price   plus   (b) the amount by which the Estimated Adjustment Amount is greater than the Target Amount   minus   (c) the amount by which the Estimated Adjustment Amount is less than the Target Amount. 

"  Closing Statement  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(a)  . 

"  Closing Transferee  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.01(a)  . 

"  Code  " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

"  Conclusive Adjustment Amount  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(d)  . 

"  Confidential Information  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.02  . 

"  Contracts  " means all legally binding written contracts, purchase orders, leases, mortgages, licenses, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings, indentures and other agreements. 

"  Deductible  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 7.03(b)(i)  . 

"  Disclosure Schedules  " means the Buyer Disclosure Schedules and the Seller Disclosure Schedules. 

"  Disputed Items  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(d)  . 

"  Dollar  " or "  $  " means the lawful currency of the United States. 

"  Employee Plan  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.14(b)  . 

"  Employment Transfer Date  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.01(a)  . 

"  Encumbrance  " means any lien, pledge, mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, charge, claim, easement, encroachment or other similar encumbrance. 

"  Environmental Claim  " means any Governmental Order, action, suit, or claim by any Person alleging liability arising out of, based on or resulting from: (a) the actual or alleged Release, use, or presence of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials; or (b) any actual or   

3 

alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Law or term or condition of any Environmental Permit. 

"  Environmental Law  " means any applicable Law: (a) relating to pollution (or the cleanup thereof) or the protection of natural resources, the protection of  human health or safety (as relates to exposure to Hazardous Materials), or the environment (including ambient air, soil, surface water or groundwater, or subsurface strata); or (b) concerning the manufacture, use, recycling, reclamation, reuse, treatment, generation, discharge, transportation,  disposal or remediation of any Hazardous Materials. The term "Environmental Law" includes the following (including their implementing regulations and any state analogs): the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C.    9601   et seq  .; the Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended by the Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984, 42 U.S.C.    6901   et seq  .; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 U.S.C.    1251   et seq  .; the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, as amended, 15 U.S.C.    2601   et seq  .; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C.    11001   et seq  .; the Clean Air Act of 1966, as amended by the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, 42 U.S.C.    7401   et seq  .; and the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, 29 U.S.C.    651   et seq  . 

"  Environmental Permit  " means any Permit required for the ownership, use or operation of the Purchased Assets or the conduct of the Business as of the Closing under applicable Environmental Laws. 

"  ERISA  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.14(b)(i)  . 

"  ERISA Affiliate  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.14(b)(iii)  . 

"  Escrow Agent  " means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

"  Escrow Agreements  " means the Indemnification Escrow Agreement and the Adjustment Amount Escrow Agreement. 

"  Escrow Amount  " means the Adjustment Escrow Amount and the Indemnity Escrow Amount. 

"  Estimated Adjustment Amount  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(a)  . 

"  Excluded Assets  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.02  . 

"  Excluded Liabilities  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.04  . 

"  Explosives Assets  " means explosive magazines, well perforating explosives and explosive jet cutters. 

"  Explosives Permit  " means a Federal Explosives License issued by the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, relating to the Explosives Assets. 

4 

"  Financial Statements  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.04  . 

"  Fundamental Representation  " means any representation or warranty of (a) Seller set forth in   Sections 4.01   (Organization and Qualification of Seller),   4.02   (Authority of Seller),   4.07   (Title to Tangible Personal Property),   4.09(a)(i)   (Title to Owned Real Property),   4.19   (Brokers) and   4.20   (Purchased Equity), or (b) Buyer set forth in   Sections 5.01   (Organization and Qualification of Buyer),   5.02   (Authority of Buyer) and   5.04   (Brokers). 

"  Fundamental Survival Date  " mean the date that is the eighteen (18) month anniversary following the Closing Date. 

"  Funded Debt  " of Seller as of any date means (i) all obligations of Seller and its Subsidiaries for borrowed money (including capitalized leases but excluding any inter-company obligations for borrowed money, any trade payables, accounts payable and any other current Liabilities reflected in the calculation of Conclusive Adjustment Amount); (ii) all obligations of Seller and its Subsidiaries evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments (including, without limitation, any seller notes, deferred purchase price obligations or earn-out obligations issued or entered into in connection with any acquisition undertaken by Seller and its Subsidiaries); (iii) all obligations in respect of letters of credit, solely to the extent drawn prior to Closing, and bankers' acceptances issued for the account of Seller and its Subsidiaries; and (iv) any accrued interest, prepayment premiums or penalties related to any of the foregoing. 

"  GAAP  " means United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied from period to period and throughout any period in accordance with the past practices of Seller. 

"  General Survival Date  " means the date that is the six (6) month anniversary following the Closing Date. 

"  Governmental Authority  " means any federal, state, local or foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of such government or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority (to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders of such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator, court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 

"  Governmental Order  " means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any Governmental Authority. 

"  Hazardous Materials  " means any chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous substances", "hazardous wastes", "hazardous materials", "hazardous constituents", "restricted hazardous materials", "extremely hazardous substances", "toxic substances", "contaminants", "pollutants", "toxic pollutants", or words of similar meaning and regulatory effect under any applicable Environmental Law, including petroleum and asbestos. 

"  Hired Employees  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.01(a)  . 

5 

"  Indemnification Escrow Agreement  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.09  . 

"  Indemnified Person  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 7.04  . 

"  Indemnifying Person  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 7.04  . 

"  Indemnity Cap  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 7.03(b)  . 

"  Indemnity Escrow Account  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.09  . 

"  Indemnity Escrow Amount  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.09  . 

"  Instrument of Transfer  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 3.02(a)(i)  . 

"  Intellectual Property  " means all intellectual property and industrial property rights in any jurisdiction throughout the world, including the following: (a) trademarks, trade names, logos, service marks, internet domain name registrations and other similar designations of source or origin, including all applications and registrations therefor and the goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by the foregoing; (b) copyrights, including all applications and registrations therefor; (c) trade secrets and other confidential know-how, information, ideas, inventions, proprietary processes, formulae, models, and methodologies; (d) patents and patent applications, and all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, reissues, re-examinations, substitutions, and extensions thereof; and (e) all rights and remedies against past, present, and future infringement, misappropriation, or other violation thereof. 

"  Intellectual Property Agreements  " means all written licenses, sublicenses and other written agreements by or through which other Persons grant Seller (or any of its Subsidiaries) or Seller (or any of its Subsidiaries) grants any other Persons any exclusive or non-exclusive rights or interests in or to any Intellectual Property. 

"  Intellectual Property Assets  " means all Intellectual Property that is owned by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries. 

"  Intellectual Property Registrations  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.10(a)  . 

"  Interim Balance Sheet  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.04  . 

"  Interim Balance Sheet Date  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.04  . 

"  Interim Financial Statements  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.04  . 

"  Inventory  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(h)  . 

"  Landlord Estoppel Certificate  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 3.02(a)(vi)  . 

"  Law  " means each applicable provision of any constitution, statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, judgment, release, license or other official legally binding pronouncement of any Governmental Authority. 

6 

"  Lease Agreement  " means that certain Lease Agreement dated as of the date hereof by and between Buyer and Seller. 

"  Leased Equipment  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(f)  . 

"  Leased Real Property  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.09(b)  . 

"  Liabilities  " means any debt, obligation, duty or liability of any nature (including any unknown, undisclosed, unfixed, unliquidated, unsecured, unmatured, unaccrued, unasserted, contingent, conditional, inchoate, implied, vicarious, joint, several or secondary liability), STRICT LIABILITY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, STRICT LIABILITY ARISING UNDER ENVIRONMENTAL LAW). 

"  Losses  " means, except as may be limited by   Section 8.14  , actual out-of-pocket losses, damages, Liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, after taking into account any insurance recoveries with respect to such losses, damages, Liabilities, costs and expenses. 

"  Material Adverse Effect  " means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is materially adverse to the results of operations of Seller and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;   provided, however,   that none of the following shall be deemed, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and none of the following shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been, will be, would or could be, or could or would reasonably be expected to have or result in, a "Material Adverse Effect": (a) general economic, market or political conditions; (b) any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development attributable to conditions affecting (i) the industries in which Seller and its Subsidiaries operate (including fluctuating conditions resulting from cyclicality, seasonality or weather patterns affecting Seller and its Subsidiaries or the Business, including their customers and suppliers) or (ii) national, regional or local economies or the global economy; (c) any changes in financial, banking or securities markets in general, including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any security or any market index or any change in prevailing interest rates; (d) any action required or permitted by this Agreement or any action taken (or omitted to be taken) with the written consent of or at the written request of Buyer; (e) any matter set forth in the Disclosure Schedules; (f) any changes in applicable Laws or accounting rules (including GAAP) or the enforcement, implementation or interpretation thereof; (g) the execution or announcement of this Agreement or the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including any cancellations or threatened cancellations of, or delays in, customer orders, any reduction in sales, or any losses or threatened losses of employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or others having relationships with Seller, any of its Subsidiaries or the Business, or any adverse change with respect to any of the foregoing; (h) natural disasters or acts of nature, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions or any escalation or material worsening of any such hostilities, acts of war (whether or not declared), sabotage or terrorism or military actions existing or underway as of the date hereof; (i) any downgrade (actual, announced or contemplated) by any rating agencies with respect to any indebtedness of any of Seller or its Affiliates; (j) any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development arising from or relating to actions required to be taken under applicable Laws or Contracts in effect on the date hereof; (k) any Permitted Encumbrance; or (l) any failure by any  

7 

of Seller and its Subsidiaries or the Business to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (provided that the underlying causes of such failures (subject to the other provisions of this definition) shall not be excluded); provided, that in the case of (a), (b) or (c), such change, event, development, or effect does not disproportionately affect in any material respect the Business or Purchased Assets as compared to other similar assets in the industry in which the Business operates. 

"  Material Contracts  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.06(a)  . 

"  North Dakota Audit  " means that certain sales and use tax audit of Seller conducted by the State of North Dakota for the period beginning June 2012 through May 2015. 

"  Objections Statement  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(d)  . 

"  Owned Equipment  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(e)  . 

"  Owned Real Property  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.09(a)  . 

"  Permits  " means all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, authorizations and consents required to be obtained from Governmental Authorities, and relevant applications for the same. 

"  Permitted Encumbrances  " means: (a) Encumbrances for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies that are not yet due and payable or due but not delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate Proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP; (b) statutory Encumbrances of landlords and Encumbrances of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen and other Encumbrances imposed by Law for amounts not yet due or due but not delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate Proceedings; (c) Encumbrances incurred or deposits made to a Governmental Authority in connection with a Permit; (d) Encumbrances incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance or other types of social security; (e) easements, rights-of-way, covenants, conditions, restrictions, licenses, reservations, subdivisions, encroachments and rights of others for rights-of-way, utilities and other similar purposes which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the present use of the Real Property; (f) Encumbrances not created by Seller that affect the underlying fee interest of any Leased Real Property; (g) Encumbrances incurred in the ordinary conduct of the Business securing Liabilities that are not individually or in the aggregate material to the relevant asset or property; (h) minor defects of title which do not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the present use of the Real Property; (i) all licenses, covenants not to assert and other grants of rights with respect to Intellectual Property; (j) zoning, building, subdivision, land use, environmental regulations and other similar restrictions or requirements; (k) Encumbrances resulting from any facts or circumstances caused by Buyer or its Affiliates; (l) any set of facts an accurate up-to-date survey would show; (m) the terms of the Real Property Leases; and (n) the Encumbrances set forth in   Section 1.01(a)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules. 

"  Person  " means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, corporation, estate, trust, unincorporated organization, association, limited liability company, institution or other entity, including any Governmental Authority. 

8 

"  Post-Closing Statement  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.06(b)  . 

"  Proceeding  " means any action, suit, claim, investigation or other legal proceeding conducted by or pending before any Governmental Authority. 

"  Property Taxes  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.05(b)  . 

"  Purchased Assets  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01  . 

"  Radio Assets  " means handheld radio devices operated under the Radio Permit. 

"  Radio Permit  " means a Radio Station Authorization issued by the United States Federal Communications Commission, relating to the Radio Assets. 

"  Radioactive Assets  " means densitometers. 

"  Radioactive Permits  " means a North Dakota Radioactive Materials License issued by the North Dakota State Department of Health and a Texas Radioactive Materials License issued by the Texas Department of State Health Services, each relating to the Radioactive Assets. 

"  Real Property  " means, collectively, the Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property. 

"  Real Property Leases  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 4.09(b)  . 

"  Release  " means any actual release, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, abandonment, disposing or allowing to escape or migrate into or through the environment. 

"  Representation and Warranty Policy  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 5.09  . 

"  Representative  " means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, managers, officers, employees, consultants, financial advisors, counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person. 

"  Retained Assets  " means the Explosives Assets, the Radio Assets and the Radioactive Assets. 

"  Retained Employee  " means each Business Employee identified on   Section 1.01(b)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules. 

"  Retained Permits  " means the Explosives Permit, the Radio Permit and the Radioactive Permits. 

"  Sandbox Agreement  " means that certain Master License and Services Agreement, dated March 11, 2015, by and between Seller and Sandbox Logistics, LLC, dated December 8, 2015, and all other correspondence, matters and Liabilities related thereto, including, but not limited to that certain letter sent by an attorney representing Sandbox Logistics, LLC, on behalf of Sandbox Logistics, LLC, to Seller. 

9 

"  Security Agreement  " means that certain Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof by and between Buyer and Seller. 

"  Seller  " has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

"  Seller 401(k) Plan  " means the Triangle Petroleum Corporation 401(K) Plan. 

"  Seller Disclosure Schedules  " means the disclosure schedules delivered by Seller concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

"  Seller Guarantees  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.09  . 

"  Seller Indemnified Persons  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 7.02  . 

"  Seller's Knowledge  " and variations of it refer to all matters (a) actually known to any of the Persons set forth on   Section 1.01(c)   of Seller Disclosure Schedules or (b) that any of such Persons would have known had he or she exercised reasonable due inquiry (and Buyer agrees that the inclusion of those individuals in this definition does not result in any of them having any personal liability to Buyer or any Affiliate under this Agreement or otherwise). 

"  Subsidiary  " means, with respect to a Person, any other Person of which all of the securities or other interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other body performing similar functions are owned (directly or indirectly through another Person, nominee arrangement or otherwise) by such Person. 

"  Tangible Personal Property  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(g)  . 

"  Target Amount  " means $10,000,000. 

"  Taxes  " means all federal, state, local, foreign and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, production, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, registration, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, estimated, excise, severance, environmental, stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), real property gains, windfall profits, customs, motor vehicle transfer, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions or penalties with respect thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties. 

"  Tax Return  " means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or statement or other document required to be filed with respect to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof. 

"  Title Policy  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.11  . 

"  Transaction Documents  " means this Agreement, the Escrow Agreements, the Transition Services Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Lease Agreement, each Instrument of Transfer, each Landlord Estoppel Certificate and any other agreements, instruments and documents required to be delivered at the Closing. 

10 

"  Transfer Taxes  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.05(a)  . 

"  Transition Services Agreement  " means that certain Transition Services Agreement dated as of the date hereof by and between Buyer and Seller. 

"  TSA Transfer Date  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.01(a)  . 

"  TSA Transferee  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.01(a)  . 

"  Vehicles  " has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.01(d)  . 

"  WARN Act  " means the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, and similar state, local and foreign laws related to plant closings, relocations, mass layoffs and employment losses. 

ARTICLE II 

PURCHASE AND SALE 

Section 2.01       Purchase and Sale of Assets  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing, Seller shall (or shall cause its Subsidiaries to) sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase, acquire and accept from Seller (or its Subsidiary), free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances, all right, title and interest in, to and under all of Seller's and its Subsidiaries' assets, including but not limited to the following assets, properties and rights of Seller and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "  Purchased Assets  "), but excluding the Excluded Assets: 

(a)     all accounts receivable; 

(b)     the Owned Real Property, as set forth on   Section 4.09(a)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules; 

(c)     the Leased Real Property, as set forth on   Section 4.09(b)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules; 

(d)     the on and off road mobile equipment, trucks, tractors, and trailers and other vehicles owned by Seller (or its Subsidiary) set forth in   Section 2.01(d)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules (the "  Vehicles  "); 

(e)     all machinery and other equipment owned by Seller (or its Subsidiary) (other than the Vehicles and the Tangible Personal Property), including the machinery and other equipment set forth on   Section 2.01(e)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules (the "  Owned Equipment  "); 

(f)     all machinery and other equipment leased by Seller (or its Subsidiary) that is set forth on   Section 2.01(f)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules (the "  Leased Equipment  "); 

11 

(g)     all office equipment, furniture and fixtures located on the Real Property or otherwise used in the Business (either owned or leased by Seller (or its Subsidiary)) (the "  Tangible Personal Property  "); 

(h)     all inventories of raw materials, work in process, finished goods, supplies, fuel and other items treated as inventory by Seller (or its Subsidiary) at the Closing Date ("  Inventory  "); 

(i)     all credits, deposits and prepaid expenses at the Closing Date (to the extent assumable and collectible); 

(j)     Subject to   Section 6.14  , all Permits required for the ownership, use and operation of the other Purchased Assets or the conduct of the Business, in each case as currently conducted, but only to the extent such Permits may be transferred under applicable Law (the "  Business Permits  "); 

(k)     the Intellectual Property Agreements and all Intellectual Property Assets; 

(l)     all customer agreements set forth on   Section 2.01(l)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules, master service agreements, supply agreements, purchase orders and all other Contracts to which Seller or its Subsidiary are party that are required to operate the Business (collectively, the "  Assigned Contracts  "); 

(m)     copies of all books and records exclusively related to the ownership or post-Closing operation of the Purchased Assets, including books of account, ledgers and general, financial and accounting records, machinery and equipment maintenance files, customer lists, customer purchasing histories, price lists, distribution lists, supplier lists, production data, quality control records and procedures, customer complaints and inquiry files, records and data (including all correspondence with any Governmental Authority), sales material and records, internal financial statements, material and research, other than books and records set forth in Section 2.02(b) ("  Books and Records  "); 

(n)     the Business Name, together with the goodwill associated therewith 

(o)     each of the retention agreements set forth on   Section 4.14(c)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules, including any repayment, recoupment or similar rights under such agreements; and 

(p)     subject to   Section 2.02  , all other or additional privileges, rights, interests, properties and assets of every kind and description and wherever located that are used or intended for use in connection with, or that are necessary to the continued conduct of, the Business as presently conducted. 

Seller and Buyer acknowledge and agree that a single asset may fall within more than one of Section 2.01(a) through Section 2.01(p); such fact does not imply that (i) such asset shall be transferred more than once or (ii) any duplication of such asset is required.  Seller and Buyer further acknowledge and agree that any single asset that falls within any of Section 2.01(a)  

12 

through Section 2.01(p) may be transferred through a separate asset transfer listed in this Section 2.01; such fact does not imply that (A) such asset shall be transferred more than once or (B) any duplication of such asset is required. 

Section 2.02       Excluded Assets  .  Buyer expressly understands and agrees that it is not purchasing or acquiring, and neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is selling or assigning, any of the following assets or properties, and all such other assets and properties shall be excluded from the Purchased Assets (the "  Excluded Assets  "): 

(a)     all cash and cash equivalents, bank accounts and securities of Seller and its Subsidiaries; 

(b)     the organizational documents, minute books, stock books, Tax Returns, books of account or other records having to do with the corporate organization of Seller and its Subsidiaries, all employee-related or employee benefit-related files or records of Business Employees who do not become Hired Employees, and any other books and records which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is prohibited from disclosing or transferring to Buyer under applicable Law or Contract and is required by applicable Law to retain or do not exclusively relate to the Purchased Assets; 

(c)     all Contracts that are not Assigned Contracts and any and all rights thereunder; 

(d)     all insurance policies and all rights to applicable claims and proceeds thereunder; 

(e)     all  assets and rights attributable to any benefit plans or related trusts or funding arrangements; 

(f)     all Tax assets including refunds, rebates or prepayments of Taxes (or rights thereto); 

(g)     all rights to any action, suit, demand or claim of any nature available to or being pursued by Seller or any of its Affiliates, whether arising by way of counterclaim or otherwise, in each case whether or not related to the Business, the Purchased Assets, or the Assumed Liabilities; 

(h)     all rights which accrue or will accrue to Seller or any of its Affiliates under the Transaction Documents; 

(i)     all intercompany receivables and, except for any Contract set forth on   Section 2.02(i)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules, other rights pursuant to any Contract between Seller, or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and any of their respective Affiliates, on the other hand; 

(j)     the shares of stock or other ownership interests in any Subsidiaries of Seller; 

13 

(k)     all correspondence and documents prepared by Seller or any of its Affiliates for its internal evaluation purposes or related to any third party bid to purchase any of the assets of the Business; 

(l)     any (i) personnel records with respect to the Hired Employees that Seller or any of its Affiliates is required by Law to maintain in its possession and (ii) Books and Records relating to any Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability that Seller or any of its Affiliates is required by Law to maintain in its possession; 

(m)     any and all guarantees, warranties, indemnities and similar rights (i) in respect of the Business or a Purchased Asset for the period prior to the Closing Date and (ii) in respect of any other Excluded Asset, arising on or after the Closing Date; and 

(n)     the assets, properties and rights specifically set forth on   Section 2.02(n)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules. 

Section 2.03       Assumed Liabilities  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the Closing, Buyer shall assume, pursuant to the Instruments of Transfer, and shall pay, perform and discharge when due only the Liabilities that are specifically listed in   Section 2.03   of the Buyer Disclosure Schedules (collectively, the "  Assumed Liabilities  "). 

Section 2.04       Excluded Liabilities  .  Other than the Assumed Liabilities, Buyer shall not assume and shall not be responsible to pay, perform or discharge, and Seller shall remain solely responsible for, any Liabilities of Seller or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates whatsoever, or relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets prior to the Closing Date (collectively, the "  Excluded Liabilities  "), including but not limited to the following: 

(a)     any Liabilities relating to or arising out of the Excluded Assets; 

(b)     any Liabilities arising under Environmental Laws with respect to the Purchased Assets or the Business that arise prior to the Closing Date, including but not limited to abandoned and unusable waste, materials and debris; 

(c)     all indebtedness for borrowed money, including principal and interest, that relates to the Business or Purchased Assets and is incurred prior to Closing; 

(d)     any Liabilities for Taxes (including Property Taxes as prorated in accordance with   Section 6.05(b)  ) of the Seller and its Subsidiaries; 

(e)     except as provided in   Section 6.01  , any Liabilities of Seller or any of its Affiliates relating to or arising out of the employment, or termination of employment, of any Business Employee; and 

(f)     any Liabilities of Seller arising or incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, investigation and performance of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, consultants, advisers and others. 

14 

Section 2.05       Base Purchase Price  . The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Assets shall be $58,000,000 (the "  Base Purchase Price  "), plus the assumption of all of the Assumed Liabilities.     

Section 2.06       Purchase Price Adjustment  . 

(a)     Prior to the Closing, Seller shall have caused to be prepared and delivered to Buyer a closing statement (the "  Closing Statement  ") setting forth a good faith estimate of the Adjustment Amount as of the Closing (such estimate, the "  Estimated Adjustment Amount  ") and the calculation of such Estimated Adjustment Amount.  The Closing Statement shall be prepared in a manner consistent with the definitions of the term Adjustment Amount, in the manner and using the line items set forth on   Exhibit A   hereto and except as noted otherwise on   Exhibit A   hereto, in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied and following the policies, procedures, principles and methods employed in preparing the Balance Sheet. 

(b)     Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Buyer shall cause to be prepared and delivered to Seller a post-closing statement (the "  Post-Closing Statement  "), setting forth the Adjustment Amount, calculated as of the Closing, and the calculation of the Adjustment Amount, including each line item thereof (in each case, calculated as of the Closing).  The Post-Closing Statement shall be prepared in a manner consistent with the definitions of the term Adjustment Amount, in the manner and using the line items set forth on   Exhibit A   hereto and except as noted otherwise on   Exhibit A   hereto, in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied and following the policies, procedures, principles and methods employed in preparing the Balance Sheet, and shall clearly identify any differences between the Estimated Adjustment Amount and the Adjustment Amount set forth therein and state Buyer's reasons for such differences. 

(c)     Each of Seller and Buyer agrees (i) to reasonably assist the other in the preparation or review of the Closing Statement and the Post-Closing Statement and the related determination of the Estimated Adjustment Amount, the Adjustment Amount and the Closing Purchase Price; (ii) that Seller shall after the Closing, and Buyer shall after the delivery to Seller of the Post-Closing Statement until the earlier of (x) the date Seller delivers an Objections Statement or (y) thirty (30) days after delivery of the Post-Closing Statement to Seller, provide the other and its Representatives, upon the reasonable request of Buyer or Seller, as applicable, with reasonable access during normal business hours to its books, records (including work papers, schedules, memoranda and other documents), supporting data, facilities and management for purposes of the review of the Closing Statement or the Post-Closing Statement, as applicable, and the related determinations of the Estimated Adjustment Amount, the Adjustment Amount and the Closing Purchase Price, and (iii) to reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with such reviews and determinations. 

(d)     If Seller has any objections to any amounts reflected in the Post-Closing Statement, Seller will deliver to Buyer a statement setting forth its objections thereto (an "  Objections Statement  "), which statement will identify in reasonable detail those items and amounts to which Seller objects and set forth, in reasonable detail, the basis for such objection (the "  Disputed Items  "), and Buyer and Seller will attempt to resolve and finally determine and agree upon the Disputed Items as promptly as practicable.  If an Objections Statement is not  

15 

delivered to Buyer within thirty (30) days after delivery of the Post-Closing Statement to Seller, the Post-Closing Statement as prepared by Buyer will be final, binding and non-appealable by the parties hereto.  Seller and Buyer will negotiate in good faith to resolve the Disputed Items, but if they do not reach a final resolution within thirty (30) days after the delivery of the Objections Statement to Buyer (as such thirty (30)-day period may be extended to the extent agreed by Seller and Buyer in writing), Seller and Buyer will submit any unresolved Disputed Items to an impartial nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants mutually appointed by Buyer and Seller (the "  Accountant  ") for resolution. The fees, costs and expenses of the Accountant will be paid by the party whose positions generally did not prevail in the Accountant's resolution of the dispute, or if the Accountant determines that no party could be fairly found to be the prevailing party, then such fees, costs and expenses will be borne by Seller and Buyer in equal shares. The decision of the Accountant shall be final and binding on the parties hereto absent manifest error caused by the Accountant.  The final, binding and conclusive Adjustment Amount based either upon agreement by the parties hereto or deemed agreement by Buyer and Seller or determination of the Accountant in accordance with this   Section 2.06(d)   will be the "  Conclusive Adjustment Amount  ." The Accountant shall act as an expert, not as an arbitrator, and shall decide only the specific unresolved Disputed Items submitted by Seller and Buyer pursuant to this   Section 2.06(d)  .   

(e)     On the Closing Date, a portion of the Base Purchase Price equal to the Adjustment Escrow Amount shall be paid by Buyer to the Escrow Agent, in immediately available United States funds by certified wire transfer to an account (the "  Adjustment Amount Escrow Account  ") designated by the Escrow Agent to be held in escrow pending determination of the Conclusive Adjustment Amount.  The Adjustment Escrow Amount shall be held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to an Adjustment Amount Escrow Agreement to be entered into on the Closing Date by Buyer, Seller and the Escrow Agent (the "  Adjustment Amount Escrow Agreement  ").  The Adjustment Escrow Amount shall be held and invested by the Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms of the Adjustment Amount Escrow Agreement. If the Conclusive Adjustment Amount is less than the Estimated Adjustment Amount, then the Closing Purchase Price shall be adjusted downward by the amount of such shortfall, and (i) Buyer and Seller shall immediately deliver a joint written instruction to the Escrow Agent instructing the Escrow Agent to disburse to Buyer from the Adjustment Amount Escrow Account an amount in cash equal to such shortfall by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated in writing by Buyer (with any remaining amounts in the Adjustment Amount Escrow Account to be distributed to Seller), and (ii) if such amount exceeds the Adjustment Amount Escrow Account, Seller shall pay or cause to be paid an amount in cash equal to such excess shortfall to Buyer by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated in writing by Buyer to Seller.  If the Conclusive Adjustment Amount is greater than the Estimated Adjustment Amount, then the Closing Purchase Price will be adjusted upward by the amount of such excess, and (i) Buyer and Seller shall immediately deliver a joint written instruction to the Escrow Agent instructing the Escrow Agent to disburse to Seller or its designee from the Adjustment Amount Escrow Account the balance of the Adjustment Amount Escrow Account, together with any interest earned, and (ii) Buyer shall pay or cause to be paid an amount in cash equal to such excess to Seller or its designee by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated in writing by Seller to Buyer;   provided  ,    however  , Buyer may, in its sole discretion, elect to collect such excess amount from the Indemnity Escrow Account.  Any payment under this   Section 2.06(e)   is to be made within five  

16 

(5) Business Days of the date on which the Conclusive Adjustment Amount is finally determined pursuant to this Section 2.06. 

Section 2.07       Allocation of Purchase Price  . Within 180 days of the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a schedule allocating the Closing Purchase Price (including any Assumed Liabilities treated as consideration for the Purchased Assets for Tax purposes) (the "  Allocation Schedule  "). The Allocation Schedule shall be prepared in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code. The Allocation Schedule shall be deemed final unless Seller notifies Buyer in writing that Seller objects to one or more items reflected in the Allocation Schedule within thirty (30) days after delivery of the Allocation Schedule to Seller. In the event of any such objection, Seller and Buyer shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such dispute; provided, however, that if Seller and Buyer are unable to resolve any dispute with respect to the Allocation Schedule within thirty (30) days after Seller delivered to Buyer Seller's objection to the Allocation Schedule, such dispute shall be resolved by an impartial nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants mutually appointed by Buyer and Seller. The fees and expenses of such accounting firm shall be borne by Seller and Buyer in equal shares. Seller and Buyer agree to file their respective IRS Forms 8594 and all federal, state and local Tax Returns in accordance with the Allocation Schedule. 

Section 2.08       Non-assignable Assets  . 

(a)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, and subject to the provisions of this   Section 2.08  , to the extent that the sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery, or attempted sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery, to Buyer of any Purchased Asset would result in a violation of applicable Law, or would require the consent, authorization, approval or waiver of a Person who is not a party to this Agreement or a Subsidiary of a party to this Agreement (including any Governmental Authority), and such consent, authorization, approval or waiver shall not have been obtained prior to the Closing, this Agreement shall not constitute a sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery, or an attempted sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery, of such Purchased Asset; provided, however, that, the Closing shall occur notwithstanding the foregoing without any adjustment to the Closing Purchase Price on account thereof. Following the Closing, Seller and Buyer shall, and Seller shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts, and shall cooperate with each other, to obtain any such required consent, authorization, approval or waiver, or any release, substitution or amendment required to novate all Liabilities under any and all Assigned Contracts or other Liabilities that constitute Assumed Liabilities; provided, however, that neither Seller (nor any of its Subsidiaries) nor Buyer shall be required to pay any consideration therefor. Once such consent, authorization, approval, waiver, release, substitution or amendment is obtained, Seller or its applicable Subsidiary shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer the relevant Purchased Asset to which such consent, authorization, approval, waiver, release, substitution or amendment relates for no additional consideration. Applicable sales, transfer and other similar Taxes in connection with such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or license shall be paid by Buyer in accordance with   Section 6.05  . 

(b)     To the extent that any Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability cannot be transferred to Buyer following the Closing pursuant to this Section 2.08, Buyer and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts, and Seller shall cause its Subsidiaries to use their  

17 

commercially reasonable efforts, to enter into such arrangements (such as subleasing, sublicensing or subcontracting) to provide to the parties the economic and, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, operational equivalent of the transfer of such Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability to Buyer as of the Closing and the performance by Buyer of its obligations with respect thereto. Buyer shall, as agent or subcontractor for Seller (or its applicable Subsidiary), pay, perform and discharge fully the Liabilities of Seller (or its applicable Subsidiary) thereunder. To the extent permitted under applicable Law, Seller shall, at Buyer's expense, hold in trust for and pay to Buyer promptly upon receipt thereof, such Purchased Asset and all income, proceeds and other monies received by Seller to the extent related to such Purchased Asset in connection with the arrangements under this   Section 2.08  . Seller shall be permitted to set off against such amounts all direct costs associated with the retention and maintenance of such Purchased Assets. 

Section 2.09       Indemnification Escrow  .  Buyer will pay to the Escrow Agent the amount of five percent (5%) of the Base Purchase Price (the "  Indemnification Escrow Amount  "), in immediately available United States funds by certified wire transfer to an account (the "  Indemnity Escrow Account  ") designated by the Escrow Agent.  Subject to   Section 7.07  , the Indemnification Escrow Amount shall be used to fund the amount of any indemnification obligations of Seller pursuant to   Article VII  .  The Indemnification Escrow Amount shall be held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to an Indemnification Escrow Agreement to be entered into on the Closing Date by Buyer, Seller and the Escrow Agent (the "  Indemnification Escrow Agreement  "). On the General Survival Date, the Parties shall execute and deliver to the Escrow Agent joint written instructions (in accordance with the Escrow Agreement) to pay to Seller or its designee any funds remaining in the Indemnity Escrow Account as of such date, other than any amounts (estimated by Buyer in good faith) that are set forth in a notice delivered by Buyer to Seller prior to the General Survival Date setting forth a claim for indemnification to which Buyer reasonably believes it is entitled under   Section 7.01   and setting forth in reasonable detail the factual basis of the claim. 

ARTICLE III 

CLOSING 

Section 3.01       Closing  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "  Closing  ") shall take place at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher   Flom LLP, 1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 6800, Houston, Texas 77002 on the date hereof (the "  Closing Date  ").  The Closing shall be effective as of at 12:01 a.m., local time, on the Closing Date. 

Section 3.02       Closing Deliverables  . 

(a)     At the Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause its applicable Subsidiaries to, deliver to Buyer the following: 

(i)     counterparts to customary instruments of transfer, assumption, filings or documents, each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Seller and Buyer, as Seller and Buyer mutually agree are reasonably necessary or  

18 

appropriate to effect the transfer of the Purchased Assets (other than the Explosives Assets, the Radio Assets and the Radioactive Assets) or the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities pursuant to this Agreement (each an "  Instrument of Transfer  "), in each case duly executed by Seller and any applicable Subsidiary; 

(ii)     all consents, authorizations, orders and approvals from the Governmental Authorities and other Persons referred to in   Section 4.03  , each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer; 

(iii)     duly executed counterparts to each of the Transaction Documents (other than this Agreement); 

(iv)     a certificate, duly executed by Seller and its applicable Subsidiaries, that complies with Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-2(b)(2) of the Code; 

(v)     the Texas Statement of Occasional Sale (Form 01-917) executed by Seller and its applicable Subsidiaries, each as more fully described in   Section 6.05(a)   herein; 

(vi)     a landlord estoppel certificate with respect to each of the Real Property Leases, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, dated as of the Closing Date, and evidencing that there are no material claims by such landlord against Seller or its Subsidiary, as applicable (each a "  Landlord Estoppel Certificate  "), in each case duly executed by such landlord; 

(vii)     the new surveys or updates of existing surveys described in   Section 6.11   herein; and 

(viii)     a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Seller certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of managers of the Managing Member of Seller authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all of the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

(b)     At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following: 

(i)     the Closing Purchase Price (less the Funded Debt to be paid directly to the lender(s) to release the Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on the Purchased Assets and the Escrow Amount) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account(s) designated by Seller; 

(ii)     evidence that the Escrow Amount has been delivered to the Escrow Agent in accordance with   Sections 2.06(e)   and   2.09  ; 

19 

(iii)     all consents, authorizations, orders and approvals from the Governmental Authorities and other Persons referred to in   Section 5.03  , each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Seller; 

(iv)     duly executed counterparts to each of the Transaction Documents (other than this Agreement); and 

(v)     a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Buyer certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of managers of Buyer authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all of the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

Section 3.03       Explosives Assets; Radio Assets; Radioactive Assets  . 

(a)     As soon as practicable after Buyer's receipt of the Explosives Permit, Seller shall deliver to Buyer (at no cost to Buyer) all Instruments of Transfer as Seller and Buyer mutually agree are reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect the transfer of the Explosives Assets to Buyer, in each case duly executed by Seller and any applicable Subsidiary. 

(b)     As soon as practicable after Buyer's receipt of the Radio Permit, Seller shall deliver to Buyer (at no cost to Buyer) all Instruments of Transfer as Seller and Buyer mutually agree are reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect the transfer of the Radio Assets to Buyer, in each case duly executed by Seller and any applicable Subsidiary. 

(c)     As soon as practicable after Buyer's receipt of the Radioactive Permits, Seller shall deliver to Buyer  (at no cost to Buyer) all Instruments of Transfer as Seller and Buyer mutually agree are reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect the transfer of the Radioactive Assets to Buyer, in each case duly executed by Seller and any applicable Subsidiary. 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 

Except as set forth in the Seller Disclosure Schedules, Seller represents and warrants to Buyer as follows: 

Section 4.01       Organization and Qualification of Seller  .  Seller is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the state of Delaware and has all necessary entity power and authority to own, operate or lease the properties and assets now owned, operated or leased by it and to carry on the Business as currently conducted. Seller and each of its Subsidiaries is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the ownership of the Purchased Assets or the operation of the Business as currently conducted makes such licensing or qualification necessary. 

20 

Section 4.02       Authority of Seller  .  Seller has all necessary limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Seller is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including the power and authority to cause its Subsidiaries to take the actions contemplated under this Agreement). The execution and delivery by Seller of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which Seller is a party, the performance by Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite entity action on the part of Seller. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Seller, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Buyer) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). When each other Transaction Document to which Seller is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered by Seller (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto), such Transaction Document will constitute a legal and binding obligation of Seller enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). 

Section 4.03       No Conflicts; Consents  .  The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation or breach of any provision of the certificate of formation, operating agreement or any other organizational document of Seller; (b) result in a material violation or breach of any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or the Business; or (c) conflict with, result in a violation or breach of, constitute a default under or result in the acceleration of any Material Contract in any material respects. No consent, approval, Permit, Governmental Order, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required by or with respect to Seller or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except for any such consent, approval, Permit, Governmental Order, declaration, filing or notice that has been obtained or made or is not material to the operation of the Business. 

Section 4.04      Financial Statements  .  Copies of the audited balance sheet of Seller and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of January 31, 2016 and the related statements of income and retained earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flow for the year then ended (the "  Audited Financial Statements  "), and the unaudited balance sheet of Seller and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of April 30, 2016 and the related statements of income and retained earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flow for the three-month period then ended (the "  Interim Financial Statements  " and together with the Audited Financial Statements, the "  Financial Statements  ") have been delivered or made available to Buyer. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the period involved, subject, in the case of the Interim Financial Statements, to normal and recurring year- 

21 

end adjustments and the absence of notes. The Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Seller and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of the respective dates they were prepared and the results of the operations of Seller and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) for the periods indicated. The balance sheet of Seller and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of January 31, 2016 is referred to herein as the "  Balance Sheet  " and the date thereof as the "  Balance Sheet Date  " and the balance sheet of Seller and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of April 30, 2016 is referred to herein as the "  Interim Balance Sheet  " and the date thereof as the "  Interim Balance Sheet Date  ". 

Section 4.05       Absence of Certain Changes, Events and Conditions  .  Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, from the Balance Sheet Date until the date of this Agreement, (a) Seller and its Subsidiaries have operated the Business in the ordinary course of business in all material respects and (b) there has not been, with respect to the Business, any event, occurrence or development that has had a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 4.06       Material Contracts  . 

(a)       Section 4.06(a)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules sets forth, by applicable subsection, a correct and complete list of the following Contracts to which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the Purchased Assets is bound, as of the date of this Agreement (together with all Real Property Leases listed in Section 4.09(b) of the Seller Disclosure Schedules collectively, the "  Material Contracts  "): (i) Contracts evidencing or governing indebtedness; (ii) Contracts creating an Encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance) on any Purchased Asset; (iii) guarantees, letters of credit and surety arrangements, including the Seller Guarantees; (iv) Contracts that materially restrict Seller or any of its Subsidiaries from conducting the Business; (v) Contracts with customers and suppliers of the Business under which aggregate consideration in excess of $750,000 has been paid to or by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries during the twelve months prior to the date hereof; (vi) Contracts that grant any Person an option, right of first refusal or preferential right to purchase any of the Purchased Assets; (vii) Contracts constituting Intellectual Property Agreements (other than readily commercially available hardware or software program licenses and Contracts in which the grant of rights to Intellectual Property is merely incidental); (viii) Contracts that require the payment of royalties, commissions or finder's fees; (ix) Contracts with Governmental Authorities; and (x) Contracts which (whether or not required to be disclosed under any of the other clauses of this Section 4.06(a)) are material to Seller or the Business and provide for aggregate payments during the twelve months prior to the date hereof in excess of $750,000. 

(b)     True, correct and complete copies of such Material Contracts have been delivered to or made available for inspection by Buyer.  All such Material Contracts (i) were duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and the other parties thereto; and (ii) are valid and in full force and effect. No event of default or event that, but for the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default exists or, upon the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will exist under any Material Contract. 

22 

Section 4.07       Title to Tangible Personal Property  .  Seller or one or more of its Subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, the Purchased Assets (other than (a) the Real Property, which representations and warranties are set forth in   Section 4.09   below), free and clear of Encumbrances except for Permitted Encumbrances. 

Section 4.08       Sufficiency of Assets  .  The Purchased Assets and the Excluded Assets constitute all of the material rights, property and assets used by Seller and its Subsidiaries to conduct the Business as currently conducted. 

Section 4.09       Real Property  . 

(a)       Section 4.09(a)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of all real property owned by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "  Owned Real Property  ").  With respect to the Owned Real Property: 

(i)     Seller or one or more of its Subsidiaries has good, marketable and valid fee simple title to the Owned Real Property, free and clear of all Encumbrances, except Permitted Encumbrances; 

(ii)     Seller has, prior to the date hereof, delivered to Buyer copies of all deeds vesting title to the Owned Real Property into Seller or its Subsidiaries and any existing title policies, title commitments, title reports and surveys currently in Seller's possession or control with respect to the Owned Real Property; 

(iii)     There are no outstanding rights, options, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer, conditional sales or similar rights or agreements to purchase or otherwise acquire any of the Owned Real Property, or any portion thereof or interest therein; 

(iv)     Such Owned Real Property is in compliance with the terms of any restrictive covenants and easements to which such Owned Real Property is subject; and 

(v)     Neither Seller nor, to Seller's Knowledge, any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any condemnation Proceeding or any pending Proceeding to change or redefine the zoning classification of all of any portion of such Owned Real Property. 

(b)       Section 4.09(b)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each lease to which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as a lessee for real property (each, a "  Real Property Lease  " and such real property the "  Leased Real Property  "). Seller has, prior to the date hereof, made available to Buyer complete and accurate copies of each Real Property Lease (including all amendments, modifications and supplements thereto). With respect to each Real Property Lease, except as set forth in   Section 4.09(b)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules, as of the date of this Agreement: 

23 

(i)     Seller or its Subsidiary that is a party to such Real Property Lease holds a valid, subsisting and enforceable leasehold interest under such Real Property Lease, and such Real Property Lease is legal, valid and binding on Seller or its Subsidiary that is a party to such Real Property Lease, in all cases subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratoria, or similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditor's rights generally or to general principles of equity; 

(ii)     Such Real Property Lease is in full force and effect, without any material default thereof by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or, to Seller's Knowledge, any other party thereto, and no termination, condition or other event by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or, to Seller's Knowledge, any other party thereto, has occurred which (whether with or without notice, lapse of time or the happening or occurrence of any other event) would constitute a material default thereunder; and 

(iii)     Neither Seller nor, to Seller's Knowledge, any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any condemnation Proceedings relating to the Leased Real Property. 

(c)     Neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries leases, subleases or otherwise permits the occupancy by any third party of all or any portion of the Real Property, and there are no Persons in possession of any of the Real Property other than Seller and its Subsidiaries. 

(d)     The Real Property constitutes all of the land, buildings, structures, improvements, fixtures or other interests and rights in real property that are used or occupied by Seller and its Subsidiaries in connection with the Business. 

(e)     Each parcel of Real Property abuts on and has direct vehicular access to a public road or has access to a public road via a permanent, irrevocable, appurtenant easement benefiting such Real Property, is supplied with public or quasi-public utilities appropriate for the operation of the Business. 

(f)     To Seller's Knowledge, no part of any building, structure, fixture or other improvement located on the Real Property encroaches on any other real property and there are no buildings, structures, fixtures or other improvements primarily situated on any adjoining property which encroach on the Real Property. 

Section 4.10       Intellectual Property  . 

(a)       Section 4.10(a)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules lists all of the following included in the Intellectual Property Assets: (i) issued patents and patent applications, (ii) trademark registrations and applications, (iii) copyright registrations and applications and (iv) internet domain name registrations (collectively, "  Intellectual Property Registrations  "). 

(b)     (i) The conduct of the Business as currently conducted does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property of any Person in any material respect and, as of the date hereof, there is no such claim pending or, to Seller's Knowledge, threatened in writing against Seller or any of its Subsidiaries; and (ii) to Seller's  

24 

Knowledge no Person is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating any Intellectual Property Assets in any material respect, and no such claims are pending or threatened in writing against any Person by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this   Section 4.10(b)   constitutes the sole representation and warranty of Seller under this Agreement with respect to any actual or alleged infringement, misappropriation or other violation by Seller of any Intellectual Property of any other Person. 

Section 4.11       Legal Proceedings; Governmental Orders  . 

(a)     There are no Proceedings pending or, to Seller's Knowledge, threatened against or by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries relating to or affecting the Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities. 

(b)     To Seller's Knowledge, there are no outstanding Governmental Orders and no unsatisfied judgments, penalties or awards against or affecting the Business or the Purchased Assets. 

Section 4.12       Permits  .    Section 4.12   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules sets forth a list of all material Permits (other than Environmental Permits) currently held by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the ownership and operation of the Business, each of which is valid and in full force and effect.  Seller currently holds all Permits necessary to carry on the Business. 

Section 4.13       Environmental Matters  . 

(a)     The operations of Seller with respect to the Business and the Purchased Assets are and have been for the preceding four (4) years in compliance with all Environmental Laws in all material respects and, neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Authority or other Person, with respect to the Business or the Purchased Assets, any written notice of an Environmental Claim which, in each case, either remains pending or unresolved, or is the source of ongoing material Liabilities or requirements as of the Closing Date. 

(b)     Seller or one or more of its Subsidiaries, as required, possesses and is in compliance in all material respects with the terms of all Environmental Permits, all of which are in full force and effect and none of which is the subject of any termination, revocation, or materially adverse amendment or modification processes. 

(c)     To the Seller's Knowledge there has been no Release or presence of Hazardous Materials in violation of or that would form the basis of Liability under Environmental Law with respect to the Business or the Purchased Assets which would reasonably be expected to result in a material Environmental Claim against, or a violation of Environmental Law or term of any Environmental Permit by, Seller or any of its Subsidiaries, or in connection with the Business. 

(d)     Seller has made available to Buyer prior to the date of this Agreement all Phase I and Phase II reports, material environmental audits, and other material environmental information in the possession or control of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries with  

25 

respect to the Real Property or the Business; provided that Seller makes no representation or warranty with respect to the completeness or accuracy of such documents. 

(e)     To Seller's Knowledge, there is no presently existing Environmental Law that will require future compliance or capital costs in connection with the Business in excess of $100,000 above costs currently expended by Seller in the ordinary course of business on an annual basis. 

(f)     The representations and warranties set forth in this   Section 4.13   are Seller's sole and exclusive representations and warranties regarding environmental matters. 

Section 4.14       Employee Matters  . 

(a)       Certain Employee Information  .     Section 4.14(a)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules lists as to each Person employed by Seller or its Subsidiaries ("  Business Employees  ") as of the date of this Agreement: name, date of hire/rehire, current job title, compensation, sick time accrual, personal day accrual and vacation accrual. 

(b)       Employee Plans  .    Section 4.14(b)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules lists each material Employee Plan maintained or contributed to by Seller with respect to the Business Employees, or otherwise participated in by the Business Employees.  "  Employee Plan  " means: 

(i)     each employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("  ERISA  ")), including any pension, profit-sharing, retirement, thrift, or stock purchase plan; 

(ii)     each employee welfare benefit plan (as such term is defined in ERISA  3(3)); and 

(iii)     each material bonus, incentive compensation, stock purchase, stock option, severance or other employee benefit plan or agreement (including each employment, severance and retention agreement), sponsored, maintained, or contributed to with respect to any employee of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries by or on behalf of Seller or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which Seller or any ERISA Affiliate is a party or has any liability, but only to the extent that such plan covers or provides compensation or benefits with respect to any Business Employees.  "  ERISA Affiliate  " means each trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that together with Seller is treated as a single employer pursuant to   414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. 

(c)       Cessation of Participation  .  Except as set forth in   Section 4.14(c)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules, the Hired Employees will cease to participate in the Employee Plans effective as of the close of business on the Closing Date, and on or after the Closing Date neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates has any Liability with respect to any Employee Plan as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

26 

(d)       Other Employment Related Matters  .  Neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement.  Solely with respect to the Business Employees, except as set forth in   Section 4.14(d)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules: (i) there is no labor strike, walkout or lockout pending or, to Seller's Knowledge, threatened in writing against Seller or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) to Seller's Knowledge, there is no pending union organizing campaign and no labor union has made a pending written demand for recognition or certification; and (iii) Seller and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws that relate to employment, equal employment opportunity, wages, hours, leaves, workers' compensation, disability, immigration, collective bargaining, contractors and temporary employees, other employment terms and conditions and plant closings and layoffs. 

(e)     Neither the Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate that is a Subsidiary of Seller currently has, or has during the preceding six (6) years had, any Liability (including any contingent liability under Section 4204 of ERISA) with respect to (i) any defined benefit plan, as described in Section 3(35) of ERISA, (ii) any multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, or (iii) any Employee Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code. 

(f)     Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the Closing will: (i) entitle any Person to any payment, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, or increase in benefits under or with respect to any Employee Plan, or (ii) otherwise trigger any acceleration of vesting or payment of benefits under or with respect to any Employee Plan. 

(g)     No Employee Plan that is an employee welfare benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA) provides for continuing benefits or coverage for any participant or beneficiary of a participant after such participant's termination of employment, except to the extent required by Law; and there has been no violation of Section 4980B of the Code or Sections 601-608 of ERISA by Seller with respect to any such Employee Plan. 

(h)     With respect to the Seller 401(k) Plan: 

(i)     The Seller has provided or made available to Buyer correct and complete copies of the following documents relating to the Seller 401(k) Plan: (i) the plan document, (ii) all amendments thereto, (iii) any trust instruments or insurance contracts, if any, forming a part thereof, (iv) the most recent determination letter (or opinion letter for any prototype plan) issued by the IRS with respect to such plan, and (v) the most recent annual report on Form 5500 (including all exhibits and attachments thereto). 

(ii)     The Seller 401(k) Plan has been timely amended to comply with changes in applicable law and regulatory guidance and the Seller (or one of its Affiliates) has obtained a favorable determination letter from the IRS to such effect or the plan is maintained pursuant to a prototype plan document that has a favorable opinion letter from the IRS, and such determination letter or opinion letter, as applicable, has not been revoked by the IRS, nor has the IRS given any indication to the Seller (or any of its Affiliates) that it intends to revoke any such determination letter or opinion letter or that could not give rise to Liability of Buyer or its Affiliates.  

27 

(iii)     The Seller 401(k) Plan has been maintained in all material respects in accordance with its terms, and conforms to, and its administration is in compliance in all material respects with, all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, ERISA and the Code.  There have been no "prohibited transactions" (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Code Section 4975) with respect to the Seller 401(k) Plan, other than any such transactions that are covered by a statutory or administrative exemption. 

(iv)     All contributions to, and payments from, the Seller 401(k) Plan required to have been made by the Seller or its Affiliates with respect to any period ending on or before the Closing Date, have been timely made or, to the extent applicable, are properly accrued on the Financial Statements. 

Section 4.15       Taxes  . 

(a)     Seller and its Subsidiaries have filed (taking into account any valid extensions) all material Tax Returns with respect to the Business or the Purchased Assets required to be filed by Seller and all such Tax Returns are correct and complete in all material respects. Seller and its Subsidiaries have paid material all Taxes with respect to the Business  due and owing, except for Taxes that are being contested by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries in good faith by appropriate Proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been made. None of the Purchased Assets is subject to any Encumbrances arising in connection with any failure or alleged failure to pay any Taxes, except Permitted Encumbrances.  Neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is currently the beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return other than extensions of time to file Tax Returns obtained in the ordinary course of business.  Seller and its Subsidiaries have withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder, or other third party.  

(b)     Except for certain representations related to Taxes in   Section 4.14(d)  , the representations and warranties set forth in this   Section 4.15   are Seller's sole and exclusive representations and warranties regarding Tax matters. 

Section 4.16       Compliance with Laws  .  Seller is not in default in any material respects under any applicable Laws (excluding Environmental Laws). Each of the Purchased Assets complies in all material respects with all Laws and Permits applicable thereto. 

Section 4.17       Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities  .  Seller has not incurred any Liabilities (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of any nature, except Liabilities (a) which are accrued on or reserved against the Financial Statements or reflected in the notes thereto, or (b) which were incurred after the Balance Sheet Date and were incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices.   

Section 4.18       No Affiliate Transactions  .  There are no Contracts between Seller or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of Seller, on the other hand. 

Section 4.19       Brokers  .  Neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any Contract with any Person that would require the payment by Buyer or any of its Affiliates of   

28 

any brokerage fee, finder's fee, or other commission or similar fee in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 4.20       Reasonably Equivalent Value  .  The transfers and/or conveyances of property effected under this Agreement have not been made or incurred with any actual intent to hinder, delay, or defraud any Person to whom Seller currently owes any obligation of any kind or character or to whom Seller is currently indebted or, alternatively, any Person to whom Seller may in the future become indebted or obligated in any way. The transfers in this Agreement are in exchange for the receipt by Seller of a reasonably equivalent value. 

Section 4.21       DISCLAIMERS  .  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES IN THIS   ARTICLE IV   (WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO THE DISCLOSURES SET FORTH IN THE SELLER DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES), NEITHER SELLER NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OF THEM HAS MADE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER AS TO THE PURCHASED ASSETS, THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES, OR ANY ASPECT OF THE BUSINESS, OR THE LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF OR RELATED TO THE PURCHASED ASSETS, THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES, OR ANY ASPECT OF THE BUSINESS.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EXCEPT AS TO THOSE MATTERS EXPRESSLY COVERED BY THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES IN THE FOREGOING SECTIONS OF THIS   ARTICLE IV  :  (a) SELLER DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND GUARANTEES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IN THIS DISCLAIMER ANY STATEMENT, MATERIALS, PROJECTION OR OTHER INFORMATION WHATSOEVER RELATING TO ANY ASPECT OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS, THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES OR ANY ASPECT OF THE BUSINESS, OR THAT WAS MADE OR PROVIDED BY OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED FROM (WHETHER THROUGH A DATA ROOM, A MANAGEMENT PRESENTATION, EMPLOYEE INTERVIEWS OR OTHERWISE) SELLER, OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OF THEM TO OR BY BUYER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OF THEM OR ANY OTHER PERSON; AND (b) THE PURCHASED ASSETS, ASSUMED LIABILITIES AND ALL PROPERTY CONVEYED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) OR THE TRANSFER DOCUMENTS DELIVERED AT CLOSING BY SELLER AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE CONVEYED ON AN "AS IS" AND "WHERE IS/WHERE AS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS AND WITHOUT ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING IN THIS EXCLUSION ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OPERABILITY, CAPACITY OR CONDITION. 

ARTICLE V 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 

Except as set forth in the Buyer Disclosure Schedules, Buyer represents and warrants as of the date hereof as follows: 

29 

Section 5.01       Organization and Qualification of Buyer  .  Buyer is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the state of Delaware. 

Section 5.02       Authority of Buyer  .  Buyer has all necessary limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Buyer is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which Buyer is a party, the performance by Buyer of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite limited liability company action on the part of Buyer. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Seller) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). When each other Transaction Document to which Buyer is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party thereto), such Transaction Document will constitute a legal and binding obligation of Buyer enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). 

Section 5.03       No Conflicts; Consents  .  The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation or breach of any provision of the organizational documents of Buyer; (b) result in a material violation or breach of any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to Buyer; or (c) conflict with, result in a violation or breach of, constitute a default under or result in the acceleration of any agreement to which Buyer is a party in any material respects. No consent, approval, Permit, Governmental Order, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required by or with respect to Buyer in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except for any such consent, approval, Permit, Governmental Order, declaration, filing or notice that has been obtained or made or would not have a material adverse effect on Buyer's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

Section 5.04       Brokers  .  Neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any Contract with any Person that would require the payment by Seller or any of its Affiliates of any brokerage fee, finder's fee, or other commission or similar fee in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 5.05       Sufficiency of Funds  .  Buyer has available sufficient funds to enable Buyer to pay the Closing Purchase Price (and any upward adjustments thereto) and meet  

30 

all of its financial obligations contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 5.06       Solvency  .  Immediately after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer shall be solvent and shall: (a) be able to pay its debts as they become due; (b) own property that has a fair saleable value greater than the amounts required to pay its debts (including a reasonable estimate of the amount of all contingent liabilities) as they become due; and (c) have adequate capital to carry on its business.  No transfer of property is being made and no obligation is being incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of Buyer. In connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer has not incurred, nor plans to incur, debts beyond its ability to pay as they become absolute and matured. 

Section 5.07       Legal Proceedings  .  There are no Proceedings pending or, to Buyer's knowledge, threatened against or by Buyer or any Affiliate of Buyer that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Section 5.08       Independent Investigation  .  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that it (a) has made its own inquiry and investigation into, and, based thereon, has formed an independent judgment concerning the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities and the Business and (b) has been furnished with or given adequate access to such information about the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities and the Business as it has requested.  Buyer further acknowledges and agrees that (i) the only representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made by Seller or any of its Affiliates or Representatives are the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made in this Agreement, (ii) except as set forth in   Article IV  , none of Seller, Seller's Affiliates nor any of their respective Representatives makes any other representation or warranty of any kind or nature whatsoever, oral or written, express or implied, with respect to Seller, the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Business, this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby), including representations, warranties, covenants and agreements relating to the financial condition, results of operations, assets or liabilities of any of the foregoing entities and (iii) none of Seller, Seller's Affiliates nor any of their respective Representatives makes any representation or warranty as to (A) the operation of the Business by Buyer after the Closing in any manner or (B) the probable success or profitability of the Business (whether before or after the Closing).  Except for the representations and warranties contained in   Article IV  , neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates has relied upon any other representations or warranties or any other information made or supplied by or on behalf of Seller or any of its Affiliates or Representatives, and Buyer acknowledges and agrees that none of Seller or its Affiliates or Representatives has any liability or responsibility for any other representation, warranty, opinion, projection, forecast, advice, statement or information made, communicated or furnished (orally or in writing) to Buyer, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives (including any opinion, projection, forecast, advice, statement or information that may have been or may be provided to Buyer by any Affiliate or Representative of Buyer). 

Section 5.09       Representation and Warranty Insurance  . Buyer has purchased an insurance policy insuring the representations and warranties of Seller contained in   Article IV    

31 

hereof (the "  Representation and Warranty Policy  "), a true, correct and complete copy of which is attached hereto as   Schedule 5.09  . 

ARTICLE VI 

COVENANTS 

Section 6.01       Certain Employee Matters  . 

(a)       Continued Employment  .  On the date hereof, Buyer will (subject to satisfaction of Buyer's standard hiring policies) make a written offer to employ, in compliance with the requirements of this   Section 6.01  , (i) for a period commencing on the Closing, each Closing Employee identified to Seller in writing no less than two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof and (ii) for a period commencing on the expiration or termination of the Transition Services Agreement with respect to the Contract Services (as defined in the Transition Services Agreement) (such date, the "  TSA Transfer Date  "), each Retained Employee identified to Seller in writing no less than two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof (each Closing Employee and Retained Employee who accepts such an offer, respectively, a "  Closing Transferee  " or "  TSA Transferee  " and, collectively, the "  Hired Employees  " and the date of commencement of employment with Buyer of each Hired Employee, respectively the "  Employment Transfer Date  "); provided that Buyer shall make offers of employment to a sufficient number of Closing Employees and Retained Employees so as not to trigger notice obligations or Liabilities under the WARN Act. The Closing Employees and Retained Employees shall have not less than four (4) Business Days to accept or reject such offers in writing.     

(b)     Except for those items set forth on   Section 2.03   of the Buyer Disclosure Schedules or as otherwise included in the Adjustment Amount, Seller and its Subsidiaries shall be solely responsible, and Buyer shall have no obligations whatsoever for, any compensation, severance or other amounts payable to any Business Employee, including, without limitation, hourly pay, commission, bonus, salary, fringe, pension or profit sharing benefits or severance pay for any period relating to the service with Seller or its Subsidiaries at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, in the case of Closing Employees, or the TSA Transfer Date, in the case of Retained Employees, and, to the extent not reflected in the Adjustment Amount, Seller shall pay all such amounts to all entitled persons on or prior to the Closing Date or the TSA Transfer Date, as the case may be. 

(c)     Except with respect to claims for health flexible spending accounts and dependent flexible spending accounts that have been transferred to Buyer as described in (h) below, Seller and its Subsidiaries shall remain solely responsible for the satisfaction of all claims for medical, dental, life insurance, health accident or disability benefits brought by or in respect of the Business Employees or the spouses, dependents or beneficiaries thereof, which claims relate to events occurring on or prior to the Closing Date, in the case of Closing Employees, or the TSA Transfer Date, in the case of Retained Employees. Seller also shall remain solely responsible for all workers' compensation claims of the Business Employees which relate to events occurring on or prior to the Closing Date, in the case of Closing Employees, or the TSA Transfer Date, in the case of Retained Employees. 

32 

(d)     [Intentionally omitted.] 

(e)       Service Credit  .  Buyer will give each Hired Employee full credit for such Hired Employee's service with Seller and its Subsidiaries for purposes of eligibility, vesting, and determination of the amount and level of benefits (except for purposes of benefit accruals under defined benefit pension plans) pursuant to any benefit plans made generally available to employees or officers or any class or level of employees or officers maintained by Buyer or any of its Affiliates in which a Hired Employee participates to the same extent recognized by Seller immediately before the applicable Employment Transfer Date; provided, however, that such service is not to be recognized to the extent that such recognition would result in a duplication of benefits with respect to the same period of service. 

(f)       Welfare Benefits  .  Buyer will use reasonable best efforts to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations otherwise applicable to Hired Employees, their spouses and their eligible dependents under any plan of Buyer or any Affiliate of Buyer that provides health and welfare benefits in which Hired Employees, their spouses and their eligible dependents may be eligible to participate on or after the applicable Employment Transfer Date, except for any limitations that were in effect with respect to such employees as of the applicable Employment Transfer Date under the analogous plan of Seller and its Subsidiaries, (ii) credit any deductible, co-payment and out-of-pocket maximums incurred by the Hired Employees and their eligible dependents under the health and other plans in which they participated immediately before the applicable Employment Transfer Date during the portion of the calendar year before the applicable Employment Transfer Date in satisfying any deductibles, co-payments or out-of-pocket maximums under health plans of Buyer or any of its Affiliates in which they are eligible to participate on or after the applicable Employment Transfer Date in the same plan year in which such deductibles, co-payments or out-of-pocket maximums were incurred, and (iii) waive any waiting period limitation or evidence of insurability requirement that would otherwise be applicable to a Hired Employee and his or her eligible dependents on or after the applicable Employment Transfer Date to the extent such Hired Employee or eligible dependent had satisfied any similar limitation or requirement under an analogous plan of Seller before the applicable Employment Transfer Date.  No later than thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, Seller shall provide or cause to be provided to Buyer a report that provides each Closing Transferee's co-payments, deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses paid under the Employee Plans through the Closing Date, and no later than thirty (30) days following the TSA Transfer Date, Seller shall provide or cause to be provided to Buyer a report that provides each TSA Transferee's co-payments, deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses paid under the Employee Plans through the TSA Transfer Date. 

(g)       401(k) Plan  .  Effective not later than the Closing Date, Buyer shall maintain or designate a defined contribution plan and related trust intended to be qualified under Sections 401(a), 401(k) and 501(a) of the Code (the "  Buyer 401(k) Plan  ").  Effective as of the applicable Employment Transfer Date, each Hired Employee shall cease participation in the Seller 401(k) Plan and, subject to the provisions of   Section 6.01(e)  , be eligible to participate in the Buyer 401(k) Plan.  As soon as practicable following the applicable Employment Transfer Date, Seller shall cause any and all accounts of Hired Employees under the Seller 401(k) Plan, and the value of the assets attributable to such accounts, to be transferred to the Buyer 401(k) Plan in accordance with Section 414(l) of the Code.  The assets to be transferred shall be in the  

33 

form of cash and, to the extent of plan loans, promissory notes.  The Buyer shall cause the administrator of, and the trustee of the trust established under, the Buyer 401(k) Plan to accept such transfer.  Prior to the transfer, Seller and Buyer or their respective Affiliates shall notify the Internal Revenue Service of the transfer by timely filing Forms 5310-A, to the extent such filings are required.  Upon such transfer, the Buyer 401(k) Plan shall assume all liabilities and obligations whatsoever with respect to all accounts transferred from the Seller 401(k) Plan to the Buyer 401(k) Plan in respect of each respective Hired Employee and each of Seller and its Affiliates and the Seller 401(k) Plan shall be relieved of all such liabilities and obligations.  Following an applicable Employment Transfer Date and before the transfer of respective plan account assets and liabilities as provided in this subsection (g), Buyer shall cooperate with Seller to ensure the continued servicing of any plan loan of a Hired Employee under the Seller 401(k) Plan through continued payroll deductions or direct loan payments to the Seller 401(k) Plan, as applicable.  Notwithstanding the preceding, if there are more than two Employment Transfer Dates, the Buyer and the Buyer 401(k) Plan shall only be obligated to accept two (2) transfers of assets pursuant to this   Section 6.01(g)  .   

(h)       Health and Dependent Flex Account Transfer  .  Effective as of the applicable Employment Transfer Date, Buyer will have in effect flexible spending reimbursement accounts for Hired Employees for medical and dependent care expenses under a cafeteria plan qualified under Section 125 of the Code and will credit such accounts with the amount credited as of the applicable Employment Transfer Date under comparable accounts maintained with Seller from the beginning of the plan year to the applicable Employment Transfer Date.  As soon as practical after the Closing Date, (i) Seller will pay to Buyer in cash the amount, if any, by which aggregate contributions made by Closing Transferees to Seller's flexible spending accounts for such plan year exceeded the aggregate benefits provided to Closing Transferees for such plan year as of the Closing Date or (ii) Buyer will pay to Seller in cash the amount, if any, by which aggregate benefits provided to Closing Transferees under Seller's flexible spending accounts exceeded the aggregate contributions made by Closing Transferees for such plan year as of the Closing Date.  As soon as practical after the TSA Transfer Date, (i) Seller will pay to Buyer in cash the amount, if any, by which aggregate contributions made by TSA Transferees to Seller's flexible spending accounts for such plan year exceeded the aggregate benefits provided to TSA Transferees for such plan year as of the TSA Transfer Date or (ii) Buyer will pay to Seller in cash the amount, if any, by which aggregate benefits provided to TSA Transferees under Seller's flexible spending accounts exceeded the aggregate contributions made by TSA Transferees for such plan year as of the TSA Transfer Date.  No later than thirty (30) days following the Closing Date  and TSA Transfer Date, respectively, Seller shall provide or cause to be provided to Buyer a report of the foregoing calculations. 

(i)       COBRA Coverage  .  Buyer will provide any required continuation coverage pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code for the Hired Employees and their qualified beneficiaries with respect to "qualifying events" (as defined in Section 4980B(f)(i) of the Code) occurring on or after the applicable Employment Transfer Date. 

(j)       Actions by Affiliates  .  All obligations undertaken by Buyer or Seller under this Section may be satisfied in whole or in part by an Affiliate of such person. 

34 

(k)       Cooperation; Employee and Plan Information  .  Seller and Buyer each will, and each will cause its Affiliates as necessary to, cooperate (i) in carrying out the provisions of this   Section 6.01   (Certain Employee Matters) (including working with third-party administrators and insurance carriers and making available to the other such records and other information as the other may reasonably request to facilitate the determination of the period of service and salary of any Hired Employee with Seller or an Affiliate) and (ii) in the preparation, execution and filing of documents required by the transfer of assets and Liabilities pursuant to this   Section 6.01  . 

(l)       WARN Act  .    Schedule 6.01(l)   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules sets forth a list of the name and site of employment of any and all Business Employees who have experienced, or will experience, an employment loss or layoff   as defined by the WARN Act   within ninety (90) days prior to the Closing Date.  Seller shall update this list as of the date immediately prior to the Closing Date.  For a period of ninety (90) days from and after the Closing Date, Buyer shall not engage in any conduct which would result in an employment loss or layoff for a sufficient number of employees of Buyer which, if aggregated with any such conduct on the part of Seller prior to the Closing Date, would trigger the WARN Act.  Buyer will be responsible for and assume all Liabilities arising from any action occurring at or after Closing at the request or direction of Buyer or its Affiliates that results in a "mass layoff or "plant closing" under the WARN Act.   

(m)       Third Party Beneficiaries  .  The parties hereto do not intend for this Section 6.01 or any other term or provision of this Agreement to create any rights or obligations as between Buyer and Seller, and no past, present, or future employee (or their family members) of Buyer or Seller will be treated as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall be treated as an amendment or other modification of any Employee Plan or any other employee benefit plan or limit the right of Seller or Buyer or their respective Affiliates, as applicable, to amend, terminate or otherwise modify any Employee Plan or any other employee benefit plan. 

Section 6.02       Confidentiality  .  From and after the date of this Agreement, each of Buyer and Seller shall, and shall cause each of their respective Affiliates and Representatives to, keep confidential the terms of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the negotiations relating thereto and all documents and information obtained by a party hereto (or any of such party's Affiliates or Representatives) from another party (or any of such party's Affiliates or Representatives) in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (collectively, the "  Confidential Information  ") except (i) to the extent that any Confidential Information must be disclosed to obtain any approvals of a Governmental Authority or consents relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) for disclosures otherwise made in satisfaction of any of the obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (iii) to the extent required by applicable Law, (iv) as made public prior to the date of this Agreement by either party hereto not in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (v) each of Buyer and Seller may disclose such information to such Person's equityholders or Affiliates, and their respective Representatives, in each case to the extent necessary to perform a specific function in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby  

35 

or thereby and (vi) Seller may disclose the terms of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to Seller's secured lenders. 

Section 6.03       Public Announcements  .  Unless otherwise required by applicable Law or stock exchange requirements (based upon the reasonable advice of counsel), each of the parties hereto will cooperate with each other in the development and distribution of all news releases and other public information disclosures with respect to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and no party hereto shall make any such news release or public disclosure without first consulting with the other party hereto.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing set forth in this   Section 6.03   shall limit or prohibit any private equity fund associated with Buyer from disclosing the financial terms and conditions, or any other terms and conditions, of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby to its limited partners and Affiliates. 

Section 6.04       Bulk Sales Laws  .  Without admitting the applicability of the bulk transfer Laws of any jurisdiction, the parties hereto hereby waive compliance with the provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer or similar Laws of any jurisdiction that may otherwise be applicable with respect to the sale of any or all of the Purchased Assets to Buyer. 

Section 6.05       Taxes  . 

(a)     All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including any real property transfer Tax and any other similar Tax) ("  Transfer Taxes  ") shall be borne and paid by Buyer when due. Buyer shall, at its own expense, timely file any Tax Return or other document with respect to such Transfer Taxes (and Seller shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary). Seller or its Subsidiary, as applicable, shall provide Buyer with a completed and signed Texas Statement of Occasional Sale (Form 01-917) and any such other applicable exemption statement for any other State, dated as of the Closing Date, at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(b)     Real and personal property Taxes and ad valorem Taxes ("  Property Taxes  ") on the Purchased Assets shall be prorated between Buyer and Seller effective as of the Closing Date, with Seller being responsible for amounts relating to the period on or prior to the Closing Date and Buyer being responsible for amounts relating to the period after the Closing Date.  If the final Property Tax rate or final assessed value for the current tax year is not yet established by the date of the Conclusive Adjustment Amount, the proration shall be made on the basis of the rate or assessed value in effect for the preceding tax year.  After the Closing, upon receipt of bills for the period including the Closing, adjustments to the apportionment shall be made by Seller and Buyer so that if either Seller or Buyer paid more than its proper share as determined at the date of the Conclusive Adjustment Amount, the other party shall promptly reimburse such party for the excess amount paid by it. 

Section 6.06       Further Assurances  .  Following the Closing, each of the parties hereto shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be  

36 

reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 6.07       Mail  .  If Buyer receives any mail or other communication that does not relate to (a) Buyer's active vendors or suppliers for the Purchased Assets or the Business or (b) the Purchased Assets or post-Closing aspects of the Business, then Buyer shall forward it to Seller within five (5) Business Days after receipt.  If Seller receives any mail or other communication that relates to the Purchased Assets or post-Closing aspects of the Business, then Seller shall undertake to forward it to Buyer within five (5) Business Days after receipt. 

Section 6.08       Intracompany Arrangements  .  Except for those arrangements set forth on   Section 6.08   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules, as of the Closing, all services, commitments or other arrangements provided by Seller or its Affiliates that existed pre-Closing for the benefit of the Business shall cease. 

Section 6.09       Release of Seller Guarantees  .  Buyer agrees to cause Seller and its Affiliates to be absolutely and unconditionally relieved at the Closing of all Losses arising out of the letters of credit, corporate guarantees and other similar items issued and outstanding in connection with the Business listed on   Schedule 6.09   of the Seller Disclosure Schedules (together the "  Seller Guarantees  ").  Without limiting the foregoing, Buyer will (a) pay any increased rate, make other financial accommodation, provide such security required by the issuer, and agree to any additional requirements of the issuer as a condition to obtaining such replacement and release of Seller Guarantees and (b) pay all of the issuer's assessments, fees, penalties and other costs and expenses relating to the foregoing.  Buyer will pay and otherwise be responsible for any Losses incurred or suffered by Seller or any of its Affiliates as a result of any Seller Guarantee not having been replaced and released as set forth above.  Buyer shall indemnify Seller and its Affiliates for any cost incurred by Seller or any of its Affiliates in connection with any Seller Guarantee that is not released or replaced in accordance with this   Section 6.09  . 

Section 6.10       Insurance  .  Effective as of the Closing, Buyer will become solely responsible for all insurance coverage and related risk of loss with respect to the Purchased Assets and the Business.  Buyer acknowledges that all insurance coverage for the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities under policies of Seller and its Affiliates shall terminate as of the Closing and, following the Closing, no claims may be brought against any policy of Seller, or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities regardless of whether the events underlying such claim arose prior to or after the Closing. Without limiting or being limited by any other provision of this Agreement, Buyer does not have any right to make any claim under any insurance policy maintained or formerly maintained by Seller or any of its Affiliates with respect to the Purchased Assets or the Business. 

Section 6.11       Surveys and Title Policy  .  Prior to the Closing Date, Seller has, at its expense, provided Buyer with either a new survey or an update of an existing survey for any tract of Owned Real Property where there is not an existing survey or the existing survey is more than three (3) years old.  Buyer may elect to revise, modify or re-certify any other existing survey at its expense.  At the Closing, Buyer may, at its expense, elect to obtain an owner's policy of title insurance in an amount determined by Buyer covering some or all of the Owned  

37 

Real Property (the "  Title Policy  ").  Seller agrees to execute such documents and provide such assistance as may be reasonably required to enable Buyer to obtain the Title Policy. 

Section 6.12       Use of Business Name  .  Promptly after the Closing, but no later than thirty (30) Business Days following the Closing Date, Seller shall amend its organizational documents and take all such other actions necessary to change its name to one sufficiently dissimilar to the Business Name, in Buyer's reasonable judgment, to avoid confusion and to cease conducting business under or using the Business Name.  Seller shall provide written evidence of such name change to Buyer and take all actions reasonably requested by Buyer to enable Buyer to use the Business Name after the Closing.  After the expiration of such thirty (30) Business Day period, Seller and its Affiliates (a) shall not use the Business Name (or any variant or derivation thereof) in any commercial manner (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding references to the historical business or for legitimate tax or other regulatory or reporting obligations) and (b) shall remove, strike over or otherwise obliterate the Business Name from any buildings, signs, equipment or other structures (including on uniforms and motor vehicles) owned, possessed or used by Seller and its Affiliates, and Seller and its Affiliates shall thereafter not use the Business Name on any new stationery, business forms, packaging, containers and other similar personal property. 

Section 6.13       No Acts of Bankruptcy  .  Seller covenants that it will not under any circumstances commit and/or commence an Act of Bankruptcy within any time during the later of (i) the next ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, or (ii) such period of time that equals ninety (90) days after the date on which all the transfers and/or conveyances of property to Buyer contemplated under this Agreement have become final and/or legally effective in all respects. 

Section 6.14       Permit Coordination and Related Activities  . 

(a)     Until Buyer is able to obtain transfer, issuance or reissuance of the Retained Permits held by Seller and any other regulatory approvals that relate to the Business and required for the conduct of the Business as currently conducted by Seller, Seller shall continue as permittee and shall remain subject to all of the obligations and responsibilities associated with the Retained Permits. Seller shall reasonably cooperate with Buyer to facilitate Buyer's obtainment of the Retained Permits.  Except as required by Law or Permit, Seller agrees that, except in coordination with Buyer, it shall not file any Permit application or take or cause any other act or omission, direct or indirect, that would cause a reduction in the Business's operational capacity, increase the Business's cost of operation in a material way (either based upon an individual act or omission, or in the aggregate), or otherwise materially and unreasonably impede the operation of the Business (either based upon an individual act or omission or in the aggregate). 

(b)     Until transfer, issuance or reissuance of the Retained Permits to Buyer, Seller shall coordinate all compliance matters related to the Retained Permits or Laws relating to the Retained Permits with Buyer and, unless required or prohibited by Law, will not submit any written communication related to the Retained Permits or operations regulated thereunder to Governmental Authorities with jurisdiction without Buyer's consent. 

38 

(c)     Buyer, in coordination with Seller, shall file all applications for transfer, issuance or re-issuance of the Retained Permits and any other regulatory approvals as soon as practicable after the Closing Date and use all commercially reasonable and necessary corporate resources to diligently pursue and obtain such Retained Permits and approvals. 

(d)     If Seller receives any notice or inquiry from a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Retained Permits or Laws relating to the Retained Permits, or if any filing is required in connection with a Retained Permit, Seller shall have a duty to notify and consult with Buyer. If Buyer receives any notice or inquiry from, or is inspected by, any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Retained Permits or Laws relating to the Retained Permits, or if Buyer desires any Retained Permit modification, it shall have a duty to notify and consult with Seller.   

(e)     Prior to the transfer, issuance or re-issuance to Buyer of a given Retained Permit, Seller shall, if so requested by Buyer, continue to fulfill the reporting obligations to any Governmental Authority pursuant to such Retained Permit and requirements of Laws relating to such Retained Permit; provided, however, that Buyer shall give the Seller access to all information required to complete such reports. Any such reports and responses shall be reviewed jointly by Buyer and Seller prior to filing. Each Party is mutually obligated to promptly notify the other upon gaining knowledge of or receiving any notice relating to such Retained Permit or operations regulated thereunder from any Authority. 

(f)     If required by applicable Laws with respect to a given Retained Permit or operations regulated thereunder, Seller will provide notice to applicable Governmental Authorities that Seller has engaged Buyer to manage the day-to-day activities of the Business and that Seller continues to be ultimately responsible as the permittee until such time as Buyer obtains the transfer or reissuance of the relevant Retained Permit. If, however, such arrangement is deemed to not be in compliance with Laws, Buyer and Seller shall cooperate in good faith to formulate a mutually agreeable alternative arrangement whereby the Business as relevant to such Retained Permit or operations regulated thereunder can continue to operate in compliance with Law. 

ARTICLE VII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 7.01       Indemnification by Seller  .  Subject to   Section 7.07  , Seller hereby unconditionally, absolutely, and irrevocably agrees to and shall defend (in accordance with this   Article VII  ) and indemnify Buyer and each of Buyer's members, Affiliates, managers, officers, directors, employees, counsel, successors, assigns, and legal and personal representatives (Buyer and such Persons are collectively referred to as the "  Buyer Indemnified Persons  ") from and against, and shall reimburse the Buyer Indemnified Persons for, each and every Loss, paid, imposed on, or incurred by the Buyer Indemnified Persons, directly or indirectly, relating to, resulting from or arising out of, or any allegation by any third party of, any of the following:  (a) any inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of Seller contained in   Article IV   hereof, (b) any breach, default, or nonfulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or other obligation of Seller under  

39 

this Agreement, (c) any intellectual property infringement relating to the Sandbox Agreement and (d) the North Dakota Audit. 

Section 7.02       Indemnification by Buyer  .  Buyer unconditionally, absolutely, and irrevocably agrees to and shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Seller and its members, Affiliates, managers, officers, directors, employees, counsel, agents, contractors, successors, assigns, and legal and personal representatives (Seller and such Persons are collectively referred to as the "  Seller Indemnified Persons  ") from and against, and shall reimburse the Seller Indemnified Persons for, each and every Loss paid, imposed on, or incurred by the Seller Indemnified Persons, directly or indirectly, relating to, resulting from or arising out of, or any allegation by any third party of, any of the following:  (a) any inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of Buyer contained in   Article V   hereof, (b) any breach, default, or nonfulfillment of any covenant, agreement or other obligation of Buyer under this Agreement and (c) any Retained Asset, Retained Employee or Retained Permit first arising after Closing that are not a breach of a Seller representation or warranty or covenant in this Agreement. 

Section 7.03       Limitations  . 

(a)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Article VII  , Seller shall not be liable under   Section 7.01(a)   for any inaccuracy of (i) any representation or warranty (other than with respect to a Fundamental Representation) unless written notice of a possible claim for indemnification is given by the claiming Buyer Indemnified Person to Seller on or before the General Survival Date or (ii) any Fundamental Representation unless written notice of a possible claim for indemnification is given by the claiming Buyer Indemnified Person to Seller on or before the Fundamental Survival Date.  The covenants, agreements and other obligations of Seller that are contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing in accordance with their respective terms. 

(b)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, with respect to any claim for indemnification pursuant to   Section 7.01  , the Buyer Indemnified Persons shall be entitled to indemnification: 

(i)     Only if the aggregate Losses to all Buyer Indemnified Persons with respect to such claims exceeds Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) (the "  Deductible  "), whereupon, subject to clause (ii) below, Seller shall be obligated to pay in full all such amounts, but only to the extent such aggregate Losses are in excess of the Deductible; and 

(ii)     Only with respect to individual items where the Losses relating thereto are in excess of Thirty Five Thousand Dollars ($35,000) (and any items less than such threshold shall not be aggregated for the purposes of the immediately preceding clause (i)). 

(c)     Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall Seller's aggregate indemnification obligations pursuant to   Section 7.01   exceed the Indemnity Escrow Amount (the "  Indemnity Cap  ");   provided, however  , that the Indemnity Cap shall not apply to Losses relating to, resulting from or arising out of, or any allegation by any third party  

40 

of, (i) any inaccuracy in any Fundamental Representation, (ii) any fraud committed by Seller or its Affiliates, (iii) any intellectual property infringement relating to the Sandbox Agreement, and (iv) the North Dakota Audit, in each case for which the Buyer Indemnified Persons have used best efforts to recover such Loss under the Representation and Warranty Policy for any amounts above the Indemnity Cap.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Seller's aggregate indemnification obligations pursuant to   Section 7.01   (including, without limitation, any Losses relating to, resulting from or arising out of, or any allegation by any third party of, any inaccuracy in any Fundamental Representation, intellectual property infringement relating to the Sandbox Agreement or the North Dakota Audit) exceed the Base Purchase Price, except to the extent that any such Losses relate to, result from or arise out of any fraud committed by Seller or its Affiliates. 

(d)     Buyer acknowledges that, subject to   Section 7.08  , its sole and exclusive remedy against Seller for Losses with respect to (i) all claims relating to the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, (ii) other claims pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, or (iii) other claims relating to the Purchased Assets will be pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this   Article VII  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained herein or in the other Transaction Documents will give any right on the part of Buyer after the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement to rescind this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(e)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Article VII  , Buyer shall not be liable under   Section 7.02(a)   for any inaccuracy of (i) any representation or warranty (other than with respect to a Fundamental Representation) unless written notice of a possible claim for indemnification is given by the claiming Seller Indemnified Person to Buyer on or before the General Survival Date or (ii) any Fundamental Representation unless written notice of a possible claim for indemnification is given by the claiming Seller Indemnified Person to Buyer on or before the Fundamental Survival Date.  The covenants, agreements and other obligations of Buyer that are contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing in accordance with their respective terms. 

(f)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, with respect to any claim for indemnification pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of   Section 7.02  , the Seller Indemnified Persons shall be entitled to indemnification: 

(i)     Only if the aggregate Losses to all Seller Indemnified Persons with respect to such claims exceeds the Deductible, whereupon, subject to clause (ii) below, Buyer shall be obligated to pay in full all such amounts, but only to the extent such aggregate Losses are in excess of the Deductible; and 

(ii)     Only with respect to individual items where the Losses relating thereto are in excess of Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000) (and any items less than such threshold shall not be aggregated for the purposes of the immediately preceding clause (i)). 

41 

(g)     Seller acknowledges that its sole and exclusive remedy against Buyer for Losses with respect to (i) all claims relating to the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, (ii) other claims pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, or (iii) other claims relating to the Purchased Assets will be pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this   Article VII  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained herein or in the other Transaction Documents will give any right on the part of Seller after the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement to rescind this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(h)     Each Party agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any Losses which form the basis of any claim for indemnification under this   Article VII  . With respect to a particular claim for indemnification, to the extent the Indemnifying Person has paid in full the claim to the Indemnified Person pursuant to this   Article VII  , each Party agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Indemnified Person to reimburse the Indemnifying Person to the extent of any subsequent insurance or other recoveries for such Losses received by the Indemnified Person. 

Section 7.04       Notice and Defense of Third-Party Claims  .  If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted by a third party against an indemnified party or any successor thereto (the "  Indemnified Person  ") in respect of which indemnity may be sought under this   Article VII   from an indemnifying person or any successor thereto (the "  Indemnifying Person  ") pursuant to a Proceeding, the Indemnified Person shall give prompt written notice (in no event to exceed twenty (20) days) of such Proceeding to the Indemnifying Person, who shall be entitled to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel selected by the Indemnifying Person and the payment of all expenses. If the Indemnifying Person undertakes to defend any Proceeding, it shall promptly notify the Indemnified Person of its intention to do so and the Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Person and its counsel in the defense thereof.  Such cooperation shall include, but shall not be limited to, furnishing the Indemnifying Person with any books, records or information reasonably requested by the Indemnifying Person that are in the Indemnified Person's possession or control. After the Indemnifying Person has notified the Indemnified Person of its intention to defend any such Proceeding, the Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any additional legal or other expenses incurred by the Indemnified Person in connection with any defense or settlement of such Proceeding.  An Indemnified Person shall have the right to participate in the defense of any Proceeding at its own expense; provided that the Indemnifying Party shall control the defense of any Proceeding after it undertakes the defense.  In the event that the Indemnifying Person, within twenty (20) days after notice of any such Proceeding, fails to assume the defense thereof, the Indemnified Person shall have the right to undertake the defense, compromise or settlement of such Proceeding for the account of and at the expense of the Indemnifying Person, subject to the right of the Indemnifying Person to assume the defense of such Proceeding at any time prior to the settlement, compromise or final determination thereof.  Anything in this   Article VII   to the contrary notwithstanding, the Indemnifying Person shall not, without the Indemnified Person's prior written consent, settle or compromise any Proceeding or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any Proceeding for anything other than money damages paid by the Indemnifying Person.  The Indemnifying Person may, without the Indemnified Person's prior written consent, settle or compromise any such Proceeding or consent to entry of any judgment with respect to any such  

42 

Proceeding that requires solely the payment of money damages by the Indemnifying Person and that includes, as an unconditional term thereof, the release by the claimant or the plaintiff of the Indemnified Person from all liability in respect of such Proceeding. 

Section 7.05       Insurance Proceeds  .  Buyer shall be entitled to any insurance proceeds received by any Seller Indemnified Person in connection with any claim for which Buyer is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article VII, except to the extent such claim has already been satisfied by Seller. 

Section 7.06       Express Negligence; Limitations on Defense to the Claims of Buyer  . 

(a)     THE FOREGOING INDEMNITIES ARE INTENDED TO BE ENFORCEABLE AGAINST THE PARTIES HERETO IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EXPRESS TERMS AND SCOPE THEREOF, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY EXPRESS NEGLIGENCE RULE, DOCTRINE RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION FOR STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY SIMILAR DIRECTIVE THAT WOULD PROHIBIT OR OTHERWISE LIMIT INDEMNITIES BECAUSE OF THE NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER SOLE, CONCURRENT, ACTIVE OR PASSIVE) OR OTHER FAULT OR STRICT LIABILITY OF ANY OF THE INDEMNIFIED PERSONS. 

(b)     TO THE EXTENT THAT BUYER MAKES ANY CLAIMS AGAINST SELLER UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THIS   Article VII  , SELLER MAY NOT ASSERT, AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES AS A DEFENSE, COUNTERCLAIM, OR OTHERWISE THAT BUYER HAS BEEN NEGLIGENT IN CONDUCTING ITS DUE DILIGENCE OF ANY ASPECT OF SELLER, THE PURCHASED ASSETS OR THE BUSINESS OR HAS FAILED TO CONDUCT ITS DUE DILIGENCE IN A PROPER OR ADEQUATE MANNER. 

Section 7.07       Qualifications  .  For purposes of determining Losses under this   Article VII   but not the accuracy of any particular representation or warranty in   Article IV   or   Article V  , each representation or warranty for which a breach has occurred and that contains any qualification shall be read as though there were no "Material Adverse Effect," "in all material respects" or other materiality (or correlative meaning) qualification. 

Section 7.08       Representation and Warranty Insurance  .  In the event that a Buyer Indemnified Person incurs a Loss for which such Buyer Indemnified Person would be entitled to indemnification or reimbursement pursuant to   Section 7.01(a)   above, such Buyer Indemnified Person must first use commercially reasonable efforts to recover such Loss through the Representation and Warranty Policy.  In the event that any amounts related to such Loss are not fully recovered through the Representation and Warranty Policy, then such Buyer Indemnified Person shall be entitled to make a claim for indemnification and/or reimbursement with respect to such amounts pursuant to   Section 7.01(a)   above, subject to the limitations set forth in   Section 7.03   above.  

43 

ARTICLE VIII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 8.01       Expenses  .  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein (including   Section 6.05   hereof), all costs and expenses, including, fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred. 

Section 8.02       Notices  .  Any and all notices or other communications required or permitted to be given under any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) on the date of delivery if personally delivered, (b) on the date sent by facsimile (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient during a Business Day, and otherwise on the next Business Day, if sent after normal business hours of the recipient, (c) if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service (delivery receipt requested) with charges paid by the dispatching party, on the later of (i) the first Business Day following the date of dispatch or (ii) the scheduled date of delivery by such service, or (d) four (4) Business Days after mailing if mailed by first class registered mail, return receipt requested, in each case addressed to the parties hereto at the addressees set forth below (or at such other address as any party may specify by notice to all other parties hereto given as aforesaid): 

44 

Section 8.03       Interpretation  .  For purposes of this Agreement: (a) the words "include," "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation"; (b) terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa; (c) references to Dollar amount thresholds shall not be deemed to be evidence of a Material Adverse Effect or materiality; and (d) the words "herein," "hereof," "hereby," "hereto" and "hereunder" refer to this Agreement as a whole. Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references herein: (i) to Articles, Sections, and Disclosure Schedules mean the Articles and Sections of, and Disclosure Schedules attached to, this Agreement; (ii) to an agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof; and (iii) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The Disclosure Schedules referred to herein shall be construed with, and as an integral part of, this Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein. 

Section 8.04       Headings  .  The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

Section 8.05       Severability  .  If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties hereto as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

Section 8.06       Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous representations, warranties, understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements in the body of this Agreement and those in the other Transaction Documents and Disclosure Schedules (other than an exception expressly set forth as such in the Disclosure Schedules), the statements in the body of this Agreement will control. 

Section 8.07       Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party hereto may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior  

45 

written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No assignment shall relieve the assigning party of any of its obligations hereunder. 

Section 8.08       No Third Party Beneficiaries  .  Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

Section 8.09       Amendment and Modification; Waiver  .  This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed and delivered by each party hereto. No waiver by any party hereto of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party hereto shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

Section 8.10       Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial  . 

(a)     This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction). 

(b)     ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN A STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURT IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. SERVICE OF PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR OTHER DOCUMENT BY MAIL TO SUCH PARTY'S ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. 

(c)     EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND  

46 

UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B) SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS   Section 8.10(c)  . 

Section 8.11       Specific Performance  .  The parties hereto acknowledge that, in view of the uniqueness of the Business and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of Seller and Buyer would not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages in the event that this Agreement has not been performed in accordance with its terms, and therefore agrees that, in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity, the other party hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement by the other (as applicable), and to specifically enforce the terms and provisions of this Agreement to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants and obligations of the other (as applicable).  Each of Seller and Buyer agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief on the basis that the other party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.  Any party hereto seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any such order or injunction. 

Section 8.12       Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

Section 8.13       Non-recourse  .  This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any Proceeding based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement, may only be brought against the entities that are expressly named as parties hereto and then only with respect to the specific obligations set forth herein with respect to such party. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, manager, member, partner, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney or other Representative of any party hereto or of any Affiliate of any party hereto, or any of their successors or permitted assigns, shall have any liability for any Liabilities of any party hereto under this Agreement or for any Proceeding based on, in respect of or by reason of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

47 

Section 8.14       NO SPECIAL DAMAGES  . NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HERETO BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY HERETO FOR ANY PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF FUTURE REVENUE OR PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION OR OPPORTUNITY RELATING TO THE BREACH OR ALLEGED BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR DIMINUTION OF VALUE OR ANY DAMAGES BASED ON ANY TYPE OF MULTIPLE. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

48 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by an authorized officer of each of the parties hereto as of the date first written above. 

SELLER  :  

ROCKPILE ENERGY SERVICES, LLC  

By:  

/s/ Dustin Nygard  

Name:  

Dustin Nygard  

Title:  

Authorized Signatory  

Asset Purchase Agreement 

Signature Page 

UY  

BUYER  :  

ROCKPILE NEWCO, LLC  

By:  

RockPile Energy Holdings, LLC  
					 
						 Its managing member  

By:  

/s/ James K. Meneely III  

Name:  

James K. Meneely III  

Title:  

Manager  

Asset Purchase Agreement 

Signature Page 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tpc-20161031ex3111243c5.htm
 EX-31.1

tpc_Ex_31_1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jonathan Samuels, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Triangle Petroleum Corporation;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.     

Date: December 7, 2016 

/s/ JONATHAN SAMUELS  

Jonathan Samuels  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tpc-20161031ex312249484.htm
 EX-31.2

tpc_Ex_31_2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Douglas Griggs, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Triangle Petroleum Corporation;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.     

Date:  December 7, 2016 

/s/ DOUGLAS GRIGGS  

Douglas Griggs  

Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tpc-20161031ex32138acea.htm
 EX-32.1

tpc_Ex_32_1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan Samuels, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Triangle Petroleum Corporation on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Triangle Petroleum Corporation. 

Date: December 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ JONATHAN SAMUELS  

Name:  

Jonathan Samuels  

Title:  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

I, Douglas Griggs, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Triangle Petroleum Corporation on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Triangle Petroleum Corporation. 

Ju  

Date: December 7, 2016  

By:  

/s/ DOUGLAS GRIGGS  

Name:  

Douglas Griggs  

Title:  

Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tpc-20161031.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tpc-20161031.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tpc-20161031_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tpc-20161031_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tpc-20161031_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tpc-20161031_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

