<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161017_10-K_edgar_data_1409885_0001493152-16-014097_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6173896</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254584</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>358893</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1774906</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2121300</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1527436</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>107</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014097.hdr.sgml : 20161017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161017172909
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ECO Building Products, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409885
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		IRS NUMBER:				208677788
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53875
		FILM NUMBER:		161939487

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 WEST VISTA WAY
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92083
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(909) 519-5470

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 WEST VISTA WAY
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92083

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ECOBLU PRODUCTS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	N8 CONCEPTS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014097.txt : 20161017

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

(Mark
One)  

[X]
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016   

or  

[  ]
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________   

Commission
file number: 000-53875   

Eco
Building Products, Inc.   

    (
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter  )   

Colorado   
         
       20-8677788    
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        or organization)   
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer    
     Identification No.)    

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code : (858) 780-4747   

Securities
    registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:   

Title
    of each class:  
         
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered:   
 
       None   
         
       None.    

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:  

  (Title
of class)  

   Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer.   
      [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer.   
      [  ]   
 
       Non-accelerated
                                         filer.  
           
      [  ]  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company.  
      [X]   
 
 ( Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [  ] No [X]  

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31,
2015 was $12,331,234 based upon the price ($0.0001) at which the common stock was last sold as of the last business day of the
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, multiplied by the approximate number of shares of common stock held by persons
other than executive officers, directors and five percent stockholders of the registrant without conceding that any such person
is an  affiliate  of the registrant for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our common stock is traded in the
over-the-counter market and quoted on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol  ECOB.   

As
of October 14, 2016 the registrant had 3,969,461,958 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 issued and outstanding.  

Documents
incorporated by reference: None.  

Table
of Contents   

Page    
 
         Part
    I     

Item
    1  
        Business    
      3   
 
      Item
    1A  
        Risk
    Factors    
      8   
 
      Item
    1B  
        Unresolved
    Staff Comments    
      11   
 
      Item
    2  
        Properties    
      11   
 
      Item
    3  
        Legal
    Proceedings    
      12   
 
      Item
    4  
        Mine
    Safety Disclosures    
      12   

Part
    II     

Item
    5  
        Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.    
      12   
 
      Item
    6  
        Selected
    Financial Data.    
      14   
 
      Item
    7  
        Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation    
      14   
 
      Item
    7A  
        Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
      17   
 
      Item
    8  
        Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data    
      18   
 
      Item
    9  
        Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    
      49   
 
      Item
    9A  
        Controls
    and Procedures    
      49   
 
      Item
    9B  
        Other
    Information    
      51   

Part
    III     

Item
    10  
        Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.    
      51   
 
      Item
    11  
        Executive
    Compensation    
      55   
 
      Item
    12  
        Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
      58   
 
      Item
    13  
        Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.    
      59   
 
      Item
    14  
        Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services    
      61   

Part
    IV     

Item
    15  
        Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules    
      62   

Signatures     
      63   

Part
I     

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this  Report ) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
the Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical
facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as  anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   intend,   could,   should,   would, 
 may,   seek,   plan,   might,   will,   expect,   predict, 
 project,   forecast,   potential,   continue  negatives thereof or similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Report and include information concerning possible
or assumed future results of our operations; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of
management; any other statements regarding future operations, future cash needs, business plans and future financial results,
and any other statements that are not historical facts.  

From
time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases,
in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements
included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and
may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and
beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our
control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements.
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur
or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking
statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report.  

Except
to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or
otherwise.  

Use
of Terms   

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to  Company ,   Eco  ,   Eco
Building,    ECOB,   we ,  us  and  our  are references to  Eco Building
Products, Inc.  All references to  USD  or United States Dollars refer to the legal currency of the United States
of America.  

Item
1.   
          Business     

Our
Company   

Eco
Building Products, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the state of Colorado under the name N8 Concepts, Inc.
on March 27, 2007. As detailed herein, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the Company experienced revenues
of $445,980 and $2,090,084 respectively.  

On
October 19, 2009, the Company merged with Ecoblu Products, Inc., a Nevada Corporation ( ECOBLU ). For financial reporting
purposes, the acquisition was treated as a reverse acquisition whereby ECOBLU s operations continued to be reported as if
it had actually been the acquirer.  

ECOBLU
was organized May 20, 2009 in Nevada as a wholesale distributor and manufacturer of proprietary wood products coated with an eco-friendly
chemistry designed to protect against mold, rot, decay, termites and fire. The Company has also developed an affiliate coating
program that allows lumber companies to coat commodity lumber at their facilities contingent upon their stocking the Company s
inventory and supporting the Company s products.  

On
April 8, 2011, the Company formed Red Shield Lumber, Inc. ( Red Shield ) in British Columbia, Canada. Red Shield was
formed for the purpose of opening a plant in Canada utilizing the Company s coating process to support sales and distribution.
As of June 30, 2016, the wholly owned subsidiary has no operating activity and we do not expect this subsidiary to begin operations
in the near future.  

On
May 31, 2011, the Company formed E Build   Truss, Inc. ( E Build ) in the State of California. E Build was formed
for the purpose of operating the Company s framing labor and truss manufacturing activities. This wholly-owned subsidiary
commenced operations during the three months ended December 31, 2011. The assets of this Company were sold in May 2015 pursuant
to a Limited Assets Purchase Agreement with Stone Truss, LLC, a California corporation, dated April 15, 2015. Pursuant to the
terms of the Limited Assets Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell certain assets owned by E Build for total consideration
of $100,000.  

As
satisfaction of the $100,000 payment, the Buyer agreed to pay past due lease payments totaling $32,633.94 plus attorney s
fees of $1,500 and the Buyer would then thereafter takeover and make all future lease payments to the landlord. As of the most
recent practicable date, the Buyer has not made any payments on this agreement but has paid approximately $41,000 of ECOB accounts
payable and has accrued salary of $71,847 and is trying to set-off the amounts owed with the accrued salary. But, as a result
of the sale of the assets in May 2015, the operations of E Build have ceased.  

In
December 2011, the Company formed Seattle Coffee Exchange ( Seattle ) in the State of California. This wholly-owned
subsidiary has not commenced its operations as of June 30, 2016, and the Company has no intention of operating Seattle Coffee
Exchange.  

Business   

Products    

Eco
Building Products, Inc., or  ECOB , has developed a line of eco-friendly protective wood coatings, Eco Red Shield
 TM  and Eco Clear Shield  TM , that extend the lifecycle of framing lumber and other wood products used in
the construction of single-family homes and multi-story buildings. The Company has changed its  product offering breaking
up the wood treatment into three different categories to include Eco Red Shield Sill Plate (SP), Eco Red Shield Advanced Framing
Lumber (AFL) and Eco Red Shield Fire Treated (FT). These newly created categories allow the customer to choose the level of protection
at fair market prices and allows the Company to make significantly better margins on each product. Additionally, the Company has
advanced the development and implementation of the Eco D-Fence product line.  

Eco
Building Products wood coatings are topically applied to a wide range of lumber products providing protection from mold, mildew,
fungus, decay, wood rot, wood ingesting insects, including Formosan termites. Eco Red Shield  (AFL   FT) also serves
as a fire inhibitor; significantly increasing treated lumber s resistance to fire, by way of decreasing the smoke (fire
gases) index, slowing ignition time and flame spread.  

The
ECOB system of coatings is eco-friendly and remains chemically stable over time. The coatings emit virtually zero volatile organic
compounds (VOCs), do not leech heavy metals or toxins into groundwater, and do not allow for the growth and propagation of various
molds on the cured film surface, that have the potential to contaminate occupant indoor air quality. More importantly, ECOB coatings
prevent the degradation of structural lumber that potentially requires existing homes to be periodically renovated resultant of
rot and/or insect damage, thereby indirectly preserving our forests.  

In
early 2015, the Company changed its business model to focus on coating services only and chemical sales. The Company no longer
purchases lumber for coating and resells the treated lumber. Customers have their lumber shipped to one of three facilities: (i)
Fair Lawn, New Jersey, (ii) Tacoma, Washington; or (iii) Augusta, Georgia. In January 2016, the Company further consolidated operations
with the closure of New Jersey and Tacoma facilities and focus mainly on the sale of chemicals to our affiliate network.  

Eco
Red Shield    

Our
proprietary eco-friendly formula controls moisture and protects lumber from mold, mildew, fungus, decay, rot, termites (and other
wood boring insects including Formosan termites), while simultaneously serving as a fire inhibitor.  

Eco
Red Shield   (SP)  Sill Plate   

Our
proprietary eco-friendly formula controls moisture and protects lumber from mold, mildew, fungus, decay, rot, termites (and other
wood boring insects including Formosan termites), This product is approved for above ground use and certified under Technical
Evaluation Report TER 1511-09.  

Eco
Red Shield   (AFL)  Advanced Framing Lumber   

Our
proprietary eco-friendly formula controls moisture and protects lumber from mold, mildew, fungus, decay, rot, termites (and other
wood boring insects including Formosan termites), while simultaneously serving as a value added fire inhibitor for all framing
members of a structure. This product is approved for above ground use and certified under Technical Evaluation Report TER 1511-10.  

Eco
Red Shield   (FT)  Fire Treated   

Our
proprietary eco-friendly formula controls moisture and protects lumber from mold, mildew, fungus, decay, rot, termites (and other
wood boring insects including Formosan termites), while simultaneously serving as a fire inhibitor for Douglas Fir and Spruce
(SPF) dimensional lumber. This product is approved for above ground use and certified as alternate to Fire Retardant Treated Wood
(FRTW) meeting section 2303.2 of the International Building Code (IBC) as certified under Technical Evaluation Report TER 1510-01.  

Eco
D-Fence  TM    

Eco
D-Fence represents your first line of defense against nature s fury. Developed using Eco Red Shield WoodSurfaceFilm tm
 technology at the core. Eco D-Fence product line offers all of the protection of mold, mildew, fungus, decay, rot, termites
(and other wood boring insects including Formosan termites) with optional fire inhibitor coupled with traditional features of
exterior stain. For a similar cost of typical fence stain, now you can get value added protection that is environmentally friendly.
The optional fire inhibitor extends the protection to create a fire break around the perimeter of your property. Currently this
product is being sold to affiliates for factory application.  

Markets    

In
January of 2016 Management took steps to narrow its focus to chemical product development, manufacturing and sales. Effectively
re-engineering its entire business model and closing its treating operations. While Eco s chemistry can be applied to many
diverse materials, to-date it has purposefully limited its attention to the various wood preservation markets. The Company views
its current targeted market opportunity in two large sectors: 1) The overall softwood lumber market for which there has been no
cost effective protection chemistry or technology heretofore and 2) the traditional wood preservation market. We believe Eco Building
Products is uniquely positioned to disrupt both sectors.  

Eco
Building Products chemistry can be applied to any wood substrate where the end-user desires protection against the risks associated
with mold, wood rot, termites and fire and hence the market opportunity is extremely large.  

Total
U.S. lumber consumption is projected to rise strongly, moving from 44.1 billion board feet in 2015 (nominal, or 70.8 million m3
net) to 47.1 billion bf in 2016 and to almost 50 billion bf in 2017.   According to the Wood Business 2016 Lumber Outlook
report.  

The
Company recognizes the magnitude of the overall opportunity but has limited its focus to fencing and wood frame construction used
in new single and multi-family residential; light commercial construction as well as renovation through multiple channels including
wholesale distribution, pro-lumber dealers, large lumber traders and home centers. The Company sells these channels through licensed
Affiliates that buy and apply its chemistry on a regional and OEM basis.  

Eco
Red Shield  can be factory applied to all wood substrates for the entire super-structure prior to construction, preserving
the wood s structural integrity, while only adding an estimated 10% to 30% to the cost of building materials.  

The
Company understands that the traditional wood preservation and or treating industry currently comprise approximately six to eight
percent of the overall lumber industry. Traditional wood preservation is performed in a cylinder under pressure or vacuum process.
Its limited market penetration is due in large part to the cost of this process and that it fundamentally degrades the strength
of wood fiber while potentially employing hazardous chemicals. Eco Red Shield is topically applied, employs no heavy metals, 2B
carcinogens, heavy aldehydes or solvents and does not degrade the strength of wood fiber.  

Management
has taken steps in 2015 to certify its products by independent third party. In December 2015, the Company announced that it had
obtained Technical Evaluation Reports (TERs) from DrJ Engineering certifying that its core products Eco FT  (Fire Treated),
Eco Red Shield AFL   (Advanced Framing Lumber) and Eco Red Shield SP   (Sill Plate) are compliant with 2009, 2012
and 2015 versions of the International Building Code and International Residential Code. DrJ Engineering is an ANSI ISO/IEC 17065
accredited certification body and compliant with IBC Section 1703.  

The
Company has benefited from various code approvals allowing Eco Red Shield to compete with the current wood preservation market
and has invested a significant resources aimed at continually improving the Eco Red Shield product line with R D and technical
market acceptance. Through the use of independent wood scientists employed by the company, we have successfully lobbied with the
International Code Commission (ICC) to create an acceptance criteria (AC) defining a market space in the building codes for a
topical borate treatment for wood members. On June 20, 2011 the ICC adopted, by unanimous vote, a new Acceptance Criteria for
Liquid Borate Fungal Decay and Termite-resistant Treatment Applied to Wood Members, AC433-0611-R1. This acceptance criteria was
subsequently updated in June of 2012 to include structural wood fiber testing and was adopted into the 2012 Uniform Building Code
(UBC). Eco Red Shield successfully achieved building code acceptance as deemed by the International Code Commission (ICC-ES) meeting
the requirements as set forth by AC433, resulting in the issuance of an Engineering Services Report ESR-3255 on July 2, 2012.  

The
evaluation report (ESR-3255) from ICC Evaluation Service (ICC-ES), provided evidence that Eco Red Shield protection against Wood
Ingesting Organisms including Formosan Termites and Wood-Rot Decay now meets building code requirements. Additionally, the product
provides value added protection from Mold and Fire Inhibition. Building officials, architects, contractors, specifiers, designers
and others utilize ICC-ES Evaluation Reports to provide a basis for using or approving Eco Red Shield coated lumber products in
construction projects under the  AC433  Acceptance Criteria. The creation of a building code (AC433) and the subsequent
ESR-3255, addresses a key element (Termite Protection   Wood Rot/Decay) in the wood protection offered by Eco Building products
and has started to open up significant market opportunities.  

Eco
Red Shield treated lumber products now meet industry standard Use Categories UC1, UC2 and UC3a as defined by the AWPA guidelines
for usage of treated lumber. These use categories define the product use for above ground, (anchored to concrete not exposed to
constant wetting) which is the most common use for sill plates and exterior decking. Approximately 65% of the treated wood components
sold annually fall into the UC1, UC2 and UC3a   b use categories opening up significant opportunities for Eco Red Shield products
as a direct substitute or competitive product. Having achieved an ESR designation as defined by the ICC-ES process allows for
product recognition by every building official across the United States as well as over 220 countries worldwide. (Source:  www.iccsafe.org )  

On
September 4, 2012, the Company successfully achieved QAI Laboratories (QAI) listing B1053-1, providing evidence that Eco Red Shield s
fire protection qualities now meet building code requirements for Class  A , structural rated, flammability performance
on Douglas Fir solid sawn lumber, making Eco Red Shield protected lumber an alternate to the traditionally accepted fire retardant
treated wood (FRTW) for interior use. On April 26, 2016, the Company was successful in testing and qualifying Spruce (SPF) species
to be added to our approvals for use as an alternate for FRTW uses.  

Achieving
the QAI listing for flame spread properties makes Eco Red Shield protection the first topical wood treatment of its kind for interior
Class  A  flammability. Additionally, providing protection against Wood Ingesting Organisms including Formosan Termites
and Wood-Rot Decay to meet building code requirements. Building officials, architects, contractors, specifiers, designers and
others utilize QAI listings and product labeling to provide a basis for using or approving Eco Red Shield coated lumber products
in construction projects under the International Building Code. The Company will continue to qualify other species and panel products
for similar ratings. The Company has also received approval for Eco Red Shield in Hawaii and the City of Los Angeles to achieve
the issuance of an LA Research Report.  

In
2013, the Company engaged with QAI Laboratories, a similar consumer rating and product monitoring agency as Underwriters Laboratories
(UL), to certify the coating process and provide a listing for the fire efficacy of Eco Red Shield treated lumber products.  

The
Company has further engaged QAI Laboratories as the third party factory Quality Control auditing company, providing audit services
and third party inspections to all ESR listed facilities, and facilities producing Eco Red Shield for the purposes of satisfying
FRTW lumber per ASTM E84 requirements. Eco Red Shield is now successfully qualified to produce code approved lumber products in
five locations across the country. Having the ability to stamp/label the lumber with the equivalence to traditional pressure treated
lumber presents enormous opportunities in the supply chain, and not limited to, Big Box Retailers, national homebuilding supply
companies, wholesalers and manufacturers.  

Patents:
 The Company previously had a patent pending filing in the USA and Canada. Our patent pending Pub file no in USA: 2012/0121809
A1 in Canada our application no: 2,757,126   The title of our patent pending is as follows: FORMULATION AND PROCESS FOR
TREATING WOOD SUBSTRATES. The Company received examiner comments but the patent application was abandoned due to our failure to
respond. Although, we have not revived the patent as of today, we are working with a patent attorney to file a petition to revive.
We do not, however, know when that petition will be filed.  

Trademarks:
 The Company has filed for trademark protection on various service marks in several categories to include the  Eco 
logo,  Eco Red Shield  name,  FRC Technology  - Fire Retardant Coatings and  Wood Surface Film 
technology.  

Affiliates
Relationships:  We have three affiliates that are approved to produce our Eco Red Shield product in various locations around
the USA. We have formal written agreements with one of these affiliates while the other two affiliates purchase chemical concentrates
and adhere to our quality control program. Revenues that are generated from our affiliates are booked as chemical sales. The Company
has also developed an affiliate coating program that allows lumber companies to coat commodity lumber at their mills/facilities.  

Competitive
Advantages    

Management
believes the Company is positioned to penetrate both the unprotected, overall softwood lumber market as well as the incumbent
wood preservation market (pressure treated).  

Traditional
wood preservation technology employs a mechanical impregnation process of pounding wood fiber with water bourn chemicals under
extreme pressure which breaks down its cellular structure, substantially degrading strength values. In addition, many of these
chemicals have been identified as toxic. As a result, treated lumber has been limited in its application and makes whole house
protection impractical and or undesirable.  

In
contrast, Eco Red Shield  impregnates wood fiber thru the process of diffusion whereby environmentally friendly chemicals
are encased in a semi-permeable barrier that allows it to breathe while locking in mold, termite, rot and fire protections.  

At
the same time the semi-permeable barrier minimizes naturally occurring formaldehyde off-gassing. The process and chemistry has
no adverse effect on strength values and puts whole house protection within reach of the average homeowner.  

There
is a growing awareness and latent demand that stems from the importance of indoor air quality ( IAQ ); the structural risks
associated with wood decay from  termites  and  rot  and the heightened risks from  fire  with modern construction
materials and techniques.  

Red
    Shield is the only application that is proven to protect across all four risk dimensions of mold, rot, insects and fire.   

Eco s
    proprietary, patent pending chemistry results in NO strength degradation, allowing the entire wood structure to be protected
    which is something no competitor has been able to duplicate to date.   

Eco s
    chemistry is the ONLY application with virtually no VOC leaching, no metals or copper sulfates. It carries a Level 1 health
    rating from the NFPA and Eco treated lumber emits less formaldehyde than raw lumber: Low emissions of volatile organic compounds
    in compliance with  UL 2818  for indoor commercial, educational, residential and healthcare environments. Tested in accordance
    to ASTM D5116   Small Scale Environmental Chamber Determinations of Organic Emissions from indoor Materials and D5197
      Test Method for Determination of Formaldehyde and other Carbonyl Compounds in Air. Meets California 01350 limits for
    formaldehyde emissions.   

Competition    

We
believe that our products are positioned to capture significant market share of the current non-treated wood market. The treated
wood market is mature with large established chemical manufacturers, with functionally equivalent technologies and fierce competition.
However, we appear to have a unique product with a combination mold, rot, decay, termite and fire inhibitor that meets HUD standards
for above ground structural and sheathing wood components.  

Chemical
supply to the Wood Preservation Industry is dominated by four incumbent players   Koppers, Inc., Hoover Treated Wood Products,
Inc., Viance and Arch/Lonza Chemicals, Inc. It is likely that competitors will field their own offerings, and while a few already
exist in partial or equivalent form to Eco Red Shield , none have successfully commercialized a complete alternative.  

It
is likely that competitors will field their own offerings, and a few already exist in partial or equivalent form, such as FrameGuard
and Wolman  AG wood treatment offered by Arch/Lonza Chemical, TRUE-CORE  offered by Kop-Coat and Nature Wood offered by
Osmose, Inc. These products and more are continuing to show up in the market resultant of the many years ECOB has spent identifying
the need for topical coatings. To date none of these topical coatings have the full suite of protection offered by Eco Red Shield.
These chemical companies sell to independent wood treaters and lumberyards. The unique position of ECOB is to provide protection
to the wood framing components that never before employed any such protection. Being able to offer the treatment at a reasonable
cost value proposition will be an ECOB competitive advantage. ECOB s vision is providing protection to the majority of wood
framed structures that nobody, up until now, has paid attention to.  

The
Fire Pressure Treating Industry is dominated by three incumbent players   Koppers, Inc., Hoover Treated Wood Products, Inc.
and Arch/Lonza Chemicals, Inc. It is likely that competitors will field their own offerings, and a few already exist in partial
or equivalent form, such as FrameGuard offered by Arch/Lonza Chemical and Nature Wood offered by Osmose, Inc.  

Employees   

As
of June 30, 2016, we had 4 full time employees consisting of Mr. Tom Comery, our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark Vuozzo, our
Chief Technical Officer, a Controller and a Production Coordinator.  

After
our fiscal year end of June 30, 2015, we hired a part-time Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Randall Smith who devoted approximately
20 hours per week to our business. As of September 13, 2016, Mr. Randall Smith has resigned as the Company s Chief Financial
Officer. Tom Comery has assumed the duties as Chief Financial Officer in the interim.  

We
expect to continue to use contract labor, management consultants, attorneys, accountants, engineers, and other professionals as
necessary to support our management and administrative requirements. The need for employees and their availability will be addressed
on a continuing basis.  

Governmental
Regulation   

The
use of assets and/or conduct of business that we are pursuing will be subject to environmental, public health and safety, land
use, trade, EPA and other governmental regulations, as well as state and/or local taxation. The coating product offered by the
Company, Eco Red Shield, falls into the  Treated Article Exemption 40 CFR 152.25(a) as stated by the EPA. The company has
taken all necessary steps including legal review of all claims made to assure strict compliance for product claims meeting the
treated article exemption. Furthermore, compliance with product labeling of all constituents employed in the manufacturing have
been reviewed by third party consultants to insure proper use as specified by product manufacturers. These consultants ensure
that product labeling is in strict compliance with local, state and federal regulations as represented in the original manufacturer
- or supplier-published materials. In acquiring and/or developing businesses in the wood treatment industry, management will endeavor
to ascertain, to the extent possible due to its current limited resources, the effects of such government regulation on our prospective
business. In certain circumstances, however, such as the acquisition of an interest in a new or start-up business activity, it
may not be possible to predict with any degree of accuracy the impact of all potential government regulation. Additionally, ECOB
complies with Rules and Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

WHERE
YOU CAN GET ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   

We
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy our reports
or other filings made with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549.
You can obtain information on the operations of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You can also access
these reports and other filings electronically on the SEC s web site,  www.sec.gov .  

Item
    1A.   
          Risk
    Factors     

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this item.  

An
investment in the Company s common stock involves a high degree of risk. One should carefully consider the following risk
factors in evaluating an investment in the Company s common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the
trading price of the Company s common stock could decline, and one could lose all or part of one s investment. One
should also refer to the other information set forth in this report, including the Company s consolidated financial statements
and the related notes.  

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS   

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this report before
making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated into this annual report
on Form 10-K that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price
of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment  

WE
RELY ON TRADE SECRET LAWS AND AGREEMENTS WITH OUR KEY EMPLOYEES AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES TO PROTECT OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, AND
THESE LAWS OR AGREEMENTS MAY NOT ADEQUATELY PROTECT OUR RIGHTS.   

We
have acquired license rights for our treatment of wood, and may acquire or develop other products and processes that it believes
may be patentable. Our success depends upon our ability to protect our proprietary formulations and license rights. We rely on
a combination of trademark and trade secret laws, nondisclosure and other contractual agreements with employees and third parties
to protect our proprietary formulations and trademarks. The steps we take to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate
to protect misappropriation of such rights, and third parties may independently develop equivalent or superior formulations in
spite of our efforts. We have no patents, and existing trade secret and copyright laws provide only limited protection. We may
be subject to or may initiate interference proceedings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, which can demand significant
financial and management resources. Although we believe that our products and formulations do not infringe upon the proprietary
rights of others, it is possible that third parties will assert infringement claims against us in the future. Litigation, which
could result in substantial costs and could divert our efforts, may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or
to defend us against claimed infringement of the rights of others. The failure to obtain necessary licenses or other rights or
litigation arising out of infringement claims could have a material adverse effect on our business operations. However, we can
give no assurance that our confidentiality agreements will be enforced or that competitors will not independently develop similar
formulas or processes.  

IF
WE CANNOT SUCCESSFULLY COMPETE WITH EXISTING WOOD PRODUCING COMPANIES THAT HAVE GREATER RESOURCES THAN WE HAVE, OUR BUSINESS WILL
NOT SURVIVE.   

The
wood protection industry is highly competitive. Virtually all of the manufacturers, distributors and marketers of wood products
have substantially greater management, financial, research and development, marketing and manufacturing resources than we do.
We face competition in all of our markets from large, national companies and smaller, regional companies, as well as from individuals.
Many of our competitors are larger and have greater financial resources. We from time to time will experience price pressure in
certain of our markets as a result of competitors  promotional pricing practices. Competition is based on product quality,
functionality, price, brand loyalty, effective promotional activities and the ability to identify and satisfy emerging preferences.  

OUR
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES ARE NOT ADEQUATE .    

Our
management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the   Exchange Act  )) are not adequate to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in SEC rules and forms.  

We
do not have adequate personnel to provide required review of day-to-day financial transactions and review of financial statement
disclosures. To remediate the control deficiencies, one of several specific additional steps that we believe we must undertake
is to retain a consulting firm to, among other things, design and implement adequate systems of accounting and financial statement
disclosure controls to comply with the applicable SEC requirements. There is no assurance that we will be able to implement these
plans in the future, if at all.  

WE
WILL REQUIRE ADDITIONAL FUNDS THROUGH THE SALE OF OUR SECURITIES, WHICH REQUIRES FAVORABLE MARKET CONDITIONS AND INTEREST IN OUR
ACTIVITIES BY INVESTORS. WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL OUR SECURITIES AND FUNDING MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR CONTINUED OPERATIONS.   

We
will require substantial additional capital following the development and implementation of our business in order to market, arrange
for the sale of our products. Because we expect to have limited cash flow from operations during the next twelve months, we will
need to raise additional capital, which may be in the form of loans from current stockholders and/or from public and private equity
offerings. Our ability to access capital will depend on our success in implementing our business plan. It will also depend upon
the status of the capital markets at the time such capital is sought. Should sufficient capital not be available, the implementation
of our business plan could be delayed and, accordingly, the implementation of our business strategy would be adversely affected.
If we are unable to raise additional funds in the future, we may have to cease all substantive operations. In such event it would
not be likely that investors would obtain a profitable return on their investment or a return of their investment at all.  

WE
HAVE BEEN THE SUBJECT OF A GOING CONCERN OPINION FROM OUR INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS, RAISING A SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR
ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN.   

Our
independent registered public accountants included an explanatory paragraph in their audit report in connection with our financial
statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 stating that because we had recurring losses from operations, negative
cash flows from operations and a working capital deficit, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. These factors, along with others, may indicate that we will be unable to continue as a going concern for a period of
twelve months or less. Reports of independent auditors questioning a company s ability to continue as a going concern are
generally viewed unfavorably by analysts and investors, and this report may make it difficult for us to raise additional debt
or equity financing necessary to continue the development of our business plan.  

Our
continuation as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise additional funds through private placements of equity and/or
debt sufficient to pursue our business plan, to meet our current obligations and to cover operating expenses through June 30,
2017, our fiscal year end. There is no assurance that we will be able to secure additional funding in the future, and in the event
we are unable to raise additional capital in the near future, it is probable that any investment in our Company will be lost.  

WE
MAY ENGAGE IN TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE USE OF LEVERAGE, WHICH MAY EXPOSE US TO SIGNIFICANT RISKS.   

We
anticipate that we may incur substantial borrowings for the purpose of purchasing inventory and equipment, and for financing our
expansion and growth. Any amounts borrowed will depend, among other things, on the condition of financial markets. The purchase
of equipment and inventory, and the expansion of our business on a leveraged basis generally can be expected to be profitable
only if they generate, at a minimum, sufficient cash revenue to pay interest on, and to amortize, the related debt, to cover operating
expenses and to recover the equity investment. The use of leverage, under certain circumstances, may provide a higher return to
shareholders but will cause the risk of loss to shareholders to be greater than if we did not borrow, because fixed payment obligations
must be met on certain specified dates regardless of the amount of revenues derived by our operation. If debt service payments
are not made when due, we may sustain the loss of our equity investment in the assets securing the debt as a result of foreclosure
by the secured lender. Interest payable on our borrowings, if any, may vary with the movement of the interest rates charged by
banks to their prime commercial customers. Any increase in borrowing costs due to a rise in the  prime  or  base 
rates may reduce the amount of our net income and available cash.  

ATTEMPTS
TO GROW OUR BUSINESS COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS.   

Because
of our small size, we desire to grow rapidly in order to achieve certain economies of scale. To the extent that rapid growth does
occur, it will place a significant strain on our financial, technical, operational and administrative resources. Our planned growth
will result in increased responsibility for both existing and new management personnel. Effective growth management will depend
upon our ability to integrate new personnel, to improve our operational, management and financial systems and controls, to train,
motivate and manage our employees. If we are unable to manage growth effectively, our business, results of operations and financial
condition may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, it is possible that no growth will occur or that growth will
not produce profits. Our success will, in part, be dependent upon our ability to manage growth effectively.  

OUR
LACK OF PRODUCT AND BUSINESS DIVERSITY COULD INHIBIT OUR ABILITY TO ADAPT OUR BUSINESS TO INDUSTRY CHANGES AND DEVELOPMENTS.   

We
are currently only engaged in the chemical treatment of wood industry. Additionally, our efforts to date have been concentrated
in the North American market. This lack of diverse business operations exposes us to significant risks.  

Our
future success may be dependent upon our success in developing and expanding our areas of concentration and upon the general economic
success of the chemically treated wood industry. In addition, decline in the market demand for our products could have a material
adverse effect on our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.  

OUR
CONTINUED GROWTH DEPENDS ON RETAINING OUR CURRENT KEY EMPLOYEES, AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO CONTINUE TO DO SO.   

Our
success is largely dependent upon the efforts and abilities of Tom Comery, our Chief Executive Officer, President and director
of the Company. The loss of the services of Mr. Comery or other members of our senior management may significantly delay or prevent
the achievement of product development and other business objectives, and it is possible that we would not be able to replace
them adequately. Mr. Comery may resign at any time or we may terminate his employment at any time, and if we lose the services
of, or do not successfully recruit adequate replacement personnel, the growth of our business could be substantially impaired.
At present, we do not maintain key person insurance for Mr. Comery or any of our senior management.  

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTRACT OR RETAIN QUALIFIED SENIOR PERSONNEL.   

We
believe we are currently able to manage our current business with our existing management team. However, as we expand the scope
of our operations, we will need to obtain the full-time services of additional senior management and other personnel. Competition
for highly skilled personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain qualified senior
personnel. Our failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan. As we add full-time
senior personnel, our overhead expenses for salaries and related items will increase from current levels and, depending upon the
number of personnel we hire and their compensation packages, these increases could be substantial.  

UNCERTAINTY
AND ADVERSE CHANGES IN THE GENERAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS OF MARKETS IN WHICH WE PARTICIPATE MAY NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.   

Current and future conditions in the economy
have an inherent degree of uncertainty. It is even more difficult to estimate growth or contraction in various parts, sectors
and regions of the economy, including the markets in which we participate. As a result, it is difficult to estimate the level
of growth or contraction for the economy as a whole. Adverse changes may occur as a result of soft global economic conditions,
oil prices, wavering consumer confidence, unemployment, declines in stock markets, contraction of credit availability, or other
factors affecting economic conditions in general. These changes may negatively affect the sales of our products, increase exposure
to losses from bad debts, increase the cost and decrease the availability of financing, or increase costs associated with manufacturing
and distributing our wood protection products. 

WE
HAVE NOT AND DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING DIVIDENDS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE.   

We
have not declared any cash dividends to date with respect to our Common Stock, Preferred C Series and Preferred D series Stock.
We do not anticipate paying dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future since we will use all of our earnings, if
any, to finance the development of our operations.  

OUR
QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS ARE LIKELY TO FLUCTUATE, WHICH MAY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE.   

Our
quarterly revenues, expenses, net sales, net income, operating results and gross profit margins vary significantly from quarter
to quarter. As a result, our operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors in some quarters,
which could result in a decrease in the market price of our Common Stock. The reasons our quarterly results may fluctuate include,
among other factors, the following:  

variations
    in profit margins attributable to product mix;    

changes
    in the general competitive and economic conditions;    

delays
    in, or uneven timing in the delivery of, customer orders; and    

the
    introduction of new products by us or our competitors.    

Our
planned operating expenditures each quarter are based on sales forecasts for the quarter, however period to period comparisons
of our results should not be relied on as indications of future performance. If sales do not meet expectations in any given quarter,
operating results for the quarter may be materially and adversely affected.  

IF
AND WHEN WE SELL OUR PRODUCTS, WE MAY BE LIABLE FOR PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS.   

The
chemical coating of wood that we are developing may expose us to potential liability from personal injury or property damage claims
by end-users of our products. There is no assurance that our product liability insurance will be adequate to protect us against
the risk that in the future a product liability claim or product recall could materially and adversely affect our business.  

Inability
to obtain and maintain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability
claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products. Moreover, even if we maintain adequate insurance, any successful
claim could materially and adversely affect our reputation and prospects, and divert management s time and attention. If
we are sued for any injury allegedly caused by our future products our liability could exceed our total assets and our ability
to pay the liability.  

Risks
Related to our Common Stock    

OUR
COMMON STOCK IS CLASSIFIED AS PENNY STOCK, AND IT CONTINUES TO BE EXTREMELY ILLIQUID, SO INVESTORS MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL AS
MUCH STOCK AS THEY WANT AT PREVAILING MARKET PRICES.   

Our
Common Stock is currently generally classified as a penny stock. Penny stocks generally include equity securities with a price
of less than $5.00 that trade on the over-the-counter market. As a result, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of
or obtain accurate quotations as to the price of the securities that are classified as penny stocks. The  penny stock 
rules adopted by the Commission under the Exchange Act subject the sale of the shares of penny stock issuers to regulations that
impose sales practice requirements on broker-dealers, causing many broker-dealers to not trade penny stocks or to only offer the
stocks to sophisticated investors that meet specified net worth or net income criteria identified by the Commission. These regulations
contribute to the lack of liquidity of penny stocks.  

OUR
STOCK PRICE AND TRADING VOLUME MAY BE VOLATILE, WHICH COULD RESULT IN LOSSES FOR OUR STOCKHOLDERS.   

The
equity trading markets may experience periods of volatility, which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of
equity securities. The market of our Common Stock could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, industry
or operating performance and financial condition. In addition, the trading volume in our Common Stock may fluctuate and cause
significant price variations to occur. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations
in the price or trading volume of our Common Stock include:  

Actual
    or anticipated quarterly variations in our operating results;    

Changes
    in expectations as to our future financial performance or changes in financial estimates, if any;    

Announcements
    relating to our business or the business of our competitors;    

Conditions
    generally affecting the wood treatment industry;    

The
    success of our operating strategy; and    

The
    operating and stock performance of other comparable companies.    

Many
of these factors are beyond our control, and we cannot predict their potential effects on the price of our Common Stock. We cannot
assure you that the market price of our Common Stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly.  

FINRA
SALES PRACTICE REQUIREMENTS LIMIT A STOCKHOLDERS  ABILITY TO BUY AND SELL OUR STOCK   

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) has adopted rules which require that in recommending an investment to a
customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior
to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under
interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not
be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our Common Stock, which has the effect of reducing the level of trading activity and liquidity of our Common Stock.
Further, many brokers charge higher transactional fees for penny stock transactions. As a result, fewer broker-dealers are willing
to make a market in our Common Stock, reducing a stockholders  ability to resell shares of our Common Stock.  

Item
    1B.   
          Unresolved
    Staff Comments     

None.  

Item
2.   
          Properties     

We
maintain our official US address of record at 11568 Sorrento Valley Road #13, San Diego, CA. We currently pay $2,807 a month in
rent with an additional amount of $963 for common area maintenance. We do not own any properties and at this time have no agreements
to acquire any properties.  

Corporate
Headquarters   

In
February 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to lease office facilities with a small warehouse at our San Diego, CA location.
The term of the lease is for three years. The initial monthly installment of base rent amount was calculated by multiplying the
initial monthly base rental rate per rentable square foot amount by the number of rentable square feet of space in the premises.
In all subsequent base rent payment periods during the lease term commencing on March 1, 2017, the calculation of each monthly
installment of base rent amount reflects an annual increase of three and one half percent (3.5%). The details on the lease are
as follows:  

Base
    rentals - $2,807 per month   

Base
    rental increase of 3.5% per year   

Company
    is responsible to pay its proportionate share of common area maintenance   estimated at $963 per month   

Termination
    date   April 30, 2019   

Renewal
    Option   Yes   

Security
    Deposit - $9,333   

Operations
Facilities   

The
Company also maintains three facilities of operation. The following locations are currently leased and in effect.  

Augusta,
    Georgia (Periodic Month to Month Tenancy as of July 2016)   

Month
    to month agreement was entered into and agreed upon   

We
    pay a monthly lease payment of $3,000   

We
    can use the premises for processing and treatment of wood and wood products, but is currently used as a storage facility   

Item
3.   
          Legal
    Proceedings     

Except
as disclosed below, we are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on
our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by
any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive
officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our
subsidiaries or of our company s or our company s subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities as
such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.  

At
June 30, 2016, the Company owed approximately $730,000 in past due federal and state payroll taxes, of which approximately $660,000
is due to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). The Company subsequently paid $25,000 to the IRS under a $20,000 per month payment
arrangement which the Company is in default. The Company continues to negotiate with the IRS to re-establish a payment plan for
past due taxes. Currently the IRS has acknowledged the situation and so far, has set an expectation that we must stay current
with our federal and state taxes. The Company continues to stay current with state and federal payroll tax liabilities. No such
arrangement exists for State tax purposes.  

On
October 6, 2015, the landlord for the Vista, CA location filed a complaint against us in the Superior Court of California, County
of San Diego for a Breach of Contract for a Promissory Note that we issued to him in connection with unpaid lease payments that
we owed in the amount of $151,272.65 under the terms of the lease that we entered into for our Vista, CA location. As of June
30, 2016, no payments have been made against this obligation.  

On
May 27, 2016, the prior landlord of the Tacoma, WA, facility obtained a judgment for the collection of unpaid rent
in the amount of 168,998 inclusive of interest   attorney fees.  

On
or about October 15, 2016, A Summons   Complaint has been filed for the sum of $31,118 pertaining to a default on a contract
with World Global Financing.  

Item
4.   
          Mine
    Safety Disclosures     

Not
Applicable.  

      PART
II    

Item
5.   
          Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities     

Market
Information   

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol  ECOB .  

Price
Range of Common Stock   

The
table below sets forth the high and low closing price per share of our common stock for each quarter of our last two years. These
prices represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.  

Approximate
Number of Equity Security Holders   

At
June 30, 2016, there were approximately 114 holders of record of our Common Stock. Because shares of our common stock are held
by depositaries, brokers and other nominees, the number of beneficial holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number
of stockholders of record.  

There
are 20,000,000 warrants outstanding to purchase shares of our Common Stock subject to conditions and limitations. See note 8 -
Options  

There
were no warrants issued during the year of 2016.  

Stock
Option Grants   

-  
      The Company had, previous to 2016, issued 800,000 shares as options to the Chief Technical Officer which are outstanding as of June 30, 2016   

-  
      The Company granted 25,000,000 shares as options to a consultant in fiscal 2015 which have expired.   

-  
      As partial consideration for the Executive Severance Agreement and General Release of All Claims Agreement (the  Separation Agreement ) entered into between ECOB and Steve Conboy on June 15, 2015, the Company issued an option to purchase 5,772,857 shares which equals one percent (1%) of the total number of shares outstanding on the date of the Separation Agreement with an exercise price of $0.0038 (which is the closing price on the date of the grant). This option grants vests as follows: (i) 50% vested immediately; and (ii) 50% vests on December 18, 2015. As of June 30, 2016, Steve Conboy has not chosen to exercise this option.   

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities   

Series
D Preferred Stock Financing   

On
March 31, 2015, we filed a Certificate of Designations for Series D Preferred Stock which authorized 10,000 shares of a newly-created
Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Preferred D Stock ).  

The
terms of the Preferred D Stock are as follows:  

The
    Preferred D Stock shall have no voting rights.   

The
    Preferred D Stock is convertible at any time at 60% of the lowest VWAP of the 25 days leading up to conversion multiplied
    by the stated value of $100.   

The
    Preferred D Stock has a 12% per annum stated dividend rate, which is calculated daily on a 360 day year. Any dividends, whether
    paid in cash or shares of Common Stock, that not paid within five trading days following a dividend payment date shall continue
    to accrue and shall entail a late fee at 18% per annum. In addition, the dividend rate of 12% is subject to an adjustment
    up to 18% if at any time the Company does not have an amount equal to or greater than 150% of the authorized but unissued
    common shares that would be required (on an  if converted  basis) to settle the conversion of Preferred D Stock
    outstanding. As of June 30, 2016 the Company has accrued dividends for Preferred D Stock in the amount of $339,235. The amount
    of dividends has not yet been determined by the Company and the holders whether to be payable in cash, common stock or additional
    shares of Preferred D Stock.   

The
    Preferred D Stock shall have a liquidation preference equal to the stated value of each share of Preferred Stock or $100 per
    share.   

On
July 2, 2015, the Board approved, and on July 8, 2015 filed with the Secretary of State for the State of Colorado, the Articles
of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series D 12% Convertible Preferred
Stock. The amendment increased the number of shares of Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock that are designated to be issued
from 10,000 shares to 20,000 shares of Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock. There were no other changes to the terms of our
Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock. This amendment was approved in writing by a majority of the holders of the Series D
12% Convertible Preferred Stock. The Articles of Amendment is attached hereto as an exhibit.  

As
of June 30, 2015, we have issued 9,979 shares of Series D Preferred Stock. As of June 30, 2016, an additional 10,968 shares of
Series D Preferred Stock have been issued, leaving a total balance of 20,947 shares of Series D Preferred Stock. All of these
Series D shares remain outstanding. None have been converted or redeemed by the Company.  

Series
C Preferred Stock Financing   

On
May 30, 2014, the Company authorized 120,000 shares of a newly-created Series C 12% Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001
per share (the  Preferred C Stock ).  

The
terms of the Preferred C Stock are as follows:  

The
    Preferred C Stock shall have no voting rights.   

The
    Preferred C Stock is convertible at any time at 60% of the lowest VWAP of the 20 days leading up to conversion multiplied
    by the stated value of $100.   

The
    Preferred C Stock has a 12% per annum stated dividend rate, which is calculated daily on a 360 day year. Any dividends, whether
    paid in cash or shares of Common Stock, that are not paid within five trading days following a dividend payment date shall
    continue to accrue and shall entail a late fee at 18% per annum. In addition, the dividend rate of 12% is subject to an adjustment
    up to 18% if at any time the Company does not have an amount equal to or greater than 150% of the authorized but unissued
    common shares that would be required (on an  if converted  basis) to settle the conversion of Preferred C Stock
    outstanding. As of June 30, 2016, the Company has accrued dividends on Preferred C Stock in the amount of $3,628,584. The
    amount of dividends has not yet been determined by the Company and the holders whether to be payable in cash, common stock
    or additional shares of Preferred C Stock.   

The
    Preferred C Stock shall have a liquidation preference equal to the stated value of each share of Preferred Stock or $100 per
    share.   

As
of June 30, 2015, we have issued 118,069 shares of Series C Preferred Stock. As of June 30, 2016, no additional shares of Series
C Preferred Stock have been issued. The Company has converted a total of 20,979 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, leaving a
total balance of 97,090 shares of Series C Preferred Stock as of June 30, 2016.  

On
August 22, 2016, the Board approved, and on October 12, 2016 filed with the Secretary of State for the State of Colorado, the
Articles of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series D 12% Convertible
Preferred Stock. The amendment increased the number of shares of Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock that are designated
to be issued from 20,000 shares to 30,000 shares of Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock. There were no other changes to the
terms of our Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock. This amendment was approved in writing by a majority of the holders of
the Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock. The Articles of Amendment is attached hereto as an exhibit.  

Item
6.   
          Selected
    Financial Data     

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item
7.   
          Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016
and 2015 and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, and the notes to those financial statements that are
included elsewhere in this Report.   

Results
of Operations for the Year end June 30, 2016 as Compared to the Year ended June 30, 2015    

On
April 15, 2015, the Company sold E Build   Truss to a group of employees in exchange for the acceptance of accounts payable
and cancellation of accrued salaries (See Note 12 of the Footnotes to the Financial Statements).  

In
January and April, 2015, the Company consolidated the Colton and Salem facilities into a new coating services only plant in Tacoma,
Washington to serve the Western United States. Operations began in April 2015 and were treating lumber for various customers.  

In
January 2016, the Company made a conscious decision to shut down the Tacoma, WA. Facility as well as all coating operations with
the exception of the Augusta, GA. plant to significantly reduce overhead and focus primary on chemical sales to our affiliate
network affording the Company with higher margin sales opportunities.  

In
the execution of the Company s business plan, it has been observed that the traditional wood treating market has demonstrated
resistance of market acceptance for Eco Red Shield technology as a competitive product or alternative. The Company views this
resistance in a positive manner as this perception of competition is misplaced. In July of 2015 the Company divided the Eco Red
Shield product line into three specific types meeting the current and future Technical Evaluation Reports (TER) for product use
as specified by the International Building Codes (IBC) in an attempt to better represent the product for various uses and allow
the product to compete while maintaining significant margins. The first division of the product line are referred to as Sill Plate
(SP), this product provides all of the original attributes minus the fire inhibitor component. Eco Red Shield (SP) is approved
for use in above ground contact, for use where typical pressure treating lumber has been used for decades.  

The
elimination of the fire inhibitor allows the company to sell Eco Red Shield (SP) at great margin and compete with
traditional pressure treating sales. The second division of the product line are referred to as  Advanced Framing
Lumber  (AFL), this product provides all of the original attributes plus a reduced amount of the fire inhibitor component.
This allows the Company to offer a product with value added fire resistance however the fire aspect does not meet IBC
standards for structural use. This offering is meant to treat the entire framing package of a home at an affordable price and
still allow the company to maintain significant margins. The third division of the product line are referred to as Fire
Treated (FT), this product provides all of the original attributes plus the original amount of the fire inhibitor component.
The Company has met IBC section 2303.2 structural fire standards for Douglas Fir and Spruce (SPF) dimensional lumber for use
as an alternate material for traditional Fire Retardant Treated Wood (FRTW). This offering is meant to treat dimensional
lumber for use as an alternate material in commercial and multifamily buildings were FRTW is specified for use. Typically
pressure treated FRTW prices are much higher than other preservation offerings and this allows the Company to compete and
still maintain great margins. Eco Red Shield technology was developed to provide protection for the entire super structure of
wood framed construction not typically employed by traditional wood treatment process. With the product line division (SP)
and (FT) meet IBC uses and will compete head to head with traditional methods and (AFL) is meant for value added sales. The
traditional wood preservation and treatment industry comprises approximately 6 to 8 percent of the entire wood sold on an
annual basis. Eco Red Shield - AFL was developed to provide a low cost protection for the other 94 percent of the market
currently not employing any protection for lumber products. The Company recognized this division in the market and has now
positioned the products to better service the market segments of the industry. The Company feels that the paradigm
shift towards full framing protection has happened and the category of topical treated lumber within the industry has been
created and will never go away. It is now time for Eco Building Products to capitalize on the opportunity in which we have
fought so hard and successfully created.  

Revenues
and Cost of Sales  - For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 we had total revenues of $445,980, as compared to $2,090,084 in
revenues for the previous year. Decrease in revenue was primarily due to discontinuing operations in our New Jersey, Colton and
Washington facilities. Our cost of sales for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 was $850,714 and $3,164,324,
respectively. The gross loss for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 was $404,734 and $1,074,240, respectively.
The gross loss for both years can be attributed to underpricing products, production worker over-staffing, plant consolidation
and closing costs and excess capacity in all of our production facilities. The Company was not successful in making enough sales
and margin on the sales we did achieve to support the operations. A drastic change in the business model was implemented to limit
the production of the Company to the supply of chemicals only to our affiliate treatment facilities. This change will afford minimal
overhead with significant margins allowing the Company a faster path towards self-sustaining activities. The Company is now heavily
focused on R D and growth of our affiliate network.  

Operating
Expenses  - For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, our total operating expenses were $2,052,303 which includes depreciation
expense and amortization expense, as compared to $2,862,767 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015. Included in our operating
expenses for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 was compensation costs of $765,955, rent of $67,985, other general and administrative
costs of $572,276, professional fees of $295,486, and research and development expenses of $275,170. The main change in operating
expenses is correlated to a reduction in employee head count and other cost reduction measures.  

Other
Income (Expenses)  - For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, total interest expense of $602,676 and amortization expense of
$411,061 primarily representing interest on the convertible notes and interest to secured promissory note holders. The Company
recognized $21,508,826 loss on derivative liability due to change in the fair value of the derivative liability, the derivative
expense of $2,142,445 is related to convertible debt and convertible preferred shares issued.  

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, total interest and amortization expense was $1,908,748 due to debt discounts being amortized.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

On
June 30, 2016, we had $45,153 in cash on hand. During the year ended June 30, 2016, net cash used in our operating activities
amounted to $1,733,043. Net cash used during the same period for our investing activities totaled $174,426. During the same year,
we received proceeds resulting in net cash from financing activities of $1,912,316 of which $1,097,082 was received from the issuance
of Series D Preferred Stock.  

The
following table sets forth selected cash flow information for the year ended June 30, 2016:  

PLAN
OF OPERATION AND FUNDING  

We
expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances
of securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business.  

Existing
working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations
over the next six months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations
to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management
anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory and
raw materials; (ii) developmental expenses associated with a development stage business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend
to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise
additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible
debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or
privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate
funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business
endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations.  

Critical
Accounting Policies    

Long-Lived
Assets   

The
Company accounts for its long-lived assets in accordance with ASC Topic 360-10-05,   Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  .  ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate.
The Company assesses recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result
from the asset, including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, an
impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset s carrying value and fair value or disposable value.  

Issuances
Involving Non-Cash Consideration   

All
issuances of the Company s stock for non-cash consideration have been assigned a dollar amount equaling the market value
of the shares issued on the date the shares were issued for such services.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation under ASC Topic 505-50  Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees . This
standard defines a fair value based method of accounting for stock-based compensation. In accordance with ASC Topic 505-50, the
cost of stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized over the vesting
period. The value of the stock-based award is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, whereby compensation cost
is the excess of the fair value of the award as determined by the pricing model at the grant date or other measurement date over
the amount that must be paid to acquire the stock. The resulting amount is charged to expense on the straight-line basis over
the period in which the Company expects to receive the benefit, which is generally the vesting period. Options are granted at
a price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. Generally, options vest over periods not exceeding
four years and are exercisable for up to ten years from the grant date.  

Convertible
Debentures   

If
the conversions feature of conventional convertible debt provides for a rate of conversion that is below market value, this feature
is characterized as a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ). A BCF is recorded by the Company as a debt discount pursuant
to ASC Topic 470-20   Debt with Conversion and Other Options.   In those circumstances, the convertible debt
is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF and the Company amortizes the discount to interest expense over the life of
the debt using the effective interest method. If a BCF is convertible into a variable number of shares it is accounted for as
a derivative liability.  

Derivative
Financial Instruments   

Derivative
financial instruments, as defined in ASC 815,  Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities ,
consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate,
security price or other variable), require no initial net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments
may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further, derivative financial instruments are initially, and
subsequently, measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or, in rare instances, assets.  

The
Company does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow, market or foreign-currency risks. However,
the Company has issued financial instruments including senior convertible notes payable and freestanding stock purchase warrants
with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification, (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host
contracts, or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by ASC 815, in certain instances, these instruments
are required to be carried as derivative liabilities, at fair value, in our financial statements.  

The
Company estimates the fair values of derivative financial instruments using the Black-Scholes option valuation technique. Estimating
fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates (such as volatility,
estimated life and interest rates) that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes
in internal and external market factors. In addition, option-based techniques are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in
the trading market price of our common stock, which has a high-historical volatility. Since derivative financial instruments are
initially and subsequently carried at fair values, the Company s operating results will reflect the volatility in these
estimate and assumption changes.  

The
Company recorded derivative liability of $37,376,605 and $14,198,848 and a loss of $21,508,826 and a gain of $18,584,275 on derivative
valuation for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Revenue
Recognition and Concentration Risk   

The
Company records revenue when the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has
occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria
(3) and (4) are based on management s judgments regarding the fixed nature of the prices for the services performed and
the collectability of those amounts.  

The
Company generally recognizes revenue from product sales, including equipment, at the time product is shipped and title passes
to the customer assuming all the other revenue recognition criteria stated above are satisfied. Contract revenue where labor services
are performed is generally recognized when the labor services are performed assuming all the other revenue recognition criteria
stated above is satisfied. Sales are recorded net of any applicable sales tax.  

The
Company had product sales revenue of $445,980 with $207,338 revenue from one customer representing 46% of total sales for year
ended June 30, 2016. $125,535 revenue came from two customers representing, 28% of total sales.  

The
Company had product sales revenue of $787,096 and $340,770 to two customers, representing 32% and 14% of total sales for year
ended June 30, 2015, respectively. No long term fixed contracts control any future sales to these customers.  

Warranty
Costs   

The
Company provides a ten-year warranty on its products. The Company accrues for the estimated warranty costs at the time when revenue
is recognized. The warranty accruals are regularly monitored by management based upon historical experience and any specifically
identified failures. While the Company engages in extensive product quality assessment, actual product failure rates, material
usage or service delivery has resulted in no warranty claims to date.  

Going
Concern   

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. To date, the Company has generated minimal operating
revenues, losses from operations, significant cash used in operating activities, and is dependent upon its ability to obtain future
financing.  

Our
continuation as a going concern is dependent upon obtaining the additional working capital necessary to sustain our operations.
Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations. The Company estimates the
current operational expenses of approximately one hundred and fifty thousand dollars a month is required to continue to operate.
This is achieved either through profit from sales or by management seeking additional financing through the sale of its common
stock, and/or through private placements. The minimum operational expenses must be met in order to relive the threat of the company s
ability to continue as a going concern. There is no assurance that our current operations will be profitable or that we will raise
sufficient funds to continue operating. The Company continues to try to trim overhead expenses at the same time increasing sales
to meet revenue goals. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event we cannot continue
in existence. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

If
current and projected revenue growth does not meet Management estimates, the Management may continue to choose to raise additional
capital through debt and/or equity transactions, reduce certain overhead costs through the deferral of salaries and other means,
and settle liabilities through negotiation. Currently, the Company does not have any commitments or assurances for additional
capital, nor can the Company provide assurance that such financing will be available to it on favorable terms, or at all. If,
after utilizing the existing sources of capital available to the Company, further capital needs are identified and the Company
is not successful in obtaining the financing, it may be forced to curtail its existing or planned future operations. The Company
has already taken steps to reduce expenses. Additionally, the Company has recently changed the product offering to better align
with our product certifications and the intended use. This has resulted in three products now marketed as  Sill Plate 
to meet the accolades of our TER 1511-09,  Advanced Framing Lumber  to meet the accolades of our TER 1511-10 which
includes the attributes of Sill Plate with the addition of our Fire Inhibitor. This product is meant for the full framing package
of a wood framed building and is sold as a value added protection. Our third product is offered as  Fire Treatment or FT 
to meet the accolades of our TER 1510-01 which includes all of the prior two accolades and is the original formulation meeting
the IBC Section 2303.2 as an alternate material to the use of Fire Retardant Treated Wood (FRTW). This change has afforded the
company and its affiliates the ability to address each segment of the market increasing sales opportunities and allowing the Company
to make a consistent margin on every sale. Nevertheless, the Company continues to experience cash flow difficulties and there
is no assurance of when it may be profitable.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements or financing activities with special purpose entities.  

Item
7A.   
          Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item
8.   
          Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data     

ECO
Building Products, Inc.   

Consolidated
Financial Statements   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  

  Eco
Building Products, Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eco Building Products, Inc. ( the Company ) as of June
30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  deficit, and cash flows for each
of the years in the two year period ended June 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Eco Building Products, Inc. as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the two year period ended June 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred accumulated losses and a working capital
deficit as of June 30, 2016 which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans concerning these matters are also described in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

ECO
BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.   

      CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

ECO
BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

T he
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

ECO
BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

ECO
BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

Eco
Building Products, Inc.   

      Footnotes
to Consolidated Financial Statements    

   June
30, 2016   

1.
Organization and Basis of Presentation   

Organization   

Eco
Building Products, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the state of Colorado under the name N8 Concepts, Inc.
on March 27, 2007.  

On
October 19, 2009, the Company merged with Ecoblu Products, Inc., a Nevada Corporation ( ECOBLU ). For financial reporting
purposes, the acquisition was treated as a reverse acquisition whereby ECOBLU s operations continue to be reported as if
it had actually been the acquirer.  

ECOBLU
was organized May 20, 2009 in Nevada as a wholesale distributor and manufacturer of proprietary wood products coated with an eco-friendly
chemistry that is designed to protect against mold, rot, decay, termites and fire. The Company has also developed an affiliate
coating program that allows lumber companies to coat commodity lumber at their facilities contingent upon their stocking the Company s
inventory and supporting the Company s products.  

On
April 8, 2011, the Company formed Red Shield Lumber, Inc. ( Red Shield ) in British Columbia, Canada. Red Shield was
formed for the purpose of opening a plant in Canada utilizing the Company s coating process to support sales and distribution.
As of June 30, 2016, the wholly owned subsidiary has no operating activity and we do not expect this subsidiary to begin operations
in the near future.  

On
May 31, 2011, the Company formed E Build   Truss, Inc. ( E Build ) on May 31, 2011 in the State of California.
E Build was formed for the purpose of operating the Company s truss manufacturing activities. In April, 2015, E Build was
sold. See  Discontinued Operations  footnote 12.  

In
December 2011, the Company formed Seattle Coffee Exchange ( Seattle ) in the State of California. This wholly-owned
subsidiary has not commenced its operations as of June 30, 2016, and the Company has no intention of operating Seattle Coffee
Exchange.  

Going
Concern   

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. To date the Company has recorded an accumulated
deficit of $101,454,836, current year net loss of $26,578,322, recurring losses from operations and significant cash used in operating
activities over the last two years, and is dependent upon its ability to obtain future financing and successful operations. The
Company is experiencing negative working capital from operations.  

Our
continuation as a going concern is dependent upon obtaining the additional working capital necessary to sustain our operations.
Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations. The Company estimates the
current operational expenses of approximately two hundred and fifty thousand dollars a month is required to continue to operate.
This is achieved either through profit from sales, obtaining additional financing through the sale of its common stock and/or
through private placements, and trimming overhead expenses. The minimum operational expenses must be met in order to relieve the
threat of the company s ability to continue as a going concern. There is no assurance that our current operations will be
profitable or we will raise sufficient funds to continue operating. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be
necessary in the event we cannot continue in existence. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern.  

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Principles
of Consolidation   

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Eco Building Products, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
E Build   Truss, Inc., Red Shield Lumber, Inc., and Seattle Coffee Exchange. Intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation. E Build   Truss was sold in April of 2015. See footnote 12.  

Accounts
Receivable   

Accounts
receivable are reported at the customers  outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest is not
accrued on overdue accounts receivable.  

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts   

An
allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivable is charged to operations in amounts sufficient to maintain the allowance
for uncollectible accounts at a level management believes is adequate to cover any probable losses. Management determines the
adequacy of the allowance based on historical write-off percentages, information collected from individual customers related to
past transaction history, credit-worthiness, changes in payments terms and current economic industry trends. Accounts receivable
are charged off against the allowance when collectability is determined to be permanently impaired. The allowance for doubtful
account was, $1,607 and $1,607, respectively, as of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, correspondingly, bad debt expense was $13,985
and $138,216 for June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 respectively.  

Inventories   

Inventories
primarily consist of chemicals, labor and lumber and are stated at lower of first-in-first out (FIFO) cost or market (net realizable
value). Net realizable value is the respective inventory s estimated selling price reduced by the cost of completion and
disposal. The Company also evaluates its inventories in an ongoing basis based on the demand of its inventories. If the Company
deemed that the inventories do not have demand, the Company reserves those slow moving inventories as obsolete inventories. As
of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the Company reserved $0 and $47,264 for obsolete inventory, respectively,
recorded in cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Property and equipment purchases with useful lives exceeding one year and major renewals and
improvements are charged to the asset accounts, while replacements and maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the
lives of the respective assets are expensed. At the time property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the asset
and related accumulated depreciation accounts are relieved of the applicable amounts. Gains or losses from retirements or sales
are credited or charged to income. Depreciation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of
assets that range from (3) to seven (7) years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over their useful life or the term of the
related lease, whichever is shorter. Depreciation expense is not recorded on idle property and equipment until such time as it
is placed into service.  

Long-Lived
Assets   

The
Company accounts for its long-lived assets in accordance with ASC Topic 360-10-05,   Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  .  ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate.
The Company assesses recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result
from the asset, including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, an
impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset s carrying value and fair value or disposable value.
Accordingly, as of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded on impairment expense of $0 and $207,172,
respectively.  

Issuances
Involving Non-Cash Consideration   

All
issuances of the Company s stock for non-cash consideration have been assigned a dollar amount equaling the market value
of the shares issued on the date the shares were issued for such services. The non-cash consideration received pertains to settlement
of accrued compensation, consulting and advisory services, debt cancellation, conversion of Preferred Series C shares and a related
party equipment purchase (See Note 8).  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation under ASC Topic 505-50  Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees . This
standard defines a fair value based method of accounting for stock-based compensation. In accordance with ASC Topic 505-50, the
cost of stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized over the vesting
period. The value of the stock-based award is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, whereby compensation cost
is the excess of the fair value of the award as determined by the pricing model at the grant date or other measurement date over
the amount that must be paid to acquire the stock. The resulting amount is charged to expense on the straight-line basis over
the period in which the Company expects to receive the benefit, which is generally the vesting period. Options are granted at
a price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. Generally, options vest over periods not exceeding
four years and are exercisable for up to ten years from the grant date.  

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share   

The
Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260-10,   Earnings per Share.   Basic
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number
of common shares available. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except that
the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential
common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. For the year-ended June 30, 2016, there was 226,787,983,333
common stock equivalents excluded from the diluted EPS calculation as their effect is anti-dilutive. For the year-ended June 30,
2015 there were 8,036,836,992 common stock equivalents that were included in the diluted EPS calculation.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

For
purpose of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include all stable, highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less.  

Credit
Risk   

At
times, the Company maintains cash balances at a financial institution in excess of the $250,000 FDIC insurance limit.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affects the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Convertible
Debentures   

If
the conversion features of conventional convertible debt provides for a rate of conversion that is below market value, this feature
is characterized as a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ). A BCF is recorded by the Company as a debt discount pursuant
to ASC Topic 470-20   Debt with Conversion and Other Options.   In those circumstances, the convertible debt
is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF and the Company amortizes the discount to interest expense over the life of
the debt using the effective interest method. If a BCF is convertible into a variable number of shares it is accounted for as
a derivative liability.  

Derivative
Financial Instruments   

Derivative
financial instruments, as defined in ASC 815,  Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities ,
consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate,
security price or other variable), require no initial net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments
may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further, derivative financial instruments are initially, and
subsequently, measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or, in rare instances, assets.  

The
Company does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow, market or foreign-currency risks. However,
the Company has issued financial instruments including senior convertible notes payable, convertible preferred stock and
freestanding stock purchase warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification, (ii) embody risks not
clearly and closely related to host contracts, or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by ASC 815, in
certain instances, these instruments are required to be carried as derivative liabilities, at fair value, in our financial statements.  

The
Company estimates the fair values of derivative financial instruments using the Black-Scholes option valuation technique. Estimating
fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates (such as volatility,
estimated life and interest rates) that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes
in internal and external market factors. In addition, option-based techniques are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in
the trading market price of our common stock, which has a high-historical volatility. Since derivative financial instruments are
initially and subsequently carried at fair values, the Company s operating results will reflect the volatility in these
estimate and assumption changes.  

The
Company recorded derivative liability of $37,376,605 and $14,198,848 and a loss of $21,508,826 and a gain of $18,584,275 on derivative
valuation for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Revenue
Recognition and Concentration Risk   

The
Company records revenue when the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has
occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria
(3) and (4) are based on management s judgments regarding the fixed nature of the prices for the services performed and
the collectability of those amounts.  

The
Company generally recognizes revenue from product sales, including equipment, at the time product is shipped and title passes
to the customer assuming all the other revenue recognition criteria stated above are satisfied. Contract revenue where labor services
are performed is generally recognized when the labor services are performed assuming all the other revenue recognition criteria
stated above is satisfied. Sales are recorded net of any applicable sales tax.  

The
Company had product sales revenue of $445,980 with $207,338 revenue from one customer representing 46% of total sales for year
ended June 30, 2016. $125,535 revenue came from two customers representing, 28% of total sales. No long term fixed contracts control
any future sales to these customers.  

The
Company had product sales revenue of $2,090,084, with $787,096 and $340,770 to two customers, representing 32% and 14% of total
sales for year ended June 30, 2015, respectively. No long term fixed contracts control any future sales to these customers.  

Cost
of Revenues   

Costs
of revenues include costs related to revenue recognized; such costs represent materials, labor, depreciation and amortization,
equipment rental, supplies, utilities, repair and maintenance. Certain expense reclassifications were made to the 2016 financial
statements to be consistent with the Company s current accounting practices.  

General
and Administrative Expenses   

General
and administrative expenses include management and administrative personnel costs; corporate office costs; accounting fees, legal
expense, information systems expense, and product marketing and sales expense.  

Research
and Development Expenses   

Research
and development expenses, consist of expenses related to its wood coating process. These expenses also include the salary of the
Chief Technical Officer for the current period, it is charged to operations when incurred. We incurred $275,170 and $71,921 for
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Advertising
Cost   

Advertising
costs are charged to operations when incurred. During in the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company incurred $75,431 and
$58,771 respectively in advertising and promotion costs.  

Shipping
and Handling Costs   

The
Company classifies shipping and handling costs associated with the receipt of product as part of cost of sales as reflected in
the statement of operations. The Company classifies costs associated with shipping product to customers as part of cost of goods
sold as reflected in the statement of operations.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for its income taxes under the provisions of ASC Topic 740   Income Taxes   . The method of
accounting for income taxes under ASC 740 is an asset and liability method. The asset and liability method requires the recognition
of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between tax bases and
financial reporting bases of other assets and liabilities.  

Litigation
and Settlement Costs   

Legal
costs are expensed as incurred. We are involved in disputes, litigation and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business.
We continually evaluate uncertainties associated with litigation and record a charge equal to at least the minimum estimated liability
for a loss contingency when both of the following conditions are met: (i) information available prior to issuance of the financial
statements indicates that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial
statements and (ii) the loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. In the event of settlement discussions, this generally
occurs when an agreement in principle has been reached by both parties that include substantive terms, conditions and amounts.
If a settlement has more than one element, we account for the agreement as a multiple element arrangement and allocate the consideration
to the identifiable elements based on relative fair value. Past multiple element settlement agreements have included the licensing
of intellectual property for future use and payments related to alleged prior infringement.  

Reclassifications   

Certain
expenses previously included in general and administrative in the prior year have been reclassified to cost of goods sold to reflect
current accounting practices.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03,  Interest
  Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  (ASU 2015-03), which resulted in the
reclassification of debt issuance costs from  Other Assets  to inclusion as a reduction of our reportable  Long-Term
Debt  balance on our consolidated balance sheets. Since ASU 2015-03 does not address deferred issuance costs for line-of-credit
arrangements, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,  Interest   Imputation of Interest: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement
of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  (ASU 2015-15), in August 2015. ASU 2015-15 allows a
company to defer debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements, including arrangements with no outstanding borrowings,
classify them as an asset, and amortize them over the term of the arrangements. We elected to adopt ASU 2015-03 early, with full
retrospective application as required by the guidance, and ASU 2015-15, which was effective immediately. These standards did not
have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets and had no impact on our cash flows provided by or used in operations
for any period presented.  

3.
Balance Sheet Components   

Inventories    

Inventories
consisted of the following:  

All
of the Company s inventories are pledged as collateral for the Company s Senior Secured Notes (see Note 5). In addition,
inventory is considered finished goods as the Company sells and markets chemicals and treated and untreated lumber.  

Accrued
Liabilities    

As
of June 30, 2016, the Company owed $719,568 in past due payroll taxes and accrued penalties. The Company has successfully made
an arrangement with the IRS for monthly payments for a $740,000 portion of the liability. These amounts are recorded within payroll
and taxes payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Also at June 30, 2016, the Company owed $65,349 in past due
sales tax in which it has filed the appropriate reports and is making periodic payments. Recently the Board of Equalization has
levied this debt against the bank account.  

As
of June 30, 2015, the Company owed $888,145 in past due payroll taxes and accrued penalties. The Company has successfully made
an arrangement with the IRS for monthly payments for a $740,000 portion of the liability. These amounts are recorded within payroll
and taxes payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Also at June 30, 2015, the Company owed $21,397 in past due
sales tax in which it has filed the appropriate reports and is making periodic payments.  

4.
Property and Equipment   

Property
and equipment consisted of the following:  

Eco
Building Products disposed of obsolescent or non-working fixed assets during the year ending June 30, 2016, A loss of $171,354
was recorded as a result of the disposal of these assets.  

Depreciation
charged to operations for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $150,104 and $211,884, respectively.  

See
Note 12 for sale of E Build   Truss assets and discontinued operations.  

5.
Notes Payable   

The
following tables summarize the Company s Notes Payable.  

Convertible
Notes    

The
following table is a roll-forward of the Company s Convertible Notes from July 1, 2014 to June 30, 2016:  

Inventory
Note Payable - $833,333    

On
September 16, 2014, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Dominion Capital, LLC, whereby Dominion agreed
to fund the Company with an aggregate of up to $750,000 in Subscription Amount corresponding to an aggregate of up to $833,333
in the form of a 10% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due September 16, 2015 and a Common Stock
Purchase Warrant for up to 20,000,000 shares. This funding was to be used exclusively to purchase lumber and chemicals and was
to be dispersed from an escrow account. On September 29, 2014, Dominion transferred and assigned the Note and the Warrant to M2B
Funding Corporation. The Note has a fixed conversion price of $0.20 subject to certain adjustments. The Company will repay the
Note in monthly installments, with the final payment was due on October 16, 2015. The Company is in default on this note and is
subject to an increase in the interest rate to eighteen percent (18%) per annum. During the year ended June 30, 2016 this investor
converted a total of $35,877 into 219,321,375 shares of common stock. The Company recorded amortization of discounts totaling
$230,905 during the year, leaving the discount balance $0 at June 30, 2016. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $944,902
plus accrued interest of $364,057.  

Note
Payable - $100,000    

On
November 12, 2014, the Company entered into, with a private investor, a Promissory Note for $100,000, with an original issue discount
of $20,000, for net proceeds to the Company of $80,000 for the purpose of funding operations and for general working capital.
In addition, the Company issued 12,500,000 restricted common shares. On May 14, 2015, the holder converted $20,000 of this note
into 10,000,000 shares of common stock. The conversion represented a substantial modification of the note s original terms
and as a result the Company recognized a loss of $47,000. The note was in default on May 15, 2015. Default provisions included
additional interest at 18%. During the year ended June 30, 2016 this investor converted $31,700 into 304,000,000 shares of common
stock. The Company recorded amortization of discounts totaling $69,918 during the year, leaving the discount balance $0 at June
30, 2016. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $48,300 plus accrued interest of $11,966.  

Senior
Convertible Note - $14,167    

On
November 10, 2015, the Company entered into, with a private investor, a Senior Convertible Note for $14,167, with an original
issue discount of $1,417, for net proceeds to the Company of $12,750 for the purpose of funding operations and for general working
capital. The maturity date is one year from the issuance date. In the event of default, the Note is subject to an increase in
the interest rate to twenty-two percent (22%) per annum. The holder can convert at a 40% discount to the lowest volume weighted
average price in the previous twenty-five trading day period. In the event of default the conversion price is equal to 55% of
the lowest traded price in the prior thirty trading days. The Company recorded amortization of discounts totaling $9,043 during
the year, leaving the discount balance $5,124 at June 30, 2016. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $14,167 plus accrued
interest of $1,990.  

Senior
Convertible Note - $14,167    

On
November 30, 2015, the Company entered into, with a private investor, a Senior Convertible Note for $14,167, with an original
issue discount of $1,417, for net proceeds to the Company of $12,750 for the purpose of funding operations and for general working
capital. The maturity date is one year from the issuance date. In the event of default, the Note is subject to an increase in
the interest rate to twenty-two percent (22%) per annum. The holder can convert at a 40% discount to the lowest volume weighted
average price in the previous twenty-five trading day period. In the event of default the conversion price is equal to 51% of
the lowest traded price in the prior thirty trading days. The Company recorded amortization of discounts totaling $8,267 during
the year, leaving the discount balance $5,900 at June 30, 2016. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $14,167 plus accrued
interest of $1,819.  

Senior
Convertible Note - $13,889    

On
December 30, 2015, the Company entered into a convertible note for $13,889 (with an original issue discount of $1,389, for net
proceeds to the Company of $12,500). The note accrued interest at 22% per annum. The note matures one year from the date of issuance.
The holder can convert at a 40% discount to the lowest volume weighted average price in the previous twenty-five trading day period.
In the event of default the conversion price is equal to 51% of the lowest traded price in the prior thirty trading days. The
Company recorded amortization of discounts totaling $6,964 during the year, leaving the discount balance $6,925 at June 30, 2016.
The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $13,889 plus accrued interest of $1,532.  

Senior
Convertible Note - $22,222    

On
June 30, 2016, the Company entered into a convertible note for $22,222 (with an original issue discount of $2,222, for net proceeds
to the Company of $20,000). The note accrued interest at 12% per annum. The note matures one year from the date of issuance. The
holder can convert at a 40% discount to the lowest volume weighted average price in the previous twenty-five trading day period.
In the event of default the conversion price is equal to 51% of the lowest traded price in the prior thirty trading days. The
Company recorded amortization of discounts totaling $0 during the year, leaving the discount balance $22,222 at June 30, 2016.
The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $22,222 plus accrued interest of $0.  

Convertible
Promissory Notes - $389,400    

From
March 17, 2016 through June 30, 2016, the Company entered into multiple (14) convertible notes totaling $389,400 (with an original
issue discount of $35,400, for net proceeds to the Company of $354,000). The Notes are subject to upfront interest of $2,500 for
each note and at default is subject to 24% default rate (most notes default in December of 2016 and some in March of 2017). The
holder can convert into Series D Preferred Stock. The Company recorded amortization of discounts totaling $69,613 during the year,
leaving the discount balance $290,787 at June 30, 2016. The balance of this notes at June 30, 2016 is $389,400 plus accrued interest
of $35,000.  

Derivative
Liabilities:    

During
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued convertible notes, convertible preferred stock, warrants, and stock
options that can be converted to common stock in connection with raising equity and debt financing and granting compensation.
As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s number of potential common shares plus the number of actual common shares outstanding
( Committed Shares ) exceeded the number of common shares authorized to issue in accordance with ASC 815-40-19  Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity . The number of outstanding common shares plus the potential common share liability has exceeded
the amount of authorized shares, therefore the Company has to employ ASC 815-40-19 ( ASC 815 ) to value common share
equivalents potentially issuable to settle conversions of convertible notes, convertible preferred shares and exercise of options
and warrants.  

The
Company values its derivative financial instruments, consisting primarily of embedded conversion features for its stock options,
warrants, convertible debt, and convertible preferred stock at issuance at fair value and revalues its derivative financial instruments
at the end of each reporting period or in the case of any conversion or modification of terms, at the date of any such modification
or conversion. Any change in fair value is charged to earnings of the period where the derivative financial instrument is modified
or converted. During the current fiscal year, with the increase in issuance of Preferred D and Convertible Notes that have a conversion
price predicated on the stock price the fair value of these derivative financial instruments was determined using a path-dependent
Monte Carlo simulation. In the year ended June 30, 2015 the fair values of the embedded conversion features for the stock options,
warrants, convertible debt, and convertible preferred stock were determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
Company changed from the Black Scholes method to the Monte Carlo method as the Company considered the Monte Carlo methodology
to be clearly defined in the accuracy of variables and iterations.  

The
ranges of inputs (or assumptions) the Company used to value the derivative liabilities at note or equity issuance, conversion
dates, and at period end during the year ended June 30, 2016 were as follows:  

For
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of $453,844 of convertible notes net of debt discount, including
$64,445 in new senior convertible notes with one year maturities, and $389,399 in convertible promissory notes that mature from
to December 30, 2016 to January 30, 2017. The senior convertible notes are convertible into the Company s common shares,
at the holder s option, at conversion prices equal to 60% of the stock s lowest volume weighted average trading price
in the 25 trading days immediately prior to the date of conversion. The senior convertible notes are convertible into the Company s
common shares, at the holder s option into the Company s Preferred Series D.  

The
ranges of inputs (or assumptions) the Company used to value the derivative liabilities at note or equity issuance, conversion
dates, and at period end during the year ended June 30, 2015 were as follows:  

For
the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of $913,333 of convertible promissory notes net of debt discount,
including $100,000 in new convertible notes, and increasing existing notes outstanding balances by $236,175 for additional fees
and conversion terms, to various creditors that mature from to September 16, 2014 to May 14, 2015. These notes are convertible
into the Company s common shares, at the holder s option, at conversion prices equal to the lesser of (a) a  Fixed
Price  ranging from $0.002 to $0.20 or (b) an amount ranging from 50% to 60% of the stock s trading price, defined
as the lowest average or actual (range of) (1) one to (5) five trading prices of the (range of) 1 to 20 trading days immediately
prior to the date of conversion.  

For
all convertible notes described in the paragraphs above and for the options, warrants and convertible preferred Series C and Series
D shares described in Note 8, the fair value of the resulting derivative liability was $37,376,605 and $14,198,848 at June 30,
2016 and June 30, 2015, respectively, with corresponding debt discounts with an aggregate balance of $330,958 and $317,174, respectively.  

The
following is a roll-forward of derivative liabilities from June 30, 2014 to June 30, 2016:  

Notes Payable   Other at June
30, 2016 consist of:  

Auto
Notes Payable    

In
April, 2016 the company defaulted on auto loan resulting in a repossession and disposition of $51,000 with a remaining balance
due with fees of $20,123 which is now being paid on a monthly payment of $635 and is being recorded in other   payables
and accrued expenses.  

Secured
Promissory Note - $44,500    

At
June 30, 2012, the Company was indebted for $44,500 for amounts received in prior years for operating expenses in exchange for
a secured promissory note from a third party entered into during 2010. This amount is due on demand and non-interest bearing.
The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $44,500 and accrued interest of $0. Creditor claims amount owed is $360,000, which
the Company disputes.  

Inventory
Note Payable   up to $1,200,000    

On
July 18, 2014, the Company signed a Secured Revolving Promissory Note for up to One Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,200,000)
with an investor to facilitate purchase of inventory for orders from the Company s material customer. The note is secured
by the inventory. Repayment of the note is facilitated by the assignment of the accounts receivable directly from the Company s
material customer to the investor. The initial term of the note is for six months with an option to extend for an additional six-month
period. The note will bear an 18% interest rate per annum with a maximum default interest of 24% per annum. Within three (3) Business
Days after the date of this Note, the Company shall deliver to Payee a Warrant, in a form acceptable to Payee, exercisable for
900,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price per share equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on the
trading day prior to the date of such Warrant. Upon receipt of such Warrant, Payee shall execute a 12-month lock-up agreement
in customary form and reasonably acceptable to Payee, currently no warrant or lock-up agreements have been issued or executed.
During the year ended June 30, 2015 the Company drew $504,593 in payments made on behalf of the Company to its suppliers and the
Company s customers repaid $321,137 during the year ended June 30, 2015. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $183,456
and accrued interest of $59,846.  

Note
Payable - $20,000    

On
March 25, 2015, the Company entered into a note agreement for $20,000. The note was due April 24, 2015. The Note carries a default
interest rate of 10%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $20,000 and accrued interest of $2,471.  

Note
Payable - $500,000    

On
February 14, 2014 the Company entered into a note agreement for $500,000. The note was due May 14, 2014 and was extended until
March 31, 2016. The Note carries minimum interest of $45,000 for the initial term and a default rate of 37%. The balance of this
note at June 30, 2016 is $85,911 and accrued interest of $76,443.  

Lease
in Default - $151,275    

Effective
April 1, 2015 and up through September 30, 2015, the Company has incurred $151,275 in a default on their facilities lease. The
default rate on the lease is 10%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $151,275 and accrued interest of $15,169.  

Note
Payable - $60,000    

On
April 2, 2015, a shareholder loaned the company $60,000 on a secured promissory note with a 6% per annum interest rate and a 30-day
maturity date. The Note carries a default interest rate of 10%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $60,000 and accrued
interest of $7,282.  

Note
Payable - $250,000    

On
April 11, 2014 the Company entered into a note agreement for $250,000. The note was due July 1, 2014 and was extended until March
31, 2015. The Note carries minimum interest of $22,500 with a default rate of 18%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is
$150,000 and accrued interest of $77,400.  

Note
Payable - $100,000    

On
November 19, 2014, the Company entered into a note for $100,000 with annual interest of 6. The note was due on February 19, 2015
and extended to August 21, 2015. Pursuant to the default provisions of the note, the note will accrue interest at 18% per annum.
The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $100,000 and accrued interest of $20,828.  

Note
Payable - $20,000    

On
January 16, 2015, the Company entered into a note for $20,000 with annual interest of 6%. The note was due on April 17, 2015 and
extended to July 17, 2015. Pursuant to the default provisions of the note, the note will accrue interest at 18% per annum. The
balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $20,000 and accrued interest of $3,942.  

Future
Receivables Sale Agreement - $75,000    

Effective
March 6, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement whereby it sold a percentage of its future receivables in exchange for $75,000.
Per the terms of this agreement, the Company would repay a total of $102,750 via daily remittance of twelve percent (12%) of its
accounts receivable collections and other receipts from the sale of its products and services. Alternatively, the Company could
elect to repay $102,750 total via a flat daily remittance of $1,038 ( Alternative Daily Amount ) until that amount
is repaid in full. The Company has accounted for this agreement as a note payable with an estimated maturity date of July 30,
2015, resulting in an imputed interest rate of 184%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $0.  

Future
Receivables Sale Agreement - $225,000    

Effective
July 29, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement whereby it sold a percentage of its future receivables in exchange for $220,500
($225,000 less a $4,500 setup fee). The Company is to repay $309,375 via daily remittance of a percentage of its future accounts
receivable collections and other receipts from the sale of its products and services. Per the terms of the agreement, the Company
made an alternative election to repay the $309,375 via a flat daily remittance of $2,163 until that amount is repaid in full.
The Company has accounted for this agreement as a note payable with an estimated maturity date of March 9, 2016, resulting in
an imputed interest rate of 123%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $141,096.  

Settlement
and Release Agreement - $100,000    

On
July 17, 2015, the Company entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Eco Prime,
LLC. The Settlement Agreement resolves any disputes arising from the Limited Asset Purchase Agreement entered into between the
parties on March 19, 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company paid One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000)
to acquire the assets from EcoPrime and released each party from any liability under the March 2014 agreement. In order to fund
the $100,000 payment, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with a private investor dated July 14, 2015. Pursuant to the
terms of the note, it had a 60-day maturity and a flat 25% interest rate. The note was due on September 14, 2015 but, to date,
has not been paid off and is currently in default. The note incurs additional default interest of 6%. The balance of this note
at June 30, 2016 is $85,000 and accrued interest of $18,020.  

In
connection with this agreement, the Company borrowed an additional $32,000 from this same party at 0% in a short-term bridge financing
arrangement which has been repaid.  

Future
Receivables Sale Agreement - $70,000    

Effective
September 16, 2015, the Company entered into a second similar agreement whereby it sold a percentage of its future receivables
in exchange for $70,000. Per the terms of the agreement, the Company elected to repay $96,250 via a flat daily remittance of $1,019
until that amount is repaid in full. The Company has not made payments on this note since January 2016. The Company has accounted
for this agreement as a note payable with an estimated maturity date of February 18, 2016, resulting in an imputed interest rate
of 177%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $36,315.  

Future
Receivables Sale Agreement - $120,000    

Effective
September 28, 2015, the Company entered into a third similar agreement whereby it sold a percentage of its future receivables
in exchange for $120,000. Per the terms of the agreement, the Company is to repay $153,000 via a flat daily remittance of $1,196
until that amount is repaid in in full. The Company has not made payments on this note since January 2016. The Company has accounted
for this agreement as a note payable with an estimated maturity date of April 5, 2016, resulting in an imputed interest rate of
98%. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $96,165.  

Promissory
Note - $275,000    

On
December 15, 2015, a shareholder loaned the company $275,000 on a promissory note with a 24% per annum interest rate with monthly
payments of $25,000 commencing in April 2016 until paid in full. The balance of this note at June 30, 2016 is $275,000 and accrued
interest of $35,803.  

Assignment
and Assumption Agreement - $377,000    

On
March 4, 2016, the Company recaptured unpaid balance associated with an assumption and assignment of liabilities for the issuance
of Preferred C shares that was entered into on May 15, 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the Recapture Agreement, the Company entered
into a promissory demand note bearing interest a 6% for the unpaid balance of $377,000, and cancelled 3,770 Preferred C shares
previously issued. Accrued interest is $7,313. This resulted in a gain on settlement of $744,587.  

Loans
Payable   Related Party    

None  

6.
Related Party Transactions   

See
also Note 5 for Loans payable   related parties and equity issuances in Note 8.  

Employment
Agreement  Chief Executive Officer   

Mr.
Comery was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer as of June 15, 2015. We do not have a formal Employment Agreement finalized
with Mr. Comery at this point but we are working towards finalizing it. The Compensation Committee has, however, met and approved
the major points of his compensation. Mr. Comery is earning an annual salary of $250,000, provided that the Compensation Committee
has agreed to determine whether this should be increased to $275,000 beginning when the quarterly net income is positive. The
Company will also pay compensating him $1,700 per month for medical benefits and a $500 per month car allowance. In addition,
the Compensation Committee agreed to a $15,000 one-time reimbursement for relocation expenses. Lastly, Mr. Comery will be eligible
to participate in the Employee Incentive Compensation Plan upon the Board s discretion.  

(a)  
      Annual
    salary of $250,000   

(b)  
      If
    the Compensation Committee has agreed to determine whether Tom Comery salary should be increased to $275,000 beginning when
    the quarterly net income is positive.   

(c)  
      The
    Company will compensate Tom Comery $1,700 per month for medical benefits and a $500 per month car allowance.   

(d)  
      The
    Compensation Committee has agreed to a $15,000 one-time reimbursement for relocation expenses. Mr. Comery will be eligible
    to participate in the Employee Incentive Compensation Plan upon the Board s discretion   

Employment
Agreement  Chief Technical Officer   

Effective
November 1, 2013, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its Chief Technical Officer or  CTO  for a
term of five (5) years and shall be renewed automatically for succeeding terms of one (1) year each ( Renewal Terms )
unless either party gives notice to the other at least 30 days prior to the expiration of any term of said party s intention
not to renew this Agreement. Key provisions of the agreement include:  

(a)  
      Annual
    salary of $250,000   

(b)  
      Cash
    bonus of $250,000 in the event that gross sales for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2014 exceed $25,000,000, subject to certain
    limitations. If the company achieves 80% of the bonus target then the employee is entitled to 50% of the defined bonus for
    the defined period.   

(c)  
      Additional
    cash bonus of $250,000 in the event that gross sales for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015 exceed $50,000,000, subject
    to certain limitations. In addition, when the aforementioned gross sales targets are obtained the employee will be eligible
    for a 20% increase in salary year over year.   

(d)  
      Option
    grants to purchase 40,000 (800,000 pre-split) shares of the company s common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per
    share ($0.10 pre-split), expiring April 1, 2016 (five-year life). Such options will vest over a two-year period. These options
    were valued at $4,656, as determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using a risk free rate of 1.37%, volatility
    of 149% and a trading price of the underlying shares of $0.16 ($0.008 pre-split).   

(e)  
      Severance
    pay is due the CTO upon separating from service, with or without cause, equaling his then current monthly salary multiplied
    by the number of full years that he has been employed with the Company prior to separation.   

Accrued
compensation due the Chief Technical Officer at June 30, 2016 totaled $689,930. Compensation charged to operations during the
year ended June 30, 2016 on option grants totaled $0.  

Accrued
compensation due the Chief Technical Officer at June 30, 2015 totaled $634,011. Compensation charged to operations during the
year ended June 30, 2015 on the option grants totaled $554. The CTO also had 20,000 (400,000 pre-split) options granted from a
previous employment agreement.  

7.
Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities   

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal market
(or most advantageous market, in the absence of a principal market) for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. Further, entities are required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fair value, and to utilize a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the
inputs used to measure fair value. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:  

Level
1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level
2   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and inputs other
than quoted prices that are observable or are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data by correlation
or other means.  

Level
3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, are significant to the fair value of the assets
or liabilities, and reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.  

Application
of Valuation Hierarchy   

A
financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. The following is a description of the valuation methodology used to measure fair value, as well
as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.  

Advances
from Related Party.   The Company assessed that the fair value of this liability approximates its carrying value due to
its short-term nature.  

Notes
Payable   Related Party.   The Company assessed that the fair value of this liability to approximate its carrying
value based on the effective yields of similar obligations.  

Convertible
Notes Payable.   The Company assessed that the fair value of this liability approximates its carrying value due to its short-term
nature.  

Loans
Payable - Related Party.   The Company assessed that the fair value of this liability approximates its carrying value due
to its short-term nature.  

Loans
Payable - Other.   The Company assessed that the fair value of this liability approximates its carrying value due to its
short-term nature.  

Derivative
Liabilities.   The Company assessed that the fair value of these liabilities using observable inputs described in level
2 above. The methodology described above may produce a current fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable
value or reflective of future fair values. If readily determined market values became available or if actual performance were
to vary appreciably from assumptions used, assumptions may need to be adjusted, which could result in material differences from
the recorded carrying amounts. The Company believes its method of determining fair value is appropriate and consistent with other
market participants. However, the use of different methodologies or different assumptions to value certain financial instruments
could result in a different estimate of fair value.  

8.
Stockholders  Deficit   

Preferred
Stock    

Series
A Preferred Stocks:    

On
January 27, 2014 the Board of Directors authorized 30,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock with a par value of $0.001 per share.  

The
terms of the preferred series A shares are as follows:  

Series
    A Preferred stock is not convertible.   

Each
    share of Series A Preferred stock is entitled to 100,000 votes on matters that the holders of the Company s common stock
    may vote.   

The
    Series A Preferred stock is redeemable by the company for no consideration at any time.   

The
    Series A Preferred stock cannot vote on election or removal of directors.   

The
    Series A Preferred stock has no stated dividend rate and has no liquidation preference.   

As
of June 30, 2016 and 2015, there was no Series A Preferred Stock issued or outstanding.  

Series
B 12% Convertible Preferred Stock:    

On
February 26, 2014 the Board of Directors authorized 6,750 shares of Class B Preferred Stock ( Preferred B Stock )
with a par value of $0.001. On April 17, 2014, an additional 2,500 shares of Preferred B Stock with a par value of $0.001, for
a total authorized and issued amount of 9,250.  

The
terms of the Preferred B Stock are as follows:  

The Preferred B Stock shall have no voting rights.   

The Preferred B Stock convertible at any time at 60% of the lowest VWAP of the 20 days leading up to conversion multiplied by the stated value of $100.   

The Preferred B Stock has a 12% per annum stated dividend rate, which is calculated daily on a 360-day year.   

The Preferred B Stock shall have a liquidation preference equal to the stated value of each share of Preferred Stock or $100 per share.   

As
of June 30, 2016 and 2015, there was no Series B Preferred Stock issued or outstanding.  

Series
C 12% Convertible Preferred Stock:    

On
May 30, 2014, the Company authorized 120,000 shares of a newly-created Series C 12% Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001
per share (the  Preferred C Stock ).  

The
terms of the Preferred C Stock are as follows:  

The
    Preferred C Stock shall have no voting rights.   

The
    Preferred C Stock is convertible at any time at 60% of the lowest VWAP of the 20 days leading up to conversion multiplied
    by the stated value of $100.   

The
    Preferred C Stock has a 12% per annum stated dividend rate, which is calculated daily on a 360 day year. Any dividends, whether
    paid in cash or shares of Common Stock, that are not paid within five trading days following a dividend payment date shall
    continue to accrue and shall entail a late fee at 18% per annum. In addition, the dividend rate of 12% is subject to an adjustment
    up to 18% if at any time the Company does not have an amount equal to or greater than 150% of the authorized but unissued
    common shares that would be required (on an  if converted  basis) to settle the conversion of Preferred C Stock
    outstanding. As of June 30, 2016, the Company has accrued dividends on Preferred C Stock in the amount of $3,628,584. The
    amount of dividends has not yet been determined by the Company and the holders whether to be payable in cash, common stock
    or additional shares of Preferred C Stock.   

The
    Preferred C Stock shall have a liquidation preference equal to the stated value of each share of Preferred Stock or $100 per
    share.   

Preferred
C Stock converted to Common Stock   

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, according to the conversion terms described above, the investors converted 3,580 shares of Preferred
C Stock representing value of $358,042 into 2,624,467,768 shares of the Company s Common Stock. The Company had 97,090 and
104,440 shares of Preferred C stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Preferred
C Stock issued for cash   

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the investors purchased 0 shares of Preferred C Stock for $0 of cash. During the year ended June
30, 2015, the investors purchased 10,000 shares of Preferred C Stock for $1,000,000 of cash.  

Preferred
C Stock issued for debt assumption   

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company recaptured unpaid balance associated with an assumption and assignment of liabilities
for the issuance of Preferred C shares that was entered into on May 15, 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the Recapture Agreement,
the Company entered into a promissory demand note bearing interest a 6% for the unpaid balance of $377,000, and cancelled 3,770
Preferred C shares previously issued. This resulted in a gain on settlement of $744,587. During the year ended June 30, 2015,
at total of 10,771 shares of Preferred C Stock were issued to investors for debt assumption. In exchange for 4,941 of these shares,
$494,172 of accounts payable was assumed by one investor. Additionally, in exchange for the remaining 5,830 shares, a convertible
note with a balance of $590,428 was exchanged for Preferred C shares by the same investor.  

Preferred
C Stock, have been valued similar to the convertible notes, comprising a part of the derivative liability which is calculated
using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The range of inputs (or assumptions) the Company used to value the derivative liabilities
at date of issuances, conversion dates, and at period end during the years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 are disclosed
under the derivative liabilities section (See Note 5).  

The
following table provides the activity of the Company s preferred C stock for the year ended June 30, 2016:  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, according to the conversion terms described above, the investors converted 3,580 shares of Preferred
C Stock representing value of $358,042 into 2,624,467,768 shares of the Company s Common Stock.  

Series
D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock:    

On
March 31, 2015, the Company authorized 10,000 shares of a newly-created Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001
per share (the  Preferred D Stock ). Effective July 2, 2015, the Company increased the number of authorized shares
to 20,000. Effective August 22, 2016, the Company increased the number of authorized shares to 30,000.  

The
terms of the Preferred D Stock are as follows:  

The
    Preferred D Stock shall have no voting rights.   

The
    Preferred D Stock is convertible at any time at 60% of the lowest VWAP of the 30 days leading up to conversion multiplied
    by the stated value of $100.   

The
    Preferred D Stock has a 12% per annum stated dividend rate, which is calculated daily on a 360 day year. Any dividends, whether
    paid in cash or shares of Common Stock, that not paid within five trading days following a dividend payment date shall continue
    to accrue and shall entail a late fee at 18% per annum. In addition, the dividend rate of 12% is subject to an adjustment
    up to 18% if at any time the Company does not have an amount equal to or greater than 150% of the authorized but unissued
    common shares that would be required (on an  if converted  basis) to settle the conversion of Preferred C Stock
    outstanding. As of June 30, 2016, the Company has accrued dividends on Preferred D Stock in the amount of $339,235. The amount
    of dividends has not yet been determined by the Company and the holders whether to be payable in cash, common stock or additional
    shares of Preferred D Stock.   

The
    Preferred D Stock shall have a liquidation preference equal to the stated value of each share of Preferred Stock or $100 per
    share.   

Preferred
D Stock issued for cash   

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, investors purchased 10,968 shares of Preferred D Stock for $1,096,632 of cash. During the year ended
June 30, 2015, investors purchased 9,979 shares of Preferred D Stock for $1,096,632 of cash.  

The
following table provides the activity of the Company s preferred D stock for the year ended June 30, 2016:  

Common
Stock    

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued a total of 3,147,789,143 shares of its common stock as follows:  

During
the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company issued a total of 448,447,307 shares of its common stock as follows:  

Treasury
Stock    

As
of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company held 1,433,046 shares of common stock as treasury stock.  

Warrants    

As
discussed in note 5, the Company issued a Common Stock Purchase Warrant, allowing M2B Funding Corporation the right to purchase
up to 20,000,000 shares of Common Stock on September 16, 2015 and expiring on September 16, 2019. The exercise price per share
of the Common Stock under these warrants is $0.02 subject to certain adjustments. The 20,000,000 warrants were valued using the
Black-Scholes Option Model with a risk free interest rate of 1.78%, volatility of 261.05%, and trading price of $0.022 per share.
As of June 30, 2016 the warrants had a value of $1,767.  

The
following is a schedule of warrants outstanding as of June 30, 2016:  

As
of June 30, 2016, all of the 20,000,000 warrants were fully exercisable.  

Options   

Prior
to June 30, 2015, the Company granted options to its Chief Technical Officer to purchase 1,200,000 shares of its common stock.
The 1,200,000 options have an exercise price of $0.10 per share and expire in 5 years. As of June 30, 2016, 800,000 options to
the Chief Technical Officer remain outstanding.  

As
discussed in note 6, the Company granted options to its Chief Executive Officer as in connection with his termination agreement.
A total of 5,786,227 options were granted based on the number of shares of Common Stock equal to one percent (1%) of the total
number of shares outstanding on the date of grant. The options have an exercise price equal to the closing bid price on the date
of grant ($0.0038 per share) and an expiration date of ten (10) years from the date of issuance. A total of 5,786,227 options
were granted under these terms. The options vest fifty percent (50%) on the effective date of the agreement, with the remaining
fifty percent (50%) vesting six (6) months after the effective date of the agreement. The options were valued at $21,987, as determined
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using a risk free rate of 2.35%, volatility of 257% and a trading price of the underlying
shares of $0.038.  

The
following is a schedule of options outstanding as of June 30, 2016:  

As
of June 30, 2016, a total of 6,586,228 of the 6,586,228 options were fully vested. Compensation expense of $0 remaining, will
be recognized over the remaining lives of the options.  

9.
Income Taxes   

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to
the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the
period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.  

The
effective tax rate on the net loss before income taxes differs from the U.S. statutory rate as follows:  

The
significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:  

The
Company has incurred operating losses of $101,454,836 which, if unutilized, will expire through to 2036. Future tax benefits,
which may arise as a result of these losses, have not been recognized in these financial statements, and have been offset by a
valuation allowance.  

10.
Commitments and Contingencies   

Lease
commitments    

Real
Estate Lease   San Diego, California   

In
February 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to lease office facilities with a small warehouse at our San Diego, CA location.
The term of the lease is for three years. The initial monthly installment of base rent amount was calculated by multiplying the
initial monthly base rental rate per rentable square foot amount by the number of rentable square feet of space in the premises.
In all subsequent base rent payment periods during the lease term commencing on March 1, 2017, the calculation of each monthly
installment of base rent amount  

  reflects
an annual increase of three and one half percent (3.5%). The details on the lease are as follows:  

Base
    rentals - $2,807 per month.   

Base
    rental increase of 3.5% per year.   

Company
    is responsible to pay its proportionate share of common area maintenance   estimated at $963 per month   

Termination
    date   April 30, 2019   

Renewal
    Option   Yes   

Security
    Deposit - $9,333.   

Rent
expense related to this lease was $17,966 and $0 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Real
Estate lease-Augusta Georgia   

In
July 2016, the company entered a lease for a manufacturing facility in Augusta, Georgia.  

Augusta,
    Georgia (Periodic Month to Month Tenancy as of July, 2016)   

Month
    to month agreement was entered into and agreed upon.    

We
    pay a monthly lease payment of $3,000.   

We
                                         can use the premises for processing and treatment of wood and wood products, but is currently
                                         used as a storage facility    

Rent
Disclosure:    

Purchase
commitments   

Legal
Proceedings   

Except
as disclosed below, we are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on
our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by
any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive
officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our
subsidiaries or of our company s or our company s subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities as
such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.  

At
June 30, 2016, the Company owed approximately $730,000 in past due federal and state payroll taxes, of which approximately $660,000
is due to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). The Company subsequently paid $25,000 to the IRS under a $20,000 per month payment
arrangement which the Company is in default. The Company continues to negotiate with the IRS to re-establish a payment plan for
past due taxes. Currently the IRS has acknowledged the situation and so far, has set an expectation that we must stay current
with our federal and state taxes. The Company continues to stay current with state and federal payroll tax liabilities. No such
arrangement exists for State tax purposes.  

On
October 6, 2015, the landlord for the Vista, CA location filed a complaint against us in the Superior Court of California, County
of San Diego for a Breach of Contract for a Promissory Note that we issued to him in connection with unpaid lease payments that
we owed in the amount of $151,272.65 under the terms of the lease that we entered into for our Vista, CA location. As of June
30, 2016, no payments have been made against this obligation.  

On
May 27, 2016, the prior landlord of the Tacoma, WA, facility obtained a judgment for the collection of unpaid rent in the
amount of 168,998 inclusive of interest   attorney fees.  

On
or about October 15, 2016, A Summons   Complaint has been filed for the sum of $31,118 pertaining to a default on a contract
with World Global Financing.  

From
time to time the Company may be named in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Currently, no legal proceedings or
claims, other than those disclosed above, are pending against or involve the Company that, in the opinion of management, could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.  

11.
Subsequent Events   

On
July 17, 2016, The Company issued 55,875,000 shares of common stock in lieu of $5,588 of accrued interest of the convertible note
dated November 21, 2014.  

On
July 17, 2016, The Company issued 11,175,000 shares of common stock in lieu of $1,118 of accrued interest of the convertible
note dated January 16, 2015.  

From
July 1, 2016 to October 13, 2016, according to the conversion terms of the series C preferred shares, the investors converted
87 shares of Preferred C Stock representing a value of $8,760 into 146,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock.  

12.
Discontinued Operations   

On
April 15, 2015, the company completed the sale of E Build   Truss to former employees of the company. In exchange for certain
assets, the purchaser accepted $112,102 of liabilities related to E Build and Truss. As such, this has been accounted for as a
discontinued operation in the June 30, 2015 financial statements. The company has recorded a loss from discontinued operations
of $216,164 as a result of this transaction, which is comprised of $363,500 in revenues, $44,702 in gain on asset sale and $624,366
in costs and expense. Included in the $1,148,229 of liabilities from discontinued operations in 2015 are $205,113 in accounts
payable and $943,116 in accrued expenses related to E Build and Truss.  

Item
    9.   
          Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure     

There
have been no disagreements between the Company and its independent accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices
or financial statement disclosure.  

Item
    9A.   
          Controls
    and Procedures     

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Regulations
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) require public companies to maintain  disclosure
controls and procedures,  which are defined as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A material weakness is a control deficiency
(within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No. 2) or combination of control
deficiencies, that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected.  

The
Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief
Executive Officer ( CEO ), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of June 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that
evaluation, the Company s CEO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective at
the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described below:  

1.  
      Up
    until June 15, 2015, the Company s board of directors did not have an audit committee, independent director or member
    with financial expertise which causes ineffective oversight of the Company s external financial reporting and internal
    control over financial reporting.   

2.  
      The
    Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within its accounting functions, which is a basic internal control.
    Due to its size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible.   

3.  
      Manual
    process of the tracking and process of our inventory.   

In
light of the material weaknesses, the management of the Company performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures
to ensure our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Accordingly, we believe that our consolidated financial statements included herein fairly present,
in all material respects, our consolidated financial condition, consolidated results of operations and cash flows as of and for
the reporting periods then ended.  

Remediation
of Material Weaknesses   

We
intend to remediate the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures identified above. We have already adopted
an Audit Committee Charter and appointed independent members from our Board to an Audit Committee and our Chairman of the Audit
Committee has sufficient financial expertise. In addition, we have hired a part-time CFO with SEC reporting experience.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, the issuer s principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the issuer s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:  

Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;   

Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company
    are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and   

Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control
over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore,
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.  

As
of the end of our most recent fiscal year, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework 1992 and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, as of June
30, 2016, such internal control over financial reporting was not effective. This was due to deficiencies that existed in
the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that
may be considered to be material weaknesses.  

The
matters involving internal control over financial reporting that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a
majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and (2) inadequate segregation of
duties consistent with control objectives of having segregation of the initiation of transactions, the recording of transactions
and the custody of assets. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer in connection
with the review of our financial statements as of June 30, 2016.  

To
address the material weaknesses set forth above, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that
the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management s
report in this annual report.  

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting   

We
have hired a part-time Chief Financial Officer and appointed independent members to our Board of Directors to oversee the financial
reporting of our operations. Additionally, redundancy has been created across many facets of the business operations. Other than
these items, there were no significant changes in the Company s internal controls or in other factors that could significantly
affect these controls subsequent to the evaluation date.  

Item
    9B.   
          Other
    Information     

None.  

PART
III    

Item
    10.   
          Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance     

The
following table sets forth each of our directors name, age, position and office. Each of their current terms as our directors
expires at our next annual shareholder meeting.  

Name   
         
       Age   
         
       Position    

Tom
    Comery  
         
      62  
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Director   

Mark
    Vuozzo  
         
      52  
         
      Chief
    Technical Officer   

Gerald
    M. Czarnecki  
         
      76  
         
      Director   

Judith
    Muhlberg  

Director   

All
executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors and hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until
their successors are duly elected and qualified.  

The
following is information on the business experience of each director and officer.  

Tom
Comery, Chief Executive Officer and Director   

Mr.
Comery, age 62, has been a director of Eco Building Products, Inc. since April 6, 2015 and comes to Eco Building Products, Inc.
with 30 years of building products manufacturing and distribution experience. He has broad business experience including mid-market
CEO; supply chain and specialty product management at the Fortune 500 Group Director level; mid-market sales and marketing as
well as accounting management. In 2009/2011 he was SVP of Building Material Distributors, Inc. with full P L responsibility
of a multi-state, multi-warehouse wholesale distribution business focused on commodity and specialty building products, forest
products and imported metal fencing and fasteners. In 2012/2013 Mr. Comery led a green-field start-up in the LED lighting space
as President and CEO of B-Efficient, Inc. serving the commercial, residential and industrial markets. Most recently he was SVP
of Sales for Leedo Manufacturing, the largest supplier of kitchen and bath cabinetry to the new construction multi-family housing
industry.  

Throughout
his career Mr. Comery has successfully led two start-ups and two turnarounds.  

The
Company and Mr. Comery have not finalized the terms of the employment and have not entered into a formal engagement agreement
but expect to work out the terms and finalize an employment agreement in the near future.  

No
family relationship has ever existed between Mr. Comery and the Company.  

Mark
Vuozzo, Chief Technical Officer   

Mr.
Vuozzo was the founder and CEO of MV Technical Sales, LLC a privately held company that serviced the Semiconductor Automated Test
Equipment industry. Mr. Vuozzo grew the company to span across USA, Asia and Europe with sales in excess of 25 million. In 2006,
Mr. Vuozzo sold his interest in MV Technical Sales, LLC. In 2007, Mr. Vuozzo joined Steven Conboy to manage SC Bluwood, Inc.,
and Framers Choice, Inc. Mr. Vuozzo acted in the capacity of General Manager and Director of both organizations. In 2009, Mr.
Vuozzo joined the Company, as a General Manager and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Vuozzo continues to act in the capacity of Chief
Technical Officer.  

Gerald
M. Czarnecki, Director   

Mr.
Czarencki became a Director of the Company on April 6, 2015 and Chairman of our Board of Directors on June 15, 2015. Mr. Czarnecki
is an ex officio member of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Governance and Nomination Committee. Mr. Czarnecki
has been the Chairman and CEO of The Deltennium Group, Inc., a privately held consulting and direct investment firm, since its
founding in 1995. From August 2007 until April 2012, Mr. Czarnecki has served as President and CEO of 02Media, Inc., a private
organization providing direct response marketing campaign management and infomercial production, educational and branded entertainment
TV programming and Internet marketing campaign management. From April 1, 2007 to January 15, 2008, Mr. Czarnecki served as interim
President   CEO of Junior Achievement Worldwide, Inc., where he also serves on the board of directors, and as member of the
Executive Committee, and Chairman of its Human Resources, Compensation and Pension Committees. Mr. Czarnecki is a member of the
Board of Directors of State Farm Insurance Company and is Chairman of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Board of Directors
of State Farm Bank and State Farm Fire   Casualty. He is also a member of the advisory board for Private Capital, Inc. and
serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of National University and is Chairman of its Investment Committee. In addition he
is Chairman of the Board of National Leadership Institute, a nonprofit organization dedication to facilitating quality leadership
and governance in nonprofit organizations; Chairman of the National Association of Corporate Directors - Florida Chapter. Mr.
Czarnecki holds a B.S. in Economics from Temple University, and M.A. in Economics from Michigan State University, a Doctor of
Humane Letters from National University and is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Czarnecki is also the author of five books on
Leadership and corporate governance. From June 2003 to April 2010, Mr. Czarnecki served on the Board of Directors of Del Global
Technology, Inc., where he also served as the Chairman of its Audit Committee. From June 2006 to February 2010, Mr. Czarnecki
served on the Board of Directors of Junior Achievement of South Florida, Inc. Mr. Czarnecki brings to the Board significant experience
as a management change agent, corporate leadership, knowledge and experience in the information technology industry, and development
of corporate strategy. His experience at companies as large as IBM or as small as the Company have enabled him to understand how
to drive best practices across either large or small organizations and creation of a dynamic organization   capable of adapting
to the new paradigm of constant change in business.  

Judith
Muhlberg, Directors   

Judith
Muhlberg joined the Board of Directors for Eco Building Products on April 8, 2015. She serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee.
As a consultant for strategy execution firm, Gagen MacDonald since 2004, Judith has supported efforts at Fortune 500 companies
  including United Airlines, BASF, Collective Brands, Inc., Estee Lauder, Mars, Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Dean
Foods, Financial Services Roundtable, Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., Deloitte, Medtronic, Dow Corning, Pfizer and Southern
California Gas Company. In 2002, Judith joined the Board of Directors of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company and served
on the Legal Issues, Risk Management, and Corporate Governance and Nominating committees. In 2005, she was the senior vice president
of communications for Sprint Nextel for six months, overseeing the merger communications of these two companies and leading a
team of some 200 communicators. Throughout her career, Judith built a broad and deep background in two major global industries:
aerospace and automotive. She was senior vice president of communications and a member of the company s Executive Council
at Boeing. Judith led a 250-strong communications team and, among many successes, directed a strategic global transformation of
Boeing s brand and reputation   from that of a commercial airplane manufacturer to a broad-based aerospace company
with 150,000 employees. This transformation was initiated by the merger of McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, in which Judith played
a pivotal role in an extensive culture change effort driven by enhanced leadership communications. She is a Member of the Arthur
W. Page Society. In May 2012, Judith was named A S Outstanding Alumna by the University of Wyoming. Education: Michigan State
University, Juris Doctor; University of Wyoming, B.S., Communications; University of Stockholm (Sweden), studied International
Economics.  

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings   

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:  

been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses);   

had
    any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or
    business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or
    within two years prior to that time;   

been
    subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
    or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement
    in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities,
    or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;   

been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity
    Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been
    reversed, suspended, or vacated;   

been
    the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
    reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an
    alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial
    institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
    or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or
    any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or   

been
    the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
    organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
    the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
    over its members or persons associated with a member.   

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,  none of our directors or
executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates
which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission.  

Term
of Office   

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by the board.  

Code
of Ethics   

The
Company has always encouraged its employees, including officers and directors to conduct business in an honest and ethical manner.
Additionally, it has always been the Company s policy to comply with all applicable laws and provide accurate and timely
disclosure. Despite the foregoing, we currently do not have a formal written code of ethics for either our directors or employees.
We do not have a formal written code of ethics because we currently only have only a few employees and executives. Our officers
and directors are held to the highest degree of ethical standards. Once we expand the executive and management further, we will
adopt a written code of ethics for all of our directors, executive officers and employees.  

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and officers, and persons who own more than
ten-percent (10%) of the company s common stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission reports of ownership
on Form 3 and reports of change in ownership on Forms 4 and 5. Such officers, directors and ten-percent stockholders are also
required to furnish the company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on its review of the copies of
such forms received by the company and on written representations from certain reporting persons, the company believes that none
of the Section 16(a) reports applicable to its officers, directors and ten-percent stockholders with respect to the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2016 were filed.  

Board
of Director Meetings and Committees   

Our
Current Board of Directors consists of Judith Muhlberg, Gerald M. Czarnecki, and Tom Comery (the  Board ). It has
been determined by the Company that Ms. Muhlberg, and Mr. Czarnecki, are independent members of the Board pursuant to the required
standards set forth in Rule 10A-3(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The current Board includes Tom Comery,
Gerald M. Czarnecki and Judith Muhlberg.  

Since
the appointment of our independent Board on April 6, 2015, the Board has convened regularly scheduled meetings and has overseen
the operations of the business and has regularly asked for updates on sales, marketing and other business operations.  

On
July 2, 2015, our Board formed three standing committees: (i) audit, (ii) nominating and corporate governance; and (iii) compensation.
Actions taken by our committees are reported to the full Board. The Board has determined that all members of each of the three
committees are independent under the current listing standards of NASDAQ. Each of our committees has a charter and each charter
is posted on our website and attached hereto as an exhibit.  

Audit
    Committee    
         
       Compensation
    Committee   
         
       Corporate
    Governance and    
      Nominating Committee     

Judith
    Muhlberg  
         
      Judith
    Muhlberg*  
         
      Gerald
    M. Czarnecki*   

Gerald
    M. Czarnecki*  
         
      Gerald
    M. Czarnecki  
         
      Judith
    Muhlberg   

*
 Indicates committee chair  

Audit
Committee    

Our
audit committee, which currently consists of two directors, provides assistance to our Board in fulfilling its legal and fiduciary
obligations with respect to matters involving the accounting, financial reporting, internal control and compliance functions of
the company. Our audit committee employs an independent registered public accounting firm to audit the financial statements of
the company and perform other assigned duties. Further, our audit committee provides general oversight with respect to the accounting
principles employed in financial reporting and the adequacy of our internal controls. In discharging its responsibilities, our
audit committee may rely on the reports, findings and representations of the company s auditors, legal counsel, and responsible
officers. Our Board has determined that all members of the audit committee are financially literate within the meaning of SEC
rules and under the current listing standards of NASDAQ.  

Compensation
Committee    

Our
compensation committee, which currently consists of two directors, establishes executive compensation policies consistent with
the company s objectives and stockholder interests. Our compensation committee also reviews the performance of our executive
officers and establishes, adjusts and awards compensation, including incentive-based compensation, as more fully discussed below.
In addition, our compensation committee generally is responsible for:  

establishing
    and periodically reviewing our compensation philosophy and the adequacy of compensation plans and programs for our directors,
    executive officers and other employees;   

overseeing
    our compensation plans, including the establishment of performance goals under the company s incentive compensation
    arrangements and the review of performance against those goals in determining incentive award payouts;   

overseeing
    our executive employment contracts, special retirement benefits, severance, change in control arrangements and/or similar
    plans;   

acting
    as administrator of any company stock option plans; and   

overseeing
    the outside consultant, if any, engaged by the compensation committee.   

Our
compensation committee periodically reviews the compensation paid to our non-employee Directors and the principles upon which
their compensation is determined. The compensation committee also periodically reports to the Board on how our non-employee Director
compensation practices compare with those of other similarly situated public corporations and, if the compensation committee deems
it appropriate, recommends changes to our director compensation practices to our Board for approval.  

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee    

Our
corporate governance and nominating committee, which currently consists of two directors, monitors our corporate governance system,
assesses Board membership needs, makes recommendations to the Board regarding potential director candidates for election at the
annual meetings of stockholders or in the event of any director vacancy, and performs any other functions or duties deemed appropriate
by the Board.  

Director
candidates must have experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility and leadership experience in the companies or
institutions with which they are or have been affiliated. Directors are selected based upon contributions that they can make to
the company. The company does not maintain a separate policy regarding the diversity of its Board members. However, consistent
with its charter, the corporate governance and nominating committee, and ultimately the Board, seeks directors (including nominees
for director) with diverse personal and professional backgrounds, experience and perspectives that, when combined, provide a diverse
portfolio of experience and knowledge that will well serve the company s governance and strategic needs.  

Family
Relationships   

No
family relationships exist among any directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen to become directors or executive
officers.  

Item
    11.   
          Executive
    Compensation     

We
provide named executive officers and our other employees with a salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal
year. Salary amounts for the named executive officers are determined for each executive based on his or her position and responsibility,
and on past individual performance. Salary levels are typically considered annually as part of our performance review process.
Merit based increases to salaries of the named executive officers are based on our board of directors  assessment of the
individual s performance.  

The
following table shows for the year ended June 30, 2016 and fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, the compensation awarded (earned)
or paid by the Company to its named executive officers as that term is defined in Item 402(a)(2) of Regulation S-K.  

Employment
Agreements   

Tom
Comery   

Mr.
Comery was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer as of June 15, 2015. We do not have a formal Employment Agreement finalized
with Mr. Comery at this point but we are working towards finalizing it. The Compensation Committee has, however, met and approved
the major points of his compensation. Mr. Comery is earning an annual salary of $250,000, provided that the Compensation Committee
has agreed to determine whether this should be increased to $275,000 beginning when the quarterly net income is positive. The
Company will also pay compensating him $1,700 per month for medical benefits and a $500 per month car allowance. In addition,
the Compensation Committee agreed to a $15,000 one-time reimbursement for relocation expenses. Lastly, Mr. Comery will be eligible
to participate in the Employee Incentive Compensation Plan upon the Board s discretion.  

Steve
Conboy   

On
June 15, 2015, Mr. Steve Conboy submitted a letter to the Board resigning from the positions of Chief Executive Officer and President
and Chairman of the Board, effective immediately on such date.  

-  
      In
    connection with Mr. Conboy s resignation, the Company and Mr. Conboy entered into an Executive Severance Agreement and
    General Release of All Claims Agreement (the  Separation Agreement ) on June 15, 2015. The Separation Agreement
    provides, as consideration for non-solicitation obligations, a general release of any claims of accrued but unpaid salary
    and the non-revocation of a full release of all claims related to Mr. Conboy s employment with the Company and cancellation
    of all of his Series A shares, as follows: (i) a cash payment of $37,500 which will be made in three equal installments of
    $12,500 on the 30  th  , 60  th  and 90  th  day following the date of the Agreement; and (ii)
    an option to purchase 5,772,857 shares which equals one percent (1%) of the total number of shares outstanding on the date
    of the Separation Agreement with an exercise price of $0.0038 (which is the closing price on the date of the grant). This
    option grants vests as follows: (i) 50% vested immediately; and (ii) 50% vests on December 18, 2015. A copy of the Separation
    Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.7.   

Mr.
Conboy s employment agreement has therefore been terminated and the Company is no longer bound by the terms of that agreement.  

Mark
Vuozzo   Chief Technical Officer   

Effective
November 1, 2013, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its Chief Technical Officer for a term of five (5) years
and shall be renewed automatically for succeeding terms of one (1) year each ( Renewal Terms ) unless either party
gives notice to the other at least 30 days prior to the expiration of any term of said party s intention not to renew this
Agreement. Key provisions of the agreement include  

(c)  
      Additional
    cash bonus of $250,000 in the event that gross sales for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015 exceed $50,000,000, subject
    to certain limitations. In addition when the aforementioned gross sales targets are obtained the employee will be eligible
    for a 20% increase in salary year over year.   

(d)  
      Option
    grants to purchase 800,000 shares of the company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share, expiring November
    1, 2018 (five-year life). Such options will vest over a two-year period. These options were valued at $4,656, as determined
    using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using a risk free rate of 1.37%, volatility of 148.81% and a trading price of
    the underlying shares of $0.10.   

We
have no other executive employment agreements currently in place.  

Eco
Building Products, Inc. has not, nor proposes to do so in the future, make loans to any of its officers, directors, key personnel,
10% stockholders, relatives thereof, or controllable entities.  

We
have no pension plans or plans or agreements which provide compensation on the event of termination of employment or change in
control of us and have therefore eliminated a column specified by Item 402 (c)(2) titled  Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation Earnings (h)  in the above Summary Compensation Table. Except pursuant to their employment agreements,
severance pay is due Mark Vuozzo upon separating from service, with or without cause, equaling the then current monthly salary
multiplied by the number of full years that they have been employed with the Company prior to separation.  

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End   

Mark
Vuozzo:  

-  
      Option
    grants to purchase 800,000 shares of the company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share, expiring April
    1, 2018 (five-year life). Such options will vest over a two-year period. These options were valued at $4,656, as determined
    using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using a risk free rate of 1.37%, volatility of 148.81% and a trading price of
    the underlying shares of $0.001.   

Director
Compensation   

Prior
to the appointment of our independent directors on April 6, 2015, we did not have a formal plan for director compensation and
our sole director did not receive any type of compensation for serving as a director for the years ended June 30, 2016 or June
30, 2015.  

However,
in connection with the appointments to the new independent members of the Board, the Company entered into a Director Agreements
with each individual whereby the Company agreed to compensate each individual as follows: (1) a cash retainer of fifteen thousand
dollars ($15,000) per calendar year during the period of service, paid in quarterly installments and (2) an additional fifteen
thousand dollars ($15,000) per calendar year for each Committee Chairman position that the Director holds; and (3) an equity incentive
award as may be determined at the discretion of the Board.  

To
date, however, the Directors have not received any payment of their Director Compensation that has been earned.  

Item
    12.   
          Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters     

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of October 12, 2016,
for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each named
executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially
own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii)
of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options
or warrants. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors
and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children.  

For
purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have  beneficial ownership  of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of October 13, 2016. For purposes of computing the percentage of
outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons
has the right to acquire within 60 days of October 12, 2016 is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially
owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons
set forth below is care of the company at the address of: 11568 Sorrento Valley Road #13, San Diego, CA 92121.  

Name
of Beneficial Owner and Address   
         
       Amount
    and    
      Nature of   
      Beneficial   
      Ownership of   
      Common Stock    

Percent
    of    
      Common   
      Stock (1)    

Amount
    and    
      Nature of   
      Beneficial   
      Ownership of   
      Preferred Stock    

Percent
    of    
      Preferred   
      Stock (2)    

Directors
    and   

Executive
    Officers   

Tom
    Comery   

0   

*   
       %   

0   

*   
       %    

Gerald
    M. Czarnecki   

0   

*   
       %   

0   

*   
       %    

Judith
    Muhlberg   

0   

*   
       %   

0   

*   
       %    

Mark
    Vuozzo   

1,337,500   

*   
       %   

0   

0   
       %    

All
    directors and officers as a group (4 people)   

0   

*   
       %   

*
    Less than 1%.   

All
ownership is beneficial and of record except as specifically indicated otherwise. Beneficial owners listed above have sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares shown unless otherwise indicated.  

Item
    13.   
          Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence     

Transactions
with Related Persons   

Loans
Payable   Related Party    

At
June 30, 2013, the Company had a non-interest bearing note payable due to its Chief Executive Officer who is also a Director and
significant shareholder with a balance of $509,151. During 2014, the Company paid $128,824, leaving a balance of $380,327 at June
30, 2014. Effective June 15, 2015, this debt was forgiven in connection with the termination of the Chief Executive Officer s
Employment Agreement described in note 6.  

At
June 30, 2013, the Company had interest bearing notes payable due to its Chief Technical Officer with a balance of $95,000. During
the year ended June 30, 2014, the Company paid $10,000, leaving a balance of $85,000 at June 30, 2014. During the year ended June
30 2015, the Company paid $40,000, leaving a balance of $45,000 at June 30, 2015. During the year ended June 30 2016, the Company
paid $45,000, leaving a balance of $0 at June 30, 2016.  

Employment
Agreement   Chief Technical Officer   

Effective
November 1, 2013, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its Chief Technical Officer or  CTO  for a
term of five (5) years and shall be renewed automatically for succeeding terms of one (1) year each ( Renewal Terms )
unless either party gives notice to the other at least 30 days prior to the expiration of any term of said party s intention
not to renew this Agreement. Key provisions of the agreement include:  

(a)  
      Annual
    salary of $250,000   

(b)  
      Cash
    bonus of $250,000 in the event that gross sales for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2014 exceed $25,000,000, subject to certain
    limitations. If the company achieves 80% of the bonus target then the employee is entitled to 50% of the defined bonus for
    the defined period.   

(c)  
      Additional
    cash bonus of $250,000 in the event that gross sales for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015 exceed $50,000,000, subject
    to certain limitations. In addition when the aforementioned gross sales targets are obtained the employee will be eligible
    for a 20% increase in salary year over year.   

(d)  
      Option
    grants to purchase 40,000 (800,000 pre-split) shares of the company s common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per
    share ($0.10 pre-split), expiring April 1, 2016 (five-year life). Such options will vest over a two-year period. These options
    were valued at $4,656, as determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using a risk free rate of 1.37%, volatility
    of 149% and a trading price of the underlying shares of $0.16 ($0.008 pre-split).   

(e)  
      Severance
    pay is due the CTO upon separating from service, with or without cause, equaling his then current monthly salary multiplied
    by the number of full years that the President has been employed with the Company prior to separation.   

Accrued
compensation due the Chief Technical Officer at June 30, 2016 totaled $689,930. Compensation charged to operations during the
year ended June 30, 2016 on option grants totaled $1472.  

Accrued
compensation due the Chief Technical Officer at June 30, 2015 totaled $634,011. Compensation charged to operations during the
year ended June 30, 2015 on the option grants totaled $554. The CTO also had 20,000 (400,000 pre-split) options granted from a
previous employment agreement.  

Director
Independence   

NASDAQ
Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an  independent director  is a person other than an officer or employee of the
Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide
that a director cannot be considered independent if:  

the
    director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company;   

the
    director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of $120,000 during any period
    of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including,
    among other things, compensation for board or board committee service);   

a
    family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company;   

the
    director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity
    to which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years
    that exceed 5% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or $200,000, whichever is greater (subject
    to certain exclusions);   

the
    director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the
    past three years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity;
    or the director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any
    time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s
    audit.   

As
of October 12, 2016, our Board is composed of three members, of which two directors are independent directors. The two independent
directors are Gerald M. Czarnecki and Judith Muhlberg. In addition, as indicated above, each of our audit committee, nominating
and corporate governance committee and compensation committee, described above in  Committees of the Board of Directors, 
is composed entirely of independent directors, including the chairperson of the audit committee. We believe that the number of
independent directors that make up our Board benefits the company, as well as our stockholders.  

Item
14.         Principal
                                         Accounting Fees and Services   

Principal
Accountant Fees and Services   

(1)   
       Audit
    Fees    

The
aggregate fees billed for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 for professional services rendered by Sadler Gibb   Associates.,
the principal accountant, for the audit of the registrant s annual financial statements and review of financial statements
included in the registrant s Form 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2016 were $51,800.  

The
aggregate fees billed for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 for professional services rendered by Sadler Gibb   Associates.,
the principal accountant, for the audit of the registrant s annual financial statements and review of financial statements
included in the registrant s Form 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015 were $76,948.  

(2)   
       Audit-Related
    Fees    

No
aggregate fees were billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountants
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements and are not
reported under item (1) for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

No
aggregate fees were billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice, and
tax planning for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(4)   
       All
    Other Fees    

No
aggregate fees were billed for professional services provided by the principal accountants, other than the services reported in
items (1) through (3) for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(5)   
       Audit
    Committee    

The
registrant s Audit Committee, or officers performing such functions of the Audit Committee, have approved the principal
accountant s performance of services for the audit of the registrant s annual financial statements and review of financial
statements included in the registrant s Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2016. Audit-related fees, tax fees, and
all other fees, if any, were approved by the Audit Committee or officers performing such functions of the Audit Committee.  

(6)   
       Work
    Performance by others    

The
percentage of hours expended on the principal accountant s engagement to audit the registrant s financial statements
for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s
full-time, permanent employees was zero percent.  

PART
IV    

Item
    15.   
          Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules     

Exhibits   

3.1  
      Amended
    and Restated By-Laws of Eco Building Products, Inc. (referred to and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 20, 2015).   

3.2  
      Certificate
    of Designation, Rights and Preferences for the Series D 12% Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the State of Nevada on
    March 31, 2015 (filed as exhibit 3.2 with the registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on November 16, 2015)   

3.3  
      Amendment
    Number 1 to the Certificate of Designations, Rights and Preferences of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (referred
    to and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 20, 2015).   

4.1  
      Convertible
    Promissory Note, dated December 22, 2009; filed as exhibit 10.5 with the registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q (filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2010)   

4.2  
      Convertible
    Promissory Note, dated February 11, 2010 (filed as exhibit 10.6 with the registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q; filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2010)   

10.1  
      Investment
    Agreement   between Ecoblu Products, Inc., Manhattan Resources Limited and Dato  Low Tuck Kwong , dated February
    14, 2009 (filed as exhibit 10.1 with the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on February 16, 2011).   

10.2  
      Revolving
    Credit and Warrant Agreement   between Ecoblu Products, Inc. and Manhattan Resources Limited, dated February 14, 2009
    (filed as exhibit 10.2 with the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on February 16, 2011).   

10.3  
      Warrant
    Termination Agreement   between Ecoblu Products, Inc. and SLM Holding PTE, Ltd., dated January 12, 2011 (filed as exhibit
    10.3 with the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2011).   

10.4  
      Hartindo
    AF21 Product, Purchase, Sales, Distribution   Service Agreement, between Ecoblu Products, Inc. and Newstar Holdings Pte
    Ltd, dated January 18, 2011 (filed as exhibit 10.8 with the registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2011).   

10.5  
      Employment
    Agreement   between Eco Building Products, Inc. and Steve Conboy, Effective November 1, 2013 (filed as exhibit 10.5
    with the registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 14, 2014).   

10.6  
      Employment
    Agreement   between Eco Building Products, Inc. and Mark Vuozzo, Effective November 1, 2013 (filed as exhibit 10.6 with
    the registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 14, 2014).   

10.7  
      Executive
    Severance Agreement and General Release of All Claims Agreement Dated June 15, 2015   

31.1  
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer (Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a))   

31.2  
      Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer (Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a))   

101.INS
      
      XBRL
    Instance Document   

101.SCH  
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Schema   

101.CAL
      
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase   

101.DEF
      
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Definition Linkbase   

101.LAB
      
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Label Linkbase   

101.PRE
      
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase   

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ECO
    Building Products, Inc.   

Registrant  

Date:
    October 17, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Tom Comery   

Tom
    Comery, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)  

By:  
       /s/
    Tom Comery,   

Tom
    Comery, Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal
    Accounting Officer)  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature   
         
       Title   
         
       Date    

/s/
    Gerald M. Czarnecki   
         
      Chairman
    of the Board of Directors  
         
      October
    17, 2016   
 
      Gerald
    M. Czarnecki  

/s/
    Tom Comery   
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer and Director  
         
      October
    17, 2016   
 
      Tom
    Comery  
         
      (principal
    executive officer)  

/s/
    Judith Muhlberg   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    17, 2016   
 
      Judith
    Muhlberg  

<EX-10.7>
 2
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit
10.7   

CONFIDENTIAL
EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT   

   AND
GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS   

This
Confidential Severance Agreement and General Release of Claims ( Agreement ) is made by and between Eco Building Products,
Inc., a Colorado Corporation (the  Company ) and Steve Conboy ( Employee ), collectively (the  Parties ),
with respect to the following facts:  

Employee
is employed by the Company as its President and Chief Executive Officer and as Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors.
Employee s employment with the Company will terminate and he will resign as a member of the Board of Directors effective
June 15, 2015.  

The
Company wishes to assist Employee s transition. To facilitate this transition, the Company is offering Employee the benefits
described below if Employee executes this Agreement within 21 days after receipt.  

This
Agreement is presented to Employee on June 15, 2015.  

THEREFORE,
in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements set forth in this Agreement, it is agreed by and between the undersigned
as follows:  

1.
   Severance Payment and Benefits .  

1.1
The Company agrees to pay Employee a Severance Payment of Thirty Seven Thousand and Five Hundred Dollars ($37,500) (the  Payment )
to which the Employee is not otherwise entitled, less all appropriate federal and state tax withholdings. The Payment will be
made in three (3) equal installments of Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($12,500) each, payments made 30, 60 and 90 days
after the Effective Date of this Agreement.  

1.2
The Company will issue Employee an option to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to one percent (1%) of the total number of
shares of common stock outstanding on the date of the grant (the  Conboy Options ). The Conboy Options shall have
an exercise price equal to the closing bid price on the date of grant, expiration date of 10 years from the date of issuance and
shall vest as follows: (i) fifty percent (50%) of the option award will vest upon the Effective Date of this Agreement, and (ii)
the remaining fifty percent (50%) of the option award will vest six (6) months after the Effective Date of this Agreement, provided
that the Employee has not breached any provision of this Agreement.  

1.3
The Company will enter into the Consulting Agreement with the Employee, in such form and substance as attached as Attachment A
hereto. Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, the Company shall agree to pay Employee the amount of Three Hundred Fifty Dollars
($350) per day for any consulting services agreed to after June 15, 2015 as requested in writing by the Company.  

1.4
Employee acknowledges and agrees that these payments and benefits are adequate consideration for the promises and representations
made in this Agreement, and that Employee has been paid all other compensation due, including wages, commissions or bonuses, and
any other owed compensation of any kind, and any accrued but unpaid wages, commissions, bonuses or owed compensation of any kind
is hereby deemed paid and satisfied in full by the consideration provided in this Section 1.  

2.
   Conditions . This Agreement is expressly
conditioned upon:  

2.1
Employee s: (a) prompt and orderly transition of all responsibilities to a Board of Directors  designee; (b) resignation
from his positions as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors; and (c) tender
of his Series A shares for cancellation effective immediately.  

2.2
Employee s return of all Company property, including laptops, cell phones, storage devices, calendars, credit cards, files
and any other items issued to or created by Employee, or purchased by Company during the Employee s employment. This includes
the immediate return of all Company vehicles being used by Employee and/or Employee s family members. In addition, the Employee
shall provide the Company with access to any materials, websites, domain names and other marketing and sales material (the  Promotional
Materials ) that the Employee controls and shall transfer full title and ownership in those Promotional Materials and shall
not alter, change, post any information on the Promotional Materials. All Promotional Materials shall hereinafter be property
of the Company whether title is actually transferred or not.  

2.3
Employee s reaffirmation of his obligations under paragraphs 7-10 of his November 1, 2013 Employment Agreement.  

2.4
Employee s agreement to not solicit for employment, or encourage the departure of, any of Company s employees for
a period of one (1) year.  

2.5
Employee s agreement that, except for his reaffirmation of paragraphs 7-10 in section 2.3 above, this Agreement supersedes
and replaces his November 1, 2013 Employment Agreement in all other respects.  

3.
   Representations . Employee hereby affirmatively
represents that he has suffered no workplace injury or illness during his employment.  

4.
   Employee Release .  

4.1
Employee unconditionally, irrevocably and absolutely releases and discharges the Company, and any parent and subsidiary corporations,
divisions and other affiliated entities of the Company, past and present, as well as the Company s employees, officers,
directors, agents, attorneys, successors and assigns (collectively,  Company Released Parties ), from all claims related
in any way to the transactions or occurrences between them to date to the fullest extent permitted by law including, but not limited
to, Employee s employment with the Company, the termination of Employee s employment, and all other losses, liabilities,
claims, demands and causes of action, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising directly or indirectly out of or in
any way connected with Employee s employment with the Company. This release is intended to have the broadest possible application
and includes, but is not limited to, any tort, contract, common law, constitutional or other statutory claims, any claim for unpaid
wages, commissions, bonuses or other employment benefits, as well as alleged violations of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act,
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967,
as amended, and all claims for attorneys  fees, costs and expenses. However, this release will not apply to claims for workers 
compensation benefits, unemployment insurance benefits, or any other claims that cannot lawfully be waived, nor is this release
intended to restrict Employee s ability to communicate with any regulatory or law enforcement agency.  

4.2
Employee acknowledges that   Employee   may discover facts or law different from, or in addition to, the facts or law
that Employee   knows or believes to be true with respect to the claims released in this Agreement and agrees, nonetheless,
that this Agreement and the release contained in it shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different
or additional facts or the discovery of them.  

4.3
Employee declares and represents that Employee intends this Agreement to be final, complete, and not subject to any claim of mistake.
Employee executes this release with the full knowledge that this release covers all possible claims against the Released Parties,
to the fullest extent permitted by law.  

4.4
Employee   expressly waives Employee s right to recover any type of personal relief from the Company, including monetary
damages or reinstatement, in any administrative action or proceeding, whether state or federal, and whether brought by Employee
or on Employee s behalf by an administrative agency, related in any way to the matters released herein.  

5.
   California Civil Code Section 1542 Waiver .
Employee agrees that all rights under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code are expressly waived. That section provides:  

A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME
OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.   

Employee
understands that he is a  creditor  within the meaning of Section 1542.  

6.
   Representation Concerning Filing of Legal
Actions . Employee represents that, as of the date of this Agreement, Employee   has not filed any lawsuits, complaints,
petitions, claims or other accusatory pleadings against the Company or any of the other Company Released Parties in any court
of law. Employee further agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Employee   will not prosecute in any court,
whether state or federal, any claim or demand of any type related to the matters released above, it being the intention of the
parties that with the execution of this release, the Company Released Parties will be absolutely, unconditionally and forever
discharged of and from all obligations to or on behalf of Employee related in any way to the matters discharged herein. Employee
also agrees that Employee will not voluntarily participate in, be a witness in, be a party to, or otherwise voluntarily become
involved in any claims, potential claim or litigation against Employer or Company Released Parties. Employee further agrees that
Employee will not voluntarily assist or encourage in any manner whatsoever any person, party, or litigant, in any claim, potential
claim or action, against Employer or Company Released Parties to the fullest extent permitted by law. This provision is not intended
to prevent or restrict Employee from responding to a legally-issued subpoena from a court of competent jurisdiction.  

7.
   No Admissions . By entering into this Agreement,
the Company Released Parties make no admission that they have engaged, or are now engaging, in any unlawful conduct.  

8.
   Older Workers  Benefit Protection Act .
This Agreement is intended to satisfy the requirements of the Older Workers  Benefit Protection Act, 29 U.S.C. sec. 626(f).
The following general provisions, along with the other provisions of this Agreement, are agreed to for this purpose:  

i.
Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee has read and understands the terms of this Agreement.  

ii.
Employee is advised that Employee should consult with an attorney before executing this Agreement, and Employee acknowledges that
Employee has obtained and considered any legal advice Employee deems necessary, such that Employee is entering into this Agreement
freely, knowingly, and voluntarily.  

iii.
Employee acknowledges that   Employee has been given at least 21 days in which to consider whether or not to enter into this
Agreement. Employee understands that, at Employee s option, Employee may elect not to use the full 21-day period.  

iv.
If Employee accepts the Agreement, Employee shall deliver a signed copy to Tom Comery as a member of the Board of Directors as
soon as practical but no later than 21 days after receipt of the Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable
until the eighth day after Employee signs this Agreement, or as soon thereafter as Employee satisfies the conditions expressed
in paragraph 2 above. In other words, Employee may revoke   Employee s acceptance of this Agreement within seven days
after the date Employee signs it. Employee s revocation must be in writing and received by Tom Comery as member of the Board
of Directors by 5:00 p.m. on the seventh day in order to be effective. If Employee   does not revoke acceptance within the
seven day period, Employee s acceptance of this Agreement becomes binding and enforceable on the eighth day (the  Effective
Date ). The Severance Payment will become due and payable in accordance with paragraph 1 above after the Effective Date,
provided Employee does not revoke.  

v.
This Agreement does not waive or release any rights or claims that Employee may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act that arise after the execution of this Agreement.  

9.
   Severability . If any provision of this
Agreement is deemed unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision shall be deemed modified to the extent
necessary to allow enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the Released Parties will receive the
benefits contemplated herein to the fullest extent permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the judgment
of such court, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions
shall not be affected thereby.  

10.
   Confidentiality . In further consideration
of the agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement, Employee agrees that the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
as well as the discussions which led to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (collectively referred to as the  Confidential
Information ) shall remain confidential. Employee shall not disclose this Confidential Information to any other person,
with the exception of Employee s tax advisors and attorneys who have need to know of the settlement. If released to any
such persons or entities, Employee shall advise the person or entity that the information is confidential and is to remain confidential
to the fullest extent possible under the law. Employee acknowledges that this confidentiality requirement is a material term of
this Agreement and that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement without Employee s agreement to comply with
these confidentiality obligations. Accordingly, any breach of this confidentiality clause by Employee is a material breach of
this entire agreement.  

11.
   Non-Disparagement . Employee further agrees
that Employee will not, orally or in writing, publicly or privately: (a) make or express any comment, view or opinion critical
or disparaging of the Company, its parent or subsidiaries, or any of their employees; or (b) authorize any agent or representative
to make or express such a comment, view or opinion, except as may be compelled by law. The statements prohibited by this Agreement
include, but are not limited to, those made on social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn, blogs, and message boards,
even if posted by pseudonym or anonymously. Employee acknowledges that this non-disparagement requirement is a material term of
this Agreement and that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement without Employee s agreement to comply with
these non-disparagement obligations. Accordingly, any breach of this non-disparagement clause by Employee is a material breach
of this entire agreement.  

12.
   Full Defense . This Agreement may be pled
as a full and complete defense to, and may be used as a basis for an injunction against, any action, suit or other proceeding
that may be prosecuted, instituted or attempted by Employee in breach hereof. Employee agrees that in the event an action or proceeding
is instituted by the Company Released Parties in order to enforce the terms or provisions of this Agreement, the Company Released
Parties shall be entitled to an award of reasonable costs and attorneys  fees incurred in connection with enforcing this
Agreement.  

13.
   Integration . This Agreement contains the
entire agreement between the Company and Employee on the subjects addressed in this Agreement and replaces any other prior agreements
or representations, whether oral or written, between them.  

14.
   Binding on Successors . The Parties agree
that this Agreement shall be binding on, and inure to the benefit of, Employee s or the Company s successors, heirs
and/or assigns.  

15.
   No Assignment . The parties warrant and
represent that they have not assigned or transferred to any person not a party to this Agreement any released matter or any right
to any of the consideration provided by either party pursuant to this Agreement.  

16.
   Modification . This Agreement may be amended
only by a written instrument executed by all Parties hereto.  

17.
   Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts and shall be binding on all Parties when each has signed an original or copy of this Agreement.  

THE
PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HAVE READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. WHEREFORE,
THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT ON THE DATES SHOWN BELOW.   

Steve
    Conboy   

ECO BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.   

By:

Tom
    Comery   

Board
    of Directors, Board Member   

ATTACHMENT
A   

CONSULTING
AGREEMENT   

This
Consulting Agreement ( Agreement ) is entered into by and between ECO BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC. (the  Company )
with a business address of 909 West Vista Way, Vista, CA 92083 and STEVE CONBOY ( Consultant ), (collectively  the
Parties ), as of the date both Parties have signed it below.  

1.
   Retention of Services . The Company hereby
engages Consultant to provide consulting services on an as-needed basis. All such services shall be performed in a professional
and responsible manner, consistent with the Company s best interests.  

2.
   Term . The term of this Agreement shall
be from the date of execution through December 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated in accordance with Paragraph 8 below. This Agreement
shall not automatically renew at the end of the term.  

3.
   Compensation .  

3.1
 Fees . As compensation for the satisfactory performance of all duties to be performed by Consultant hereunder, the Company
will pay Consultant fees for services rendered in the gross amount of Three Hundred Fifty Dollars ($350.00) per day for consulting
services requested by and rendered to the Company. Consultant will monitor and keep records of the hours spent on this engagement
and such records shall be provided to Company on a semi-monthly basis. Adjustment of fees must be approved in writing by both
Parties.  

3.2
 Expenses . Company shall reimburse Consultant for necessary expenses incurred in connection with Consultant s performance
of services under this Agreement. During the term of this Agreement, Consultant shall bill all approved expenses to the Company
on a monthly basis and shall provide documentation satisfactory to the Company to support each expense item billed.  

4.
   Independent Contractor Relationship . Consultant s
relationship with Company will be that of an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or should be
construed to, create a partnership, agency, joint venture or employment relationship. Consultant will not be entitled to any of
the benefits that Company may make available to its employees, including, but not limited to, group health, life insurance, profit-sharing
or retirement benefits, stock option plans, paid personal leave, or holidays. Consultant shall be entitled to all benefits or
privileges provided to Company consultants under any existing Company policy or practice, including but not limited to the right
to continue vesting in any stock options granted to the Consultant while previously employed by the Company.  

4.1
 Authority . Consultant will not be authorized to make any representation, contract or commitment on behalf of the Company
unless specifically requested or authorized in writing to do so by the Chief Executive Officer of Company or the Board of Directors.  

4.2
 Licenses and Insurance . Consultant will be solely responsible for obtaining any business or similar licenses required by
any federal, state or local authority. Consultant assumes all risk connected with work to be performed. Consultant further assumes
responsibility for Workers  Compensation for himself and any employees of Consultant.  

4.3
 Taxes . Consultant will be solely responsible for, and will file on a timely basis, all tax returns and payments required
to be filed with, or made to, any federal, state or local tax authority with respect to the performance of services and receipt
of fees under this Agreement. Consultant s compensation under this Agreement will not be subject to withholding by Company
for the payment of any social security, federal, state or any other employee payroll taxes. Company will regularly report amounts
paid to Consultant by filing a Form 1099-MISC with the Internal Revenue Service as required by law.  

4.4
 Method of Performing Services; Results . In accordance with Company s objectives, Consultant will determine the method,
details and means of performing the services required by this Agreement. Unless specifically directed by the Company, the Company
shall not control the manner or determine the method of performing Consultant s services. Consultant shall provide the services
for which Consultant is engaged to the reasonable satisfaction of Company.  

4.5
 Warranties . Consultant warrants that the services to be performed under this Agreement shall be performed in a diligent
manner in accordance with applicable industry and professional standards, and that the work product will be free from defects
and conform to applicable specifications. Consultant will, at no expense to Company, provide error corrections and make such additions,
modifications or adjustments as may be necessary to correct nonconforming work product.  

4.6
 Workplace, Hours and Instrumentalities . Consultant may perform the services required by this Agreement at any place or
location and at such times as Consultant shall determine. Consultant agrees to provide all tools and instrumentalities, if any,
required to perform the services under this Agreement.  

5.
   Ownership Rights; Inventions; Assignment .
Company shall own all right, title and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark
rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions
(whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designations, designs, know-how, ideas and information made or conceived
or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Consultant during the term of this Agreement that relate to the subject matter
of, or arise out of, the consulting services provided under this Agreement (collectively,  Inventions ) and Consultant
will promptly disclose and provide all Inventions to Company. Consultant hereby makes all assignments necessary to accomplish
the foregoing ownership subject to the Exclusion Notice below. Consultant shall further assist Company, at Company s expense,
to further evidence, record and perfect such assignments, and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce, and defend any rights assigned.
Consultant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Company as its agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and in Consultant s
behalf to execute and file any document and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the foregoing with the same legal
force and effect as if executed by Consultant.  

5.1
 Exclusion Notice . Pursuant to California Labor Code section 2870, the assignment by Consultant of Inventions under this
Agreement does not apply to any Inventions to which all of the following are applicable: (a) no equipment, supplies, facility,
or trade secret information of Company were used; (b) the invention or idea does not relate to the business of Company; (c) the
invention or idea does not relate to Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development; (d) the invention
or idea does not result from any work performed by Consultant for Company; and (e) no part of the Invention was developed during
times Consultant was performing work for the Company. The Parties acknowledge that Inclusion of this provision shall not alter
Consultant s Independent Contractor status.  

5.2
 Prior Inventions . This Agreement shall not embrace or include any inventions owned or controlled by Consultant, either
alone or in conjunction with others, prior to the time of engagement of Consultant by the Company, other than any inventions which
were owned by or created for or on behalf of the Company, which Consultant acknowledges are owned by Company. Consultant has set
forth on  Exhibit  1   attached hereto a complete list of all inventions, if any, patented or unpatented, copyrighted
or not copyrighted, including numbers of all patents and patent applications filed thereon, and applications for copyright protection
and registration filed thereon, and a brief description of all unpatented inventions which Consultant made prior to this Agreement
and which are to be excluded from the scope of this Agreement. Any patentable improvements made on such listed inventions after
the commencement of the engagement of Consultant by the Company shall be deemed Inventions within the scope of this Agreement.
In the event Consultant does not list any such inventions on Exhibit  B,  there shall conclusively be deemed to be
no inventions to be excluded from the scope of this Agreement.  

5.3
 Time of Invention . For the purposes of this Agreement, an Invention is deemed to have been made during the term of Consultant s
engagement by the Company if the Invention was conceived or first actually reduced to practice during the term of such engagement.  

5.4
 Grant of License . If any part of the services provided under this Agreement or Inventions are based on, incorporate, or
are an improvement or derivative of, or cannot be reasonably and fully made, used, reproduced, distributed and otherwise exploited
without using or violating technology or intellectual property rights owned or licensed by Consultant and not assigned hereunder,
Consultant hereby grants Company and its successors a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicensable
right and license to exploit and exercise all such technology and intellectual property rights in support of Company s exercise
or exploitation of the services performed under this Agreement, or any assigned rights (including any modifications, improvements
and derivatives of any of them).  

6.
   Confidential Information . Consultant acknowledges
and agrees that in relation to the services being provided under this Agreement, Consultant may be given access to confidential
or proprietary documents, materials or information regarding the Company s products, research, business affairs, and personnel
matters, which Consultant acknowledges and agrees are of a highly sensitive and confidential nature and considered trade secrets
and/or proprietary to the Company. Such information, documents and materials may include, without limitation, trade secrets, inventions,
research, plans, proposals, marketing and sales programs, financial projections, cost summaries, pricing formulas and all concepts
or ideas, materials or information related to the products, research, business or sales of the Company or the Company s
customers or business partners, as well as the Company s personnel matters, which has not previously been released to the
public at large by an authorized representative of the Company. Consultant represents that she will hold all such information
confidential and that she will not use such confidential or proprietary information and/or documents for any purpose other than
to perform services under this Agreement for the benefit of the Company. Consultant understands that this obligation of confidentiality
continues even after the expiration or termination of this Agreement.  

6.1
 Third Party Confidential Information . Consultant warrants that Consultant s performance of all the terms of this
Agreement does not and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired
by Consultant prior to Consultant s rendering services to Company. Consultant agrees not to disclose to Company, or induce
Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any of Consultant s customers or previous
employers. Consultant warrants that Consultant is not a party to any other written or oral agreement that will interfere with
Consultant s full compliance with this Agreement. Consultant further agrees not to enter into any written or oral agreement
in conflict with the provisions of this Agreement.  

6.2
 Ownership and Return of Company Property . All materials (including, without limitation, documents, drawings, models, apparatus,
sketches, designs, lists, all other tangible media of expression), equipment, documents, data, software and other property furnished
to Consultant by Company, whether delivered to Consultant by Company or made by Consultant in the performance of services under
this Agreement (collectively, the  Company Property ) are the sole and exclusive property of Company or Company s
suppliers or customers, and Consultant hereby does and will assign to Company all rights, title and interest Consultant may have
or acquire in Company Property. At the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or at Company s request, and no later
than five (5) days thereafter, or upon Company s request at any time, Consultant shall destroy or deliver to Company, at
Company s option: (a) all Company Property; (b) all tangible media of expression in Consultant s possession or control
which incorporate or in which are fixed any Confidential Information; and (c) written certification of Consultant s compliance
with Consultant s obligations under this subparagraph.  

6.3
 Observance of Company Rules . At all times while on Company s premises, Consultant will observe Company s rules
and regulations with respect to conduct, health and safety and protection of persons and property.  

7.
   No Conflict of Interest . During the term
of this Agreement, Consultant will not undertake any obligation inconsistent with the terms under this Agreement. Consultant warrants
that, to the best of Consultant s knowledge, there is no other contract or duty on the part of Consultant that conflicts
with or is inconsistent with this Agreement. This paragraph does not prevent Consultant from performing the same or similar services
for clients other than Company so long as such services do not directly or indirectly conflict with Consultant s obligations
under this Agreement.  

8.
   Termination . Company or Consultant may
terminate this Agreement at any time by providing written notice of same.  

9.
   General Provisions .  

9.1
 Successors and Assigns . The rights and obligations of Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall
be binding upon the successors and assigns of Company. Consultant may not assign his rights, subcontract or otherwise delegate
his obligations under this Agreement without Company s prior written consent. This shall not, however, prevent Consultant
from employing employees to assist in Consultant s rendering of services to Company under Consultant s supervision,
as deemed necessary by Consultant.  

9.2
 Consultant Indemnification . Consultant shall be liable for, and agrees to pay, any and all debts, claims, demands, liabilities,
expenses, losses, injuries, damages and reasonable attorneys  fees arising out of Consultant s services rendered hereunder.
Further, Consultant shall indemnify and hold Company harmless from and against any and all debts, claims, demands, liabilities,
expenses, losses, injuries, damages for injury to or death of persons, including, but not limited to, Consultant s employees,
if any, Consultant s customers and previous employers, Company s customers and employees, and damages or destruction
to property, including, but not limited to, property of Company, resulting, in any manner, from Consultant s performance
of services hereunder.  

9.3
 Notices . Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with
notice deemed given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when delivered personally; (b) by overnight courier, upon written
verification of receipt; (c) by telecopy or facsimile transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission;
or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notice shall be sent to the addresses
set forth above or to such other address as either party may specify in writing.  

9.4
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the United States of America and by the
laws of the State of California, as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California
between California residents.  

9.5
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of law to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a)
that provision shall be deemed amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect as the original provision, and
(b) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired
thereby.  

9.6
 Waiver; Amendment; Modification . No term or provision hereof will be considered waived by Company, and no breach excused
by Company, unless such waiver or consent is in writing signed by Company. The waiver by Company of, or consent by Company to,
a breach of any provision of this Agreement by Consultant, shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of, consent to, or excuse
of any other or subsequent breach by Consultant. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by mutual agreement of authorized
representatives of the Parties in writing.  

9.7
 Injunctive Relief for Breach . Consultant s obligations under this Agreement are of a unique character that gives
them particular value. Consultant s breach of any of such obligations will result in irreparable and continuing damage to
Company for which there will be no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of such breach, the Parties agree that Company
will be entitled to injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance, and such other and further relief as may be proper
(including monetary damages if appropriate).  

9.8
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to this subject matter and
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such subject matter. The terms of this Agreement
will govern all services undertaken by Consultant for Company.  

9.9
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and shall be binding on all Parties when each has signed either
an original or copy of this Agreement.  

THE
PARTIES HAVE READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. WHEREFORE, THE PARTIES
HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT AS OF THE DATES INDICATED BELOW.  

Steve
    Conboy   

ECO
    BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.    

By:

Tom
    Comery   

Board
    of Directors, Board Member   

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

   OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Tom Comery, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Amendment Number 1 to Form 10-K of Eco Building Products, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    present in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    October 17, 2016  

/s/
    Tom Comery   

Tom
    Comery  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

   OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Tom Comery, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Amendment Number 1 to Form 10-K of Eco Building Products, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    present in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    October 17, 2016  

/s/
    Tom Comery   

Tom
    Comery  

(Principal
    Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 ecob-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ecob-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ecob-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ecob-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ecob-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ecob-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

