<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1432985_0001564590-16-029553_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2543512</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76872</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>133300</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>446034</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>889018</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>603752</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029553.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121171420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029553
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atlas Resources Public #18-2009 (B) L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001432985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				263223040
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-150925-02
		FILM NUMBER:		162011026

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PARK PLACE CORPORATE CENTER ONE
		STREET 2:		1000 COMMERCE DR. 4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15275
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-489-0006

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PARK PLACE CORPORATE CENTER ONE
		STREET 2:		1000 COMMERCE DR. 4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15275

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Atlas Resources Public #18-2008 (B) L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029553.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 pub18b-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

pub18b-10q_20160930.htm

United States  
 Securities and Exchange Commission  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 Form 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

For the transition period from                        to                         
 Commission file number 333-150925-02  
   
 ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.  
 (Name of small business issuer in its charter)  

Delaware  

26-3223040  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Park Place Corporate Center One 1000 Commerce Drive, 4th Floor Pittsburgh, PA  

15275  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(zip code)  

Issuer s telephone number, including area code: (412)-489-0006  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer,   non accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No        

ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.   
 (A Delaware Limited Partnership)  
 INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT  
 ON FORM 10-Q  

2 
 
        PART I. FIN  ANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
 ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.  
     CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  
 3 
 
    ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.   
     CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  
   
 4 
 
    ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.   
     CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  
   
 5 
 
    ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.   
     CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS  CAPITAL  
 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED  
 September 30, 2016  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  
   
 6 
 
    ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.   
     CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

7 
 
    ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.   
   NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 September 30, 2016  
 (Unaudited)  
   
 NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  
   
 Atlas Resources Public #18-2009 (B) L.P. (the  Partnership ) is a Delaware limited partnership, formed on April 8, 2008 with Atlas Resources, LLC serving as its Managing General Partner and Operator ( Atlas Resources  or the  MGP ). Atlas Resources is an indirect subsidiary of Titan Energy, LLC ( Titan ). Titan is an independent developer and producer of natural gas, crude oil, and natural gas liquids, with operations in basins across the United States. Titan is a leading sponsor and manager of tax-advantaged investment partnerships, in which it co-invests to finance a portion of its natural gas and oil production activities. 
   
  Atlas Energy Group, LLC ( Atlas Energy Group  OTC: ATLS) is a publicly traded company and operates Titan and the MGP through a 2% preferred member interest in Titan.   
 The Partnership has drilled and currently operates wells located in Pennsylvania, Tennessee and Indiana. We have no employees and rely on our MGP for management, which in turn, relies on Atlas Energy Group for administrative services. 
 The Partnership s operating cash flows are generated from its wells, which produce natural gas and oil. Produced natural gas and oil is then delivered to market through affiliated and/or third-party gas gathering systems. The Partnership intends to produce its wells until they are depleted or become uneconomical to produce, at which time they will be plugged and abandoned or sold. The Partnership does not expect to drill additional wells and expects no additional funds will be required for drilling.  
 The condensed financial statements, which are unaudited, except for the balance sheet at December 31, 2015, which is derived from audited financial statements, have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although we believe that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading.  These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto presented in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 may not necessarily be indicative of the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 The economic viability of the Partnership s production is based on a variety of factors including proved developed reserves that it can expect to recover through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of additional required extraction equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and through currently installed extraction equipment and related infrastructure which is operational at the time of the reserves estimate (if the extraction is by means not involving drilling, completing or reworking a well). There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proven reserves and in projecting future net revenues. 
 The prices at which the Partnership s natural gas and oil will be sold are uncertain and the Partnership is not guaranteed a specific price for the sale of its production. Changes in natural gas and oil prices have a significant impact on the Partnership s cash flow and the value of its reserves. Lower natural gas and oil prices may not only decrease the Partnership s revenues, but also may reduce the amount of natural gas and oil that the Partnership can produce economically. 
 Atlas Resource Partners, L.P. Restructuring and Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceedings 
 On July 25, 2016, Atlas Resource Partners, L.P. ( ARP ) and certain of its subsidiaries, including the MGP, and Atlas Energy Group, solely with respect to certain sections thereof, entered into a restructuring support agreement with ARP s lenders (the  Restructuring Support Agreement ) to support ARP s restructuring that reduced debt on its balance sheet (the  Restructuring ) pursuant to a pre-packaged plan of reorganization (the  Plan ).  
   
 On July 27, 2016, ARP and certain of its subsidiaries, including the MGP, filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( Chapter 11 ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the  Bankruptcy Court ). The cases commenced thereby were jointly administered under the caption  In re: ATLAS RESOURCE PARTNERS, L.P., et al.   
 8 
 
    ARP and the MGP operated the Partnership s businesses as  debtors in possession  under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions   of Chapter 11 and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court. Under the Plan, all suppliers, vendors, employees, royalty owners, trade partners and landlords were unimpaired and will be satisfied in full in the ordinary course of business, and the MGP s existing t  rade contracts and terms were maintained. To assure ordinary course operations, ARP and the MGP obtained interim approval from the Bankruptcy Court on a variety of  first day  motions, including motions seeking authority to use cash collateral on a consens  ual basis, pay wages and benefits for individuals who provide services to the Partnership, and pay vendors, oil and gas obligations and other creditor claims in the ordinary course of business.   
 The Partnership was not a party to the Restructuring Support Agreement. The ARP Restructuring did not materially impact the MGP or its ability to perform as the managing general partner and operator of the Partnership s operations. In June 2016, the MGP transferred $167,700 of funds to the Partnership based on projected monthly distributions to its limited partners over the next several months to ensure accessible distribution funding coverage in accordance with the Partnership s operations and partnership agreements in the event the MGP experienced a prolonged restructuring period as the MGP performs all administrative and management functions for the Partnership. As of September 30, 2016 the Partnership has used these funds for distributions. On July 26, 2016, the MGP adopted certain amendments to our partnership agreement, in accordance with the MGP s ability to amend our partnership agreement to cure an ambiguity in or correct or supplement any provision of our partnership agreement as may be inconsistent with any other provision, to provide that bankruptcy and insolvency events, such as the MGP s Chapter 11 filing, with respect to the managing general partner would not cause the managing general partner to cease to serve as the managing general partner of the Partnership nor cause the termination of the Partnership. 
   
 Atlas Energy Group was not a party to the ARP Restructuring. Atlas Energy Group remains controlled by the same ownership group and management team and thus, the ARP Restructuring did not have a material impact on the ability of Atlas Energy Group management to operate ARP or the other Atlas Energy Group businesses. 
   
 On August 26, 2016, an order confirming ARP s Plan was entered by the Bankruptcy Court.  On September 1, 2016, ARP s Plan became effective and ARP emerged as Titan. 
   Liquidity, Capital Resources and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  
 The Partnership is generally limited to the amount of funds generated by the cash flow from its operations to fund its obligations and make distributions, if any, to its partners. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014 and have continued to decline and remain low in 2016. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted the Partnership s revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices will have a material and adverse effect on the Partnership s liquidity position. In addition, the Partnership has experienced significant downward revisions of its natural gas and oil reserves volumes and values due to the declines in commodity prices. The MGP continues to implement various cost saving measures to reduce the Partnership s operating and general and administrative costs, including renegotiating contracts with contractors, suppliers and service providers, reducing the number of staff and contractors and deferring and eliminating discretionary costs. The MGP will continue to be strategic in managing the Partnership s cost structure and, in turn, liquidity to meet its operating needs. To the extent commodity prices remain low or decline further, or the Partnership experiences other disruptions in the industry, the Partnership s ability to fund its operations and make distributions may be further impacted, and could result in the liquidation of the Partnership s operations. 
   
 Historically, there has been no need to borrow funds from the MGP to fund operations as the cash flow from the Partnership s operations have been adequate to fund its obligations and distributions to its partners. However, the recent significant declines in commodity prices have challenged the Partnership s ability to fund its operations and may make it uneconomical for the Partnership to produce its wells until they are depleted as the Partnership originally intended. Accordingly, these conditions may raise substantial doubt about the Partnership s ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
 If the Partnership is not able to continue as a going concern, the Partnership will liquidate.  If the Partnership s operations are liquidated, a valuation of the Partnership s assets and liabilities would be determined by an independent expert in accordance with the partnership agreement. It is possible that based on such determination, the Partnership would not be able to make any liquidation distributions to its limited partners. A liquidation could result in the transfer of the post-liquidation assets and liabilities of the Partnership to the MGP and would occur without any further contributions from or distributions to the limited partners. 
   
 The significant risks and uncertainties related to the Partnership s ability to fund its operations may raise substantial doubt about the Partnership s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern uncertainty. If the Partnership cannot continue as a going concern, adjustments to the carrying values and classification of the Partnership s assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses could be required and could be material.  
 9 

Liquidity and Capital Resources of the MGP 
   
 The MGP s primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, capital raised through its drilling partnership program, and borrowings under its credit facilities.  The MGP s primary cash requirements are operating expenses, debt service including interest, and capital expenditures. 
   
 The MGP has historically funded its operations, acquisitions and cash distributions primarily through cash generated from operations, amounts available under its credit facilities and equity and debt offerings. The MGP s future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including oil and natural gas prices. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014 and have continued to decline and remain low in 2016. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted the MGP s revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices could have a material and adverse effect on the MGP s liquidity position. In addition, challenges with the MGP s ability to raise capital through its drilling partnership program, either as a result of downturn in commodity prices or other difficulties affecting the fundraising channel, could negatively impact the MGP s ability to remain in compliance with the covenants under its credit facilities. 
 If the MGP is unable to remain in compliance with the covenants under its credit facilities, absent relief from its lenders, as applicable, the MGP may be forced to repay or refinance such indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders under the MGP s credit facilities, as applicable, could elect to declare all amounts outstanding immediately due and payable and the lenders could terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If an event of default occurs (including if the MGPs s borrowing base is redetermined below its current outstanding borrowings and they are unable to repay the deficiency or deposit additional collateral to eliminate such deficiency), or if other debt agreements cross-default, and the lenders under the affected debt agreements accelerate the maturity of any loans or other debt outstanding, the MGP will not have sufficient liquidity to repay all of its outstanding indebtedness, and as a result, there would be substantial doubt regarding the MGP s ability to continue as a going concern.  
 The MGP continually monitors the capital markets and our capital structure and may make changes to its capital structure from time to time, with the goal of maintaining financial flexibility, preserving or improving liquidity, strengthening its balance sheet, meeting its debt service obligations and/or achieving cost efficiency.  For example, the MGP could pursue options such as refinancing, restructuring or reorganizing its indebtedness or capital structure or seek to raise additional capital through debt or equity financing to address its liquidity concerns and high debt levels.   
 The MGP also continues to implement various cost saving measures to reduce its capital, operating and general and administrative costs, including renegotiating contracts with contractors, suppliers and service providers, reducing the number of staff and contractors and deferring and eliminating discretionary costs. The MGP will continue to be opportunistic and aggressive in managing its cost structure and, in turn, its liquidity to meet its capital and operating needs. The MGP cannot provide any assurances that any of these efforts will be successful or will result in cost reductions or cash flows or the timing of any such cost reductions or additional cash flows. It is also possible additional adjustments to the MGP s plan and outlook may occur based on market conditions and its needs at that time, which could include selling assets, seeking additional partners to develop its assets, and/or reducing its planned capital program.  In addition, to the extent commodity prices remain low or decline further, or the MGP experiences disruptions in its longer-term access to or cost of capital, the MGP s ability to fund future capital expenditures, growth projects or the Partnership s operations may be further impacted. 
   
 10 
 
    NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of the Partnership s condensed financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities that exist at the date of the Partnership s condensed financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and costs and expenses during the reporting periods. The Partnership s condensed financial statements are based on a number of significant estimates, including the revenue and expense accruals, depletion, impairments, fair value of derivative instruments and the probability of forecasted transactions. The natural gas industry principally conducts its business by processing actual transactions many as 60 days after the month of delivery. Consequently, the most recent two months  financial results were recorded using estimated volumes and contract market prices. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   
 Gas and Oil Properties  
 The following is a summary of gas and oil properties at the dates indicated:  

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
   
 In February 2016, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to leases. The updated accounting guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease asset and liability at the commencement date of all leases (with the exception of short-term leases), initially measured at the present value of the lease payments.  The updated guidance is effective for the Partnership as of January 1, 2019 and requires a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest period presented.  The Partnership is currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will have on its financial statements. 
 In August 2014, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to the evaluation of whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The updated accounting guidance requires an entity s management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and provide footnote disclosures, if necessary. The updated guidance is effective as of January 1, 2017 and the Partnership is currently in the process of determining the impact of providing the enhanced disclosures, as applicable, within its condensed financial statements. 
 In May 2014, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. The updated accounting guidance provides a single, contract-based revenue recognition model to help improve financial reporting by providing clearer guidance on when an entity should recognize revenue, and by reducing the number of standards to which an entity has to refer. In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date. The updated accounting guidance provides companies with alternative methods of adoption. The Partnership is currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will have on its condensed financial statements and its method of adoption. 
   
 NOTE 3 - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS  
 The MGP, on behalf of the Partnership, uses a number of different derivative instruments, principally put contracts and swaps, in connection with the partnership s commodity price risk management activities. The Partnership does not apply hedge accounting to any of its derivative instruments. As a result, gains and losses associated with derivative instruments are recognized in earnings.  
   The Partnership enters into commodity put contracts   and swaps to achieve more predictable cash flows by hedging the Partnership s exposure to changes in commodity prices. At any point in time, such contracts may include regulated New York  
 11 
 
  Mercantile Stock Exchange (   NYMEX   )   futures and options contracts and non-regulated over-the-counter futures contracts with   qualified counterparties. NYMEX contracts are generally settled with offsetting positions, but may be settled by the physical delivery of the commodity. These contracts have been recorded at their fair values.   
 The Partnership reflected net derivative assets on its condensed balance sheets of $41,400 and $359,900 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 The following table summarizes the commodity derivative activity and presentation in the condensed statements of operations for the periods indicated: 

At September 30, 2016, the Partnership had the following commodity derivatives:  
 Natural Gas Fixed Price Swaps - Limited Partners  

(1)   
 
  MMBtu  represents million British Thermal Units.    

(2)   
 
 Fair value based on forward NYMEX natural gas prices, as applicable.    

At September 30, 2016, the MGP had a secured hedge facility agreement with a syndicate of banks under which the Partnership has the ability to enter into derivative contracts to manage its exposure to commodity price movements. Under the MGP s revolving credit facility, the Partnership is required to utilize this secured hedge facility for future commodity risk management activity. The Partnership s obligations under the facility are secured by mortgages on its gas and oil properties and first priority security interests in substantially all of its assets and are guaranteed by the MGP. The MGP administers the commodity price risk management activity for the Partnership under the secured hedge facility. The secured hedge facility agreement contains covenants that limit the Partnership s ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make loans or investments, make distributions if a default under the secured hedge facility agreement exists or would result from the distribution, merge into or consolidate with other persons, enter into commodity or interest rate swap agreements that do not conform to specified terms or that exceed specified amounts, or engage in certain asset dispositions including a sale of all or substantially all of its assets. As of September 30, 2016, only the Partnership s natural gas swaps are included in the secured hedge facility.  
 12 
 
    An event of default occurred under the secured hedging facility agreement upon the MGP s filing of voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11. The lenders under the secured hedge facility agreed to forbear from exercising remedies in respect of such e  vent of default while the Chapter 11 filings   were   pending and, upon occurrence of the effective date of the Plan contemplated by the Restructuring Support Agreement, such event of default   was   no longer be deemed to exist or to continue under the secured he  dge facility.  
   
 In addition, it will be an event of default under the MGP s revolving credit facility if the MGP breaches an obligation governed by the secured hedge facility, and the effect of such breach is to cause amounts owing under swap agreements governed by the secured hedge facility to become immediately due and payable. 
            
 Pursuant to the Restructuring Support Agreement, ARP completed the sale of substantially all of its commodity hedge positions on July 25, 2016 and July 26, 2016, which included the put contracts allocated to the Partnership.  As of September 30, 2016, the value allocated to the Partnership is $9,700, net of put premiums of $24,600, which is recorded in accounts receivable trade   affiliate.  The put contract value, net of the put premiums, was distributed to the partnership in October 2016. 
   
 NOTE 4 - FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
   
 The Partnership uses  a market approach fair value methodology to value its outstanding derivative contracts . The fair value of a financial instrument depends on a number of factors, including the availability of observable market data over the contractual term of the underlying instrument. The Partnership separates the fair value of its financial instruments into three levels (Levels 1, 2 and 3) based on its assessment of the availability of observable market data and the significance of non-observable data used to determine fair value.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all derivative financial instruments were classified as Level 2. 
 Information for assets measured at fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows:  

NOTE 5 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
 The Partnership has entered into the following significant transactions with the MGP and its affiliates as provided under its Partnership Agreement. Administrative costs, which are included in general and administrative expenses in the Partnership s condensed statements of operations, are payable at $75 per well per month. Monthly well supervision fees, which are included in production expense in the Partnership s condensed statements of operations, are payable at $975 per well per month for Marcellus wells, $1,500 per well per month for New Albany wells, and for all other wells a fee of $392 is charged per well per month for operating and maintaining the wells. Well supervision fees are proportionately reduced to the extent the Partnership does not acquire 100% of the working interest in a well. Transportation fees are included in production expenses in the Partnership s condensed statements of operations and are generally payable at 16% of the natural gas sales price. Direct costs, which are included in production and general administrative expenses in the Partnership s condensed statements of operations, are payable to the MGP and its affiliates as reimbursement for all costs expended on the Partnership s behalf. 
 13 
 
    The following table provides information with respect to these costs and the periods incurred:   

The MGP and its affiliates perform all administrative and management functions for the Partnership, including billing revenues and paying expenses. Accounts payable trade-affiliate on the Partnership s balance sheets include costs relating to well construction for various wells paid by the MGP.  
 Subordination by Managing General Partner 
 Under the terms of the Partnership Agreement, the MGP may be required to subordinate up to 50% of its share of net production revenues so that the limited partners receive a return of at least 10% of their net subscriptions, determined on a cumulative basis, in each of the first five years of Partnership operations, commencing with the first distribution to the limited partners (February 2010).  The subordination period expired in February 2015. 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
 General Commitments  
 Subject to certain conditions, investor partners may present their interests for purchase by the MGP. The purchase price is calculated by the MGP in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement. The MGP is not obligated to purchase more than 5% of the total outstanding units in any calendar year. In the event that the MGP is unable to obtain the necessary funds, it may suspend its purchase obligation.  
 Beginning one year after each of the Partnership s wells has been placed into production, the MGP, as operator, may retain $200 per month per well to cover estimated future plugging and abandonment costs. As of September 30, 2016, the MGP has withheld $181,400 of net production revenue for future plugging and abandonment costs.  
 Legal Proceedings  
   
 The Partnership and affiliates of the MGP and their subsidiaries are party to various routine legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of its business. The MGP s management believes that none of these actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Partnership s or the MGP s financial condition or results of operations.  

14 

ITEM  2.   
 
          M  ANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)      

 Forward-Looking Statements  
 When used in this Form 10-Q, the words  believes ,  anticipates,   expects  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results stated or implied in this document. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements which we may make to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-Q or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  
 General  
 Atlas Resources Public #18-2009 (B) L.P. is a Delaware limited partnership, formed on April 8, 2008 with Atlas Resources, LLC serving as its Managing General Partner and Operator ( Atlas Resources  or the  MGP ). Atlas Resources is an indirect subsidiary of Titan Energy, LLC. Titan is an independent developer and producer of natural gas, crude oil, and natural gas liquids, with operations in basins across the United States. Titan is a leading sponsor and manager of tax-advantaged investment partnerships, in which it co-invests to finance a portion of its natural gas and oil production activities. 
 Atlas Energy Group, LLC ( Atlas Energy Group  OTC: ATLS) is a publicly traded company and operates Titan and the MGP through a 2% preferred member interest in Titan.  
 We have drilled and currently operate wells located in Pennsylvania, Tennessee, and Indiana. We have no employees and rely on our MGP for management, which in turn, relies on Atlas Energy Group, for administrative services. 
 We intend to continue to produce our wells until they are depleted or become uneconomical to produce, at which time they will be plugged and abandoned or sold. We expect that no other wells will be drilled and no additional funds will be required for drilling.  
 Atlas Resource Partners, L.P. Restructuring and Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceedings 
 On July 25, 2016, Atlas Resource Partners, L.P. ( ARP ) and certain of its subsidiaries, including the MGP, and Atlas Energy Group, solely with respect to certain sections thereof, entered into a restructuring support agreement with ARP s lenders (the  Restructuring Support Agreement ) to support ARP s restructuring that reduced debt on its balance sheet (the  Restructuring ) pursuant to a pre-packaged plan of reorganization (the  Plan ).  
   
 On July 27, 2016, ARP and certain of its subsidiaries, including the MGP, filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( Chapter 11 ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the  Bankruptcy Court ). The cases commenced thereby were jointly administered under the caption  In re: ATLAS RESOURCE PARTNERS, L.P., et al.   
 ARP and the MGP operated the Partnership s businesses as  debtors in possession  under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of Chapter 11 and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court. Under the Plan, all suppliers, vendors, employees, royalty owners, trade partners and landlords were unimpaired and will be satisfied in full in the ordinary course of business, and the MGP s existing trade contracts and terms were maintained. To assure ordinary course operations, ARP and the MGP obtained interim approval from the Bankruptcy Court on a variety of  first day  motions, including motions seeking authority to use cash collateral on a consensual basis, pay wages and benefits for individuals who provide services to the Partnership, and pay vendors, oil and gas obligations and other creditor claims in the ordinary course of business.  
 The Partnership was not a party to the Restructuring Support Agreement. The ARP Restructuring did not materially impact the MGP or its ability to perform as the managing general partner and operator of the Partnership s operations. In June 2016, the MGP transferred $167,700 of funds to the Partnership based on projected monthly distributions to its limited partners over the next several months to ensure accessible distribution funding coverage in accordance with the Partnership s operations and partnership agreement in the event the MGP experienced a prolonged restructuring period as the MGP performs all administrative and management functions for the Partnership. As of September 30, 2016 the Partnership has used these funds for distributions. On July 26, 2016, the MGP adopted certain amendments to our partnership agreement, in accordance with the MGP s ability to amend our partnership agreement to cure an ambiguity in or correct or supplement any provision of our partnership agreement as may be inconsistent with any other provision, to provide that bankruptcy and insolvency events, such as the MGP s Chapter 11 filing, with respect to the managing general partner would not cause the managing general partner to cease to serve as the managing general partner of the Partnership nor cause the termination of the Partnership. 
   
 15 
 
    Atlas Energy Group   was   not a party to the ARP Restructuring. Atlas Energy Group remains controlled by the same ownership group and management team and thus, the ARP Restructuring   did   not have a   material impact on the ability of Atlas Energy Group management to operate ARP or the other Atlas Energy Group businesses.  
   
 On August 26, 2016, an order confirming ARP s Plan was entered by the Bankruptcy Court. On September 1, 2016, ARP s Plan became effective and ARP emerged as Titan. 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The Partnership is generally limited to the amount of funds generated by the cash flow from its operations to fund its obligations and make distributions, if any, to its partners. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014 and have continued to decline and remain low in 2016. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted the Partnership s revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices will have a material and adverse effect on the Partnership s liquidity position. In addition, the Partnership has experienced significant downward revisions of its natural gas and oil reserves volumes and values due to the declines in commodity prices. The MGP continues to implement various cost saving measures to reduce the Partnership s operating and general and administrative costs, including renegotiating contracts with contractors, suppliers and service providers, reducing the number of staff and contractors and deferring and eliminating discretionary costs. The MGP will continue to be strategic in managing the Partnership s cost structure and, in turn, liquidity to meet its operating needs. To the extent commodity prices remain low or decline further, or the Partnership experiences other disruptions in the industry, the Partnership s ability to fund its operations and make distributions may be further impacted, and could result in the liquidation of the Partnership s operations. 
   
 Historically, there has been no need to borrow funds from the MGP to fund operations as the cash flow from the Partnership s operations have been adequate to fund its obligations and distributions to its partners. However, the recent significant declines in commodity prices have challenged the Partnership s ability to fund its operations and may make it uneconomical for the Partnership to produce its wells until they are depleted as the Partnership originally intended. Accordingly, these conditions may raise substantial doubt about the Partnership s ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
 If the Partnership is not able to continue as a going concern, the Partnership will liquidate.  If the Partnership s operations are liquidated, a valuation of the Partnership s assets and liabilities would be determined by an independent expert in accordance with the partnership agreement. It is possible that based on such determination, the Partnership would not be able to make any liquidation distributions to its limited partners. A liquidation could result in the transfer of the post-liquidation assets and liabilities of the Partnership to the MGP and would occur without any further contributions from or distributions to the limited partners. 
   
 The significant risks and uncertainties related to the Partnership s ability to fund its operations may raise substantial doubt about the Partnership s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern uncertainty. If the Partnership cannot continue as a going concern, adjustments to the carrying values and classification of the Partnership s assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses could be required and could be material.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources of the MGP 
   
 The MGP s primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, capital raised through its drilling partnership program, and borrowings under its credit facilities.  The MGP s primary cash requirements are operating expenses, debt service including interest, and capital expenditures. 
   
 The MGP has historically funded its operations, acquisitions and cash distributions primarily through cash generated from operations, amounts available under its credit facilities and equity and debt offerings. The MGP s future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including oil and natural gas prices. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014 and have continued to decline and remain low in 2016. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted the MGP s revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices could have a material and adverse effect on the MGP s liquidity position. In addition, challenges with the MGP s ability to raise capital through its drilling partnership program, either as a result of downturn in commodity prices or other difficulties affecting the fundraising channel, could negatively impact the MGP s ability to remain in compliance with the covenants under its credit facilities. 
 16 
 
    If the MGP is unable to remain in compliance with the covenants under its credit facilities, absent relief from its lenders, as applicable, the MGP may   be forced to repay or refinance such indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders under the MGP s credit facilities, as applicable, could elect to declare all amounts outstanding immediately due and payable and the lenders could t  erminate all commitments to extend further credit. If an event of default occurs (including if the MGPs s borrowing base is redetermined below its current outstanding borrowings and they are unable to repay the deficiency or deposit additional collateral t  o eliminate such deficiency), or if other debt agreements cross-default, and the lenders under the affected debt agreements accelerate the maturity of any loans or other debt outstanding, the MGP will not have sufficient liquidity to repay all of its outst  anding indebtedness, and as a result, there would be substantial doubt regarding the MGP s ability to continue as a going concern.   
 The MGP continually monitors the capital markets and our capital structure and may make changes to its capital structure from time to time, with the goal of maintaining financial flexibility, preserving or improving liquidity, strengthening its balance sheet, meeting its debt service obligations and/or achieving cost efficiency.  For example, the MGP could pursue options such as refinancing, restructuring or reorganizing its indebtedness or capital structure or seek to raise additional capital through debt or equity financing to address its liquidity concerns and high debt levels.   
     
 The MGP also continues to implement various cost saving measures to reduce its capital, operating and general and administrative costs, including renegotiating contracts with contractors, suppliers and service providers, reducing the number of staff and contractors and deferring and eliminating discretionary costs. The MGP will continue to be opportunistic and aggressive in managing its cost structure and, in turn, its liquidity to meet its capital and operating needs. The MGP cannot provide any assurances that any of these efforts will be successful or will result in cost reductions or cash flows or the timing of any such cost reductions or additional cash flows. It is also possible additional adjustments to the MGP s plan and outlook may occur based on market conditions and its needs at that time, which could include selling assets, seeking additional partners to develop its assets, and/or reducing its planned capital program.  In addition, to the extent commodity prices remain low or decline further, or the MGP experiences disruptions in its longer-term access to or cost of capital, the MGP s ability to fund future capital expenditures, growth projects or the Partnership s operations may be further impacted. 
 Overview  
 The following discussion provides information to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. Our operating cash flows are generated from our wells, which produce primarily natural gas, but also some oil. Our produced natural gas and oil is then delivered to market through affiliated and/or third-party gas gathering systems. Our ongoing operating and maintenance costs have been and are expected to be fulfilled through revenues from the sale of our natural gas and oil production. We pay our MGP, as operator, a monthly well supervision fee, which covers all normal and regularly recurring operating expenses for the production and sale of natural gas and oil such as:  

well tending, routine maintenance and adjustment;      

reading meters, recording production, pumping, maintaining appropriate books and records; and      

preparation of reports for us and government agencies.      

 The well supervision fees, however, do not include costs and expenses related to the purchase of certain equipment, materials and brine disposal. If these expenses are incurred, we pay cost for third-party services, materials and a competitive charge for services performed directly by our MGP or its affiliates. Also, beginning one year after each of our wells has been placed into production, our MGP, as operator, may retain $200 per month, per well, to cover the estimated future plugging and abandonment costs of the well. As of September 30, 2016, our MGP has withheld $181,400 of net production revenues for this purpose.  
 17 
 
    Markets and Competition   
 The availability of a ready market for natural gas and oil produced by us, and the price obtained, depends on numerous factors beyond our control, including the extent of domestic production, imports of foreign natural gas and oil, political instability or terrorist acts in gas and oil producing countries and regions, market demand, competition from other energy sources, the effect of federal regulation on the sale of natural gas and oil in interstate commerce, other governmental regulation of the production and transportation of natural gas and oil and the proximity, availability and capacity of pipelines and other required facilities. Our MGP is responsible for selling our production. During 2016 and 2015, we experienced no problems in selling our natural gas and oil. Product availability and price are the principal means of competing in selling natural gas and oil production. While it is impossible to accurately determine our comparative position in the industry, we do not consider our operations to be a significant factor in the industry.  
   
 Results of Operations  
 The following table sets forth information relating to our production revenues, volumes, sales prices, production costs and depletion during the periods indicated:  

(1)   
 
  Mcf  represents thousand cubic feet,  mcfe  represents thousand cubic feet equivalent, and  bbl  represents barrels. Bbl is converted to mcfe using the ratio of nine mcfs to one bbl.     

(2)   
 
 Average sales prices represent accrual basis pricing after adjusting for the effect of previously recognized gains resulting from prior period impairment charges.     

(3)   
 
 Average gas prices are calculated by including in total revenue derivative gains previously recognized into income in connection with prior period impairment charges and dividing by the total volume for the period. Previously recognized derivative gains were $32,900 and $1,300 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $96,100 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    

 Natural Gas Revenues.  Our natural gas revenues were $335,800 and $476,400 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $140,600 (30%). The $140,600 decrease in natural gas revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year similar period was attributable to a $160,500 decrease in production volumes partially offset by $19,900 increase in our natural gas sales prices after the effect of financial hedges, which were driven by market conditions. Our production volumes decreased to 2,436 mcf per day for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 3,674 mcf per day for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of 1,238 mcf per day (34%). The overall decrease in natural gas production volumes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year similar period resulted primarily from the normal decline inherent in the life of a well and a decrease in the number of producing wells.  
 18 
 
    Our natural gas revenues were $  1,0  55  ,  4  00   and $  1,98  0,8  00   for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   and 201  5  , respectively, a   de  crease of $  925  ,  4  00   (  47  %). The $  9  25  ,  4  00     de  crease in natural gas revenues for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   as compared to the prior year similar period was attributable to a $  508,800     decrease in production volumes   and   a $  416  ,  6  00   de  crease in our natural gas sales prices after the effect   of financial hedges, which   were   driven by market conditions. Our production volumes decreased to   2,832     m  cf   per day for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   from   3,824     m  cf   per day for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  5  , a decrease of   992     m  cf   per d  ay (  26  %). The overall decrease in natural gas production volumes for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 201  6   as compared to the prior year similar period resulted primarily from the normal decline   inherent in the life of a well   and a decrease in the number of producing wells.  
 Oil Revenues.  We drilled wells primarily to produce natural gas, rather than oil, but some wells have limited oil production.  Our oil revenues were $500 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $500.   
 Our oil revenues were $1,400 and $800 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $600 (75%). The $600 increase in oil revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year similar period was attributable to a $1,000 increase in production volumes, partially offset by a $400 decrease in oil prices. Our production volumes increased to 0.14 bbls per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.06 bbls per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of 0.08 bbls per day (133%).  
   
 Gain on Mark-to-Market Derivatives.  We recognize changes in fair value of our derivatives immediately within gain on mark-to-market derivatives on our condensed statements of operations.   
   
 We recognized a gain on mark-to-market derivatives of $2,400 and $133,100 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We recognized a gain on mark-to-market derivatives of $600 and $215,300 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  These changes were due to mark-to-market changes primarily related to the change in natural gas prices during the periods.  
 Costs and Expenses.    Production expenses were $188,400 and $383,200 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $194,800 (51%). Production expenses were $731,200 and $1,259,400 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $528,200 (42%). The decreases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year similar period were mostly due to lower transportation costs due to a decrease in the realized price of natural gas and a decrease in other direct costs.  
 Depletion of oil and gas properties as a percentage of oil and gas revenues was 28% and 81% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 31% and 60% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These percentage changes are directly attributable to changes in revenues, oil and gas reserve quantities, product prices and production volumes and changes in the depletable cost basis of oil and gas properties. 
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $23,300 and $27,700, respectively, a decrease of $4,400 (16%). For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, these expenses were $70,600 and $81,200, respectively, a decrease of $10,600 (13%). These expenses include third-party costs for services as well as the monthly administrative fees charged by our MGP. The decreases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 are primarily due to an increase in third-party costs as compared to the prior year similar period. 
   
 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The Partnership is generally limited to the amount of funds generated by the cash flow from its operations to fund its obligations and make distributions, if any, to its partners. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014 and have continued to decline and remain low in 2016. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted the Partnership s revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices will have a material and adverse effect on the Partnership s liquidity position. In addition, the Partnership has experienced significant downward revisions of its natural gas and oil reserves volumes and values due to the declines in commodity prices. The MGP continues to implement various cost saving measures to reduce the Partnership s operating and general and administrative costs, including renegotiating contracts with contractors, suppliers and service providers, reducing the number of staff and contractors and deferring and eliminating discretionary costs. The MGP will continue to be strategic in managing the Partnership s cost structure and, in turn, liquidity to meet its operating needs. To the extent commodity prices remain low or decline further, or the Partnership experiences other disruptions in the industry, the Partnership s ability to fund its operations and make distributions may be further impacted, and could result in the liquidation of the Partnership s operations. 

Historically, there has been no need to borrow funds from the MGP to fund operations as the cash flow from the Partnership s operations have been adequate to fund its obligations and distributions to its partners. However, the recent significant declines in  
 19 
 
  commodity prices have challenged the Partnership s ability to fund its operations and may make it uneconomical for the Partnership to produce its wells until they are depleted as the Partnership originally intende  d. Accordingly, these conditions may raise substantial doubt about the Partnership s ability to continue as a going concern.  
   
 If the Partnership is not able to continue as a going concern, the Partnership will liquidate.  If the Partnership s operations are liquidated, a valuation of the Partnership s assets and liabilities would be determined by an independent expert in accordance with the partnership agreement. It is possible that based on such determination, the Partnership would not be able to make any liquidation distributions to its limited partners. A liquidation could result in the transfer of the post-liquidation assets and liabilities of the Partnership to the MGP and would occur without any further contributions from or distributions to the limited partners. 
   
 The significant risks and uncertainties related to the Partnership s ability to fund its operations may raise substantial doubt about the Partnership s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern uncertainty. If the Partnership cannot continue as a going concern, adjustments to the carrying values and classification of the Partnership s assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses could be required and could be material.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources of the MGP 
   
 The MGP s primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, capital raised through its drilling partnership program, and borrowings under its credit facilities.  The MGP s primary cash requirements are operating expenses, debt service including interest, and capital expenditures. 
   
 The MGP has historically funded its operations, acquisitions and cash distributions primarily through cash generated from operations, amounts available under its credit facilities and equity and debt offerings. The MGP s future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including oil and natural gas prices. Prices for oil and natural gas began to decline significantly during the fourth quarter of 2014 and have continued to decline and remain low in 2016. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted the MGP s revenues, earnings and cash flows. Sustained low commodity prices could have a material and adverse effect on the MGP s liquidity position. In addition, challenges with the MGP s ability to raise capital through its drilling partnership program, either as a result of downturn in commodity prices or other difficulties affecting the fundraising channel, could negatively impact the MGP s ability to remain in compliance with the covenants under its credit facilities. 
 If the MGP is unable to remain in compliance with the covenants under its credit facilities, absent relief from its lenders, as applicable, the MGP may be forced to repay or refinance such indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders under the MGP s credit facilities, as applicable, could elect to declare all amounts outstanding immediately due and payable and the lenders could terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If an event of default occurs (including if the MGPs s borrowing base is redetermined below its current outstanding borrowings and they are unable to repay the deficiency or deposit additional collateral to eliminate such deficiency), or if other debt agreements cross-default, and the lenders under the affected debt agreements accelerate the maturity of any loans or other debt outstanding, the MGP will not have sufficient liquidity to repay all of its outstanding indebtedness, and as a result, there would be substantial doubt regarding the MGP s ability to continue as a going concern.  
 The MGP continually monitors the capital markets and our capital structure and may make changes to its capital structure from time to time, with the goal of maintaining financial flexibility, preserving or improving liquidity, strengthening its balance sheet, meeting its debt service obligations and/or achieving cost efficiency.  For example, the MGP could pursue options such as refinancing, restructuring or reorganizing its indebtedness or capital structure or seek to raise additional capital through debt or equity financing to address its liquidity concerns and high debt levels.   
 The MGP also continues to implement various cost saving measures to reduce its capital, operating and general and administrative costs, including renegotiating contracts with contractors, suppliers and service providers, reducing the number of staff and contractors and deferring and eliminating discretionary costs. The MGP will continue to be opportunistic and aggressive in managing its cost structure and, in turn, its liquidity to meet its capital and operating needs. The MGP cannot provide any assurances that any of these efforts will be successful or will result in cost reductions or cash flows or the timing of any such cost reductions or additional cash flows. It is also possible additional adjustments to the MGP s plan and outlook may occur based on market conditions and its needs at that time, which could include selling assets, seeking additional partners to develop its assets, and/or reducing its planned capital program.  In addition, to the extent commodity prices remain low or decline further, or the MGP experiences disruptions in its longer-term access to or cost of capital, the MGP s ability to fund future capital expenditures, growth projects or the Partnership s operations may be further impacted. 

Cash Flows Overview .  
 20 
 
    Cash provided by o  perating activities decreased $587,600   in the   nine   months   ended   September   3  0, 2016   to $  500,800   as compared to $  1,088,4  00   for the   nine   months   ended   September   30,   2015. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net   earnings   before depletion,   accretion   and impairment   of $  600,700  ,   a decrease in the   change in a  n   accounts   receivable trade-affiliate of $334,800     a decrease in   the change in asset retirement receivable-affiliate of $  81,200, and     a     de  crease in the cha  nge in accrued liabilities of $4,800  . The decrease was partially offset by an increase in non-cash   (loss)   gain on   derivative value of $  433,900   for the   nine   months   ended   September   30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months   ended   September   30,   2015.  
 There was no cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Cash provided by investing activities was $3,300 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulting from the proceeds from the sale of miscellaneous tangible equipment. 
 Cash used in financing activities decreased $750,400 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $341,300 from $1,091,700 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was due to a decrease in cash distributions to partners.  
   
 Our MGP may withhold funds for future plugging and abandonment costs. Through September 30, 2016, our MGP has withheld $181,400 of funds for this purpose. Any additional funds, if required, will be obtained from production revenues or borrowings from our MGP or its affiliates, which are not contractually committed to make loans to us. The amount that we may borrow at any one time may not at any time exceed 5% of our total subscriptions, and we will not borrow from third-parties.  
 Critical Accounting Policies  
 See Note 2 to our condensed financial statements for additional information related to recently issued accounting standards. 
 For a more complete discussion of the accounting policies and estimates that we have identified as critical in the preparation of our condensed financial statements, please refer to our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
 21 

ITEM 4.    
 
          C  ONTROLS AND PROCEDURES      

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934 reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our general partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
   
 Under the supervision of our general partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and with the participation of our disclosure committee appointed by such officers, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our general partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There have been no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
   
     PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM  1.   
 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS     

The Partnership is a party to various routine legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of its business. Management believes that none of these actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Partnership s financial condition or results of operations.  
   
 Affiliates of the MGP and their subsidiaries are party to various routine legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. The MGP s management believes that none of these actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the MGP s financial condition or results of operations. 
 22 

ITEM 6.   
 
          E  XHIBITS      

 EXHIBIT INDEX  

23 
 
        S  IGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ATLAS RESOURCES PUBLIC #18-2009 (B) L.P.  

By: Atlas Resources, LLC, its  
 Managing General Partner  

Date: November 21, 2016  

By:  

/s/ FREDDIE M. KOTEK  

Freddie M. Kotek,  
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 of the Managing General Partner 

Date: November 21, 2016  

By:   

/s/JEFFREY M. SLOTTERBACK  

Jeffrey M. Slotterback 
 Chief Financial Officer of the 
 Managing General Partner  

24  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pub18b-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

pub18b-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION  
 I, Freddie M. Kotek, certify that:  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have;     

(a)   
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

By:  

/s/ FREDDIE M. KOTEK  

Name:   

Freddie M. Kotek  

Title:  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

of the Managing General Partner  

Date:  

November 21, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pub18b-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

pub18b-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION  
 I, Jeffrey M. Slotterback, certify that:  

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have;     

(a)   
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 valuated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

By:  

/s/JEFFREY M. SLOTTERBACK  

Name:   

Jeffrey M. Slotterback  

Title:  

Chief Financial Officer of the   

Managing General Partner  

Date:  

November 21, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pub18b-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

pub18b-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Atlas Resources Public #18-2009 (B) L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Freddie M. Kotek, Chief Executive Officer of the Managing General Partner, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and     

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.     

By:  

/s/ FREDDIE M. KOTEK  

Name:   

Freddie M. Kotek  

Title:  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

of the Manager General Partner  

Date:  

November 21, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pub18b-ex322_7.htm
 EX-32.2

pub18b-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Atlas Resources Public #18-2009 (B) L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jeffrey M. Slotterback, Chief Financial Officer of the Managing General Partner, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and     

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.     

By:  

/s/JEFFREY M. SLOTTERBACK  

Name:   

Jeffrey M. Slotterback  

Title:  

Chief Financial Officer of the   

Managing General Partner  

Date:  

November 21, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pub18b-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pub18b-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pub18b-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pub18b-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pub18b-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pub18b-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

