<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1497504_0001104659-16-155851_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2334806</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80038</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>140657</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>558599</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>875421</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>560235</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-155851.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160701
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-155851
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001497504
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				271707962
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36351
		FILM NUMBER:		161984254

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 WALL ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3D
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-269-2834

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 WALL ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3D
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100726

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-155851.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 a16-17160_110q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
       
   FORM 10-Q   
     
   (Mark One)   
     
   x            Quarterly Report PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   For the quarterly period ended    September 30, 2016  
     
   or   
     
   o               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   For the transition period from                          to   
     
   Commission File Number:     001-36351  
     
   DIPEXIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware        

46-4995704            

(State or Other Jurisdiction of    Incorporation or Organization)       

(I.R.S. Employer    Identification No.)              

(212) 269-2834   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
     
   N/A   
  (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    x  Yes  No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x  Yes  No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer   o       

Accelerated filer   o           

Non-accelerated filer   o       

Smaller reporting company   x           

(Do not check if a smaller   reporting company)       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    o  Yes   x  No 
     
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY  
  PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.    o  Yes   o  
     
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  
     
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of  November 9, 2016:  10,401,122   

Table of Contents   
       
   Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
   FORM 10-Q   
   For period ended September 30, 2016   
     
   IND  EX   

PART I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION         

Item   1.        
 
   Condensed   Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)        
 
  3           

Item   2.        
 
   Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        
 
  15           

Item   3.        
 
   Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        
 
  20           

Item   4.        
 
   Controls   and Procedures        
 
  20           

PART II  OTHER INFORMATION         

Item   1.        
 
   Legal   Proceedings        
 
  21           

Item   1A.        
 
   Risk   Factors        
 
  21           

Item   2.        
 
   Unregistered   Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        
 
  21           

Item   3.        
 
   Defaults   Upon Senior Securities        
 
  22           

Item   4.        
 
   Mine   Safety Disclosures        
 
  22           

Item   5.        
 
   Other   Information        
 
  22           

Item   6.        
 
   Exhibits        
 
  22           

SIGNATURES         
 
  23              
     
 2   

Table of Contents   
     
   PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION     
     
   ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     
     
  The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company and are unaudited.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to state fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the changes in shareholders  equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and cash flows for the nine months ended September  30, 2016 and 2015, have been made.  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted.  It is suggested that these condensed consolidated financial statements be read in conjunction with the audited annual financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2015 on Form 10-K, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2016.  The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year.  
     
 3   

Table of Contents   
     
   DIPEXIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
 4   

Table of Contents   
     
   DIPEXIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     
   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
 5   

Table of Contents   
     
   DIPEXIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
 6   

Table of Contents   
     
   DIPEXIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     
   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
     
 7   

Table of Contents   
       
   DIPEXIUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     
     
    NOTE 1   NATURE OF OPERATIONS and SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
     
    Business    
     
  Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ), a Delaware corporation, formerly Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, LLC, is a late stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of Locilex  (pexiganan cream 0.8%).  The Company was formed on January 14, 2010.  On October 25, 2016, the Company announced that its lead and sole product candidate, Locilex, failed to meet the primary clinical endpoint or secondary endpoints in its OneStep-1 and OneStep-2 Phase 3 clinical trials.  The Company s scientific team is continuing to evaluate the data from the OneStep clinical trials and in that process may identify other possible clinical indications for Locilex, but there can be no assurance that the Company will successfully identify a regulatory pathway forward for Locilex.  In addition, there can be no assurance that the Company s research and development will be successfully completed or that the Company s current product candidate, or any future product candidate(s) the Company could acquire, will be approved or commercially viable.  
     
  The Company has experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and expects these conditions to continue for the foreseeable future.  The Company has needed to raise capital from sales of its securities to sustain operations.  In March 2014, the Company completed an initial public offering ( IPO ) of common stock with proceeds, net of issuance costs, of approximately $34.5 million.  In June 2015, the Company completed an additional public offering of common stock with net proceeds of approximately $19.7 million.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and short-term investments totaling approximately $18.8 million.  Based on the Company s projected expenditures for 2016 and 2017, management currently believes that its current cash and short-term investment balances should be sufficient to fund the Company s operations through 2017.  However, if the Company s assumptions underlying its estimated expenses prove to be wrong, it may have to raise additional capital sooner than anticipated.  
     
  The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the biopharmaceutical industry including, but not limited to, dependence on collaborative arrangements, development by the Company or its competitors of new technological innovations, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, development of sales and marketing infrastructure and compliance with Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and other governmental regulations and approval requirements.  
     
    Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Data    
     
  The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited.  These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial information.  Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements.  These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2015.  The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2015, and, in the opinion of management, reflect all the adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to state fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the changes in shareholders  equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The December 31, 2015 balance sheet included herein was derived from the audited financial statements, but may not include all disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  
     
    Basis of Consolidation    
     
  The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the parent, Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Dipexium Pharmaceuticals Ireland, Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
     
    Use of Estimates    
     
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
     
 8   

Table of Contents   
     
    Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Short-Term Investments    
     
  The Company considers all highly-liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  Instruments with maturities greater than three months, but less than twelve months are included in short-term investments.  The Company purchases United States Treasury bills with maturities ranging from six to twelve months which are classified as being held to maturity and are carried at amortized cost.  Securities classified as held to maturity securities are those securities that management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity.  
     
  The Company maintains its cash balance in one financial institution.  The balance is insured up to the maximum allowable by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company ( FDIC ).  The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant risk of loss on cash.  At times, the cash balance may exceed the maximum limit of the FDIC.  
     
    Research and Development    
     
  In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 730,  Accounting for Research and Development Costs , the Company expenses research and development costs when incurred.  At times, the Company may make cash advances for research and development services.  These amounts are capitalized and expensed in the period the service is provided.  The Company incurred net research and development expenses in the amounts of $3,113,919 and $3,457,165 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $10,398,499 and $7,456,829 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, repsectively.  
     
  Although the Company manages the conduct of its clinical trials, it relies on third parties to conduct its clinical and preclinical studies and to provide services, including data management, statistical analysis and electronic compilation for clinical trials, as well as for the manufacture of clinical trial supplies. At the end of each reporting period, the Company compares the payments made to each service provider to the estimated progress towards completion of the related project. Factors that are considered in preparing these estimates include the number of subjects enrolled in studies, milestones achieved and other criteria related to the efforts of the vendors. These estimates are subject to change as additional information becomes available. Depending on the timing of payments to vendors and estimated services provided, the Company records net prepaid or accrued expenses related to these costs.  
     
    Share-Based Compensation    
     
  The Company accounts for the cost of services performed by officers and directors received in exchange for an award of Company membership interests, common stock, or stock options, based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  In accordance with ASC 718,  Stock Compensation , the Company recognizes compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the service period.  
     
    Share-Based Payments to Vendors    
     
  The Company accounts for the cost of services performed by vendors in exchange for an award of common stock of the Company based on the grant-date fair value of the award or fair value of the services rendered, whichever is more readily determinable and adjusted to fair value at each reporting date.  Such fair value is measured as of the earlier of the date the other party becomes committed to provide goods or services or the date performance by the other party is complete.  The Company recognizes the expense in the same period and in the same manner as if the Company had paid cash for the services.  
     
    Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions    
     
  The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars ( USD ), the reporting currency of the Company.  The functional currency for the Company s subsidiary located in Ireland is the USD. Transactions denominated in Euro were translated to USD at rates which approximate those in effect on transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at September 30, 2016 were translated at the exchange rate in effect as of those dates. Nonmonetary assets, liabilities, and shareholders  equity are translated at the appropriate historical rates.  
     
  The Company has intercompany loans between the parent company, Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., based in New York, NY, and its wholly owned subsidiary, Dipexium Pharmaceuticals Ireland, Limited, based in Ireland.  The intercompany loans outstanding are not expected to be repaid in the foreseeable future.  
     
 9   

Table of Contents   
     
    Income Taxes    
     
  The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities and the expected benefits of net operating loss carryforwards. The impact of changes in tax rates and laws on deferred taxes, if any, applied during the years in which temporary differences are expected to be settled, is reflected in the financial statements in the period of enactment. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, if, based on weight of the evidence, it is more likely than not that some, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that such tax rate changes are enacted. The Company had no material amounts recorded for uncertain tax positions, interest or penalties in the accompanying financial statements. The Company currently estimates an annual effective tax rate of 0% as the Company incurred losses for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, for both financial statement and tax purposes.  Therefore, no Federal or state income tax expense has been recorded in the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
     
  Based on the Company s history of generating operating losses and its anticipation of operating losses continuing in the foreseeable future, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits from these net operating losses would not be realized and a full valuation allowance against all deferred tax assets has been recorded at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  In the event the Company becomes profitable for a period of two or more years, with future expectations at that time of profitability for future years prior to any significant change in its equity capitalization, the Company would have an opportunity to realize benefit from the deferred tax asset at such time in the future.  
     
 10   

Table of Contents   
     
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
     
  In August 2016,  the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , in an effort to reduce the diversity of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.   The amendments of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on the financial statements and related disclosures.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718) :  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  in an effort to simplify accounting for certain aspects of income tax accounting and accounting for forfeitures.  The amendments of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on the financial statements and related disclosures.  
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which includes amendments that require lessees to recognize a lease liability for all long-term leases (lease terms more than 12 months) at the commencement date. The lease liability is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis.  The amendments also require lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset for all long-term leases. The right-of-use asset is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset to not recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.  If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  The amendments in this ASU require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.  Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.  The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented.  The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU.  
     
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740),  which requires that all deferred income tax assets and liabilities be presented as noncurrent in the statement of financial position. The pronouncement is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early application permitted.  The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements.  
     
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , which requires management of an entity to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. This update will become effective beginning January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU.  
     
    NOTE 2   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    
     
  The carrying amount of certain of the Company s financial instruments, including cash and accounts payable, is shown at cost, which approximates fair value.  Short-term investments with maturities ranging from six to twelve months are classified as being held to maturity and are carried at amortized cost.  The cost, gross unrealized gains, and the fair value of related securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:  

The Company had total amortized interest income for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $12,648 and $9,050, respectively and $41,469 and $11,319 for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The carrying values of $10,995,395 and $26,977,362 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are equal to the cost of the securities plus the accumulated amortized interest income of $13,032 and $19,148 on the remaining bonds held at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
     
 11   

Table of Contents   
     
    NOTE 3 - ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES    
     
  Accounts payable and accrued expenses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:  

NOTE 4   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION and STOCK OPTIONS    
     
  Prior to the Company s IPO, the Company granted awards of restricted Class A Membership Interests to board members in exchange for services.  These membership interests awards, which were converted to restricted common shares (7:1 ratio) at the time of the corporate conversion in March 2014, were originally scheduled to vest over a period of either three or four years with the first year beginning on the date the member joined the board.  In each case, the restricted common shares involved accelerated vesting upon a change of control or other business combination.  The fair value of the membership interests, at the time they were granted, was equal to the per-membership interest value of the most recent private placement ($50 per membership interest on a pre-conversion basis).  Total compensation expense in the amount of $25,000 has been recognized as director fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $75,000 for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
  The following table summarizes the restricted common stock at September 30, 2016:  

As of September 30, 2016, there was $45,833 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to these awards. That expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.50 years.  
     
  In November 2013, the board of directors adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.  The plan became effective as of the completion of the corporate conversion and the closing of the IPO.  The 2013 Equity Incentive Plan currently reserves 2,141,169 common shares, of which 696,156 are still available for issuance.  The purpose of the plan is to attract and retain directors, officers, and employees whose services are considered valuable to the Company.  
     
  In January 2015, the Company granted stock options to purchase 251,000 common shares to its five employees, outside directors, and certain non-employee consultants.  The options were issued pursuant to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $11.35, with one-half of the options vesting upon issuance and the balance vesting evenly over the subsequent 24 months. A portion of the January stock option grant, 35,000 fully vested options, were granted to non-employees for services rendered.  As such, the Company expensed $353,150, the entire portion of those non-employee grants, at the grant date.  
     
  In January 2016, the Company granted stock options to purchase 287,500 common shares to its employees, outside directors, and certain non-employee consultants.  The options were issued pursuant to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan at an exercise price of $10.16, with one-half of the options vesting upon issuance and the balance vesting evenly over the subsequent 24 months. A portion of the January stock option grant, 27,500 fully vested options, were granted to non-employees for services rendered.  As such, the Company expensed $181,775, the entire portion of those non-employee grants, at the grant date.  
     
  In the third quarter of 2016, the Company granted stock options to purchase 45,226 common shares to an outside director and non-employee consultant.  The options were issued pursuant to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan at respective exercise prices ranging from $11.42 to $12.59, with vesting periods consistent with the services rendered.  
     
  Compensation expense associated with these awards is recognized over the vesting period based on the fair value of the option at the grant date determined based on the Black-Scholes model. Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected price volatility.  The Company s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.  
     
 12   

Table of Contents   
     
  Because there is no public market for the Company s stock options and very little historical experience with the Company s stock, similar public companies were used for comparison and expectations as to the price volatility assumptions required for fair value computation using the Black-Scholes methodology.  
     
  The Company determined the fair value of the option awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following weighted average assumptions for options issued during the respective periods:  

ASC 718 requires stock compensation expense to be recorded net of estimated forfeitures.  The Company currently estimates there will be no forfeitures of options.  
     
  A summary of the Company s stock option activity is as follows:  

Compensation expense relating to options for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $601,302 and $519,066, respectively, and $2,520,833 and $2,656,842 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The total compensation expense not yet recognized as of September 30, 2016 was $1,617,267.  The weighted average vesting period over which the total compensation expense will be recorded related to unvested options not yet recognized as of September 30, 2016 was approximately 1.0 years. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the nine month period was $5.02 and $7.61 as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The intrinsic value of the stock options was $2,688,540 and $751,465 as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with a remaining weighted average contractual life of 5.49 years.  Total options excercisable at September 30, 2016 were 1,138,239.  
     
    NOTE 5   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TO VENDORS    
     
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company may issue restricted stock for services rendered by a vendor.  The vesting of restricted stock and the associated expense for the services rendered are recorded over the term of the related contract.  Research and development expenses resulting from vendor equity issuances for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $286,482 and $227,150, respectively, and $629,215 and $385,647 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively  
     
    NOTE 6  LEASE OF OFFICE SPACE    
     
  In January 2016, the Company entered into a lease for office space commencing in March 2016.  The term of the lease is for five years and five months with total minimum lease payments of approximately $1.28 million.  The future minimum lease payments under this lease are as follows:  

13   

Table of Contents   
     
    NOTE 7   LEGAL MATTERS    
     
  The Company and its two original executives were three of some 30 defendants in a lawsuit filed by a former stockholder of Genaera Corporation, which was the predecessor of the Genaera Liquidating Trust, the party from which the Company purchased the worldwide rights to pexiganan, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of the Locilex    , on April 8, 2010. The complaint was filed on June 8, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (Civil Action No. 12-3265) by Alan W. Schmidt, individually and on behalf of former Genaera Corporation shareholders. Among others, the suit was filed against the Company, as well as John A. Skolas and Argyce, LLC, who were responsible for the administration of the Trust and who sold pexiganan to the Company via a public auction. The defendants listed in the complaint included several individuals and companies formerly associated with Genaera Corporation, the Trust and/or Argyce, LLC. Also included in the defendant group were several other pharmaceutical companies that were involved in acquiring the former drug-related assets of Genaera Corporation. 
     
  The complaint alleged, among other things, that the Company and its two executives aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty alleged to have been committed by the former directors and officers of Genaera Corporation before it was approved for dissolution by its shareholders and also Argyce, LLC, the trustee of the Liquidating Trust. Plaintiff claims that the Company, and its executives, aided and abetted a breach of the duties of the board of directors and the trustee under common law and under a certain trust agreement allegedly signed between Argyce, LLC, as the trustee, and the Liquidating Trust. With regard to the claims made against the Company and its two executives, the plaintiff alleged, in pertinent part, that the Company s acquisition of the pexiganan rights was for alleged inadequate consideration, and that the Company and its management aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty by the Genaera Corporation defendants who were formerly associated with Genaera Corporation and/or the Trust.  
     
  The Company and its two executives filed a motion to dismiss the complaint within the prescribed time period. All of the other defendants in this litigation also filed motions to dismiss, and a court order by the Federal District Court granted each and every motion to dismiss, with prejudice, without leave to refile, on August 12, 2013 based on the argument that plaintiff s claims were time barred. A subsequent motion to reconsider such dismissal was denied by the Federal District Court.  Plaintiff appealed the dismissal to the United States Third Circuit Court of Appeals seeking reversal of the dismissal and the Third Circuit Court granted plaintiff s appeal.  On October 17, 2014, the Third Circuit Appellate Court, in a 2-1 decision with a strong dissenting opinion, reversed the trial court s dismissal of Plaintiff s claims based on the expiration of the applicable statutes of limitation. In a 2-1 decision, the Third Circuit held that more information was necessary to determine when plaintiff should have been on notice of his claims to determine the applicability of the discovery rule, which could serve to extend the time frame in which plaintiff could bring his claims. Due to the strong dissent, all Defendants filed the necessary documents requesting a petition for rehearing en banc, by the majority of the Third Circuit justices who are in active service. The Third Circuit denied the request for en banc hearing and remanded this case to District Court.  
     
  Upon remand to the Federal District Court,  all Defendants moved to dismiss the complaint for reasons other than being time barred.  The Company and its two executives moved for dismissal based on plaintiff s inability to make a case for aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty because there was no underlying breach and such an aiding and abetting claim requires an element of knowing participation in the fiduciary breach which cannot be established by plaintiff. 
     
  The District Court held a hearing on this in September 2015 and the District Court delivered an Order on November 10, 2015 pursuant to which the District Court granted the Motion to Dismiss filed by each and every defendant including the Company and its two executives.  In December 2015, plaintiff appealed the Federal District Court s decision to the Third Circuit Appellate Court and the Company anticipates a decision on whether to grant plaintiff s appeal by the Third Circuit Appellate Court in the fourth quarter of 2016.  The Company will continue to vigorously defend against plaintiff s claims on the factual record, which it believes will prove that neither the Company nor its executives is liable to the plaintiff in any regard.  
     
    NOTE 8   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    
     
  The Company engaged the consulting services of Drug Development Advisors ( DDA ) pursuant to which DDA performed detailed analysis on a number of the Company s preclinical studies in connection with the NDA process.  DDA is owned and operated by a member of the Company s board of directors.  The Company incurred expenses for services provided by DDA in the amounts of $6,938 and $5,250 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $14,166 and $19,487 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, all of which were recorded in research and development expenses.  
     
    NOTE 9   NET LOSS PER SHARE    
     
  Basic and diluted net loss per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was determined by dividing net loss by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period.  The Company s potentially dilutive shares, which include 1,445,013 stock options, 37,233 unvested common shares, and 16,100 warrants, have not been included in the computation of diluted net loss per share for all periods as the result would be antidilutive.  
     
 14   

Table of Contents   
     
   ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
     
   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT NOTICE   
     
  This Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  For this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-Q that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.  Without limiting the foregoing, words such as  may,   will,   expect,   believe,   anticipate,   estimate  or  continue  or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control.  These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions generally and in the industries in which we may participate; competition within our chosen industry, including competition from much larger competitors; technological advances and failure to successfully develop business relationships.  Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used in this report, the terms  Dipexium,   we,   us,   our,   our company  and  our business  refer, prior to the corporate conversion discussed herein, to Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, LLC, and after the corporate conversion to Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     
   Description of Business   
     
  Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, LLC  ( Dipexium LLC ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in January 2010. In March 2014, we effected a corporate conversion pursuant to which we succeeded to the business of Dipexium LLC and the holders of membership interests of Dipexium LLC became our stockholders.  On October 25, 2016, we announced that our lead and sole product candidate, Locilex, failed to meet the primary clinical endpoint or secondary endpoints in its OneStep-1 and OneStep-2 Phase 3 clinical trials.  Our scientific team is continuing to evaluate the data from the OneStep clinical trials and in that process may identify other possible clinical indications for Locilex, but there can be no assurance that we will successfully identify a regulatory pathway forward for Locilex.  In addition, there can be no assurance that our research and development will be successfully completed or that our current product candidate, or any future product candidate(s) the Company could acquire, will be approved or commercially viable. 
     
   Plan of Operation   
     
  Our primary objective is to identify an appropriate regulatory pathway for Locilex in light of the recent failure to meet the endpoints in the OneStep clinical studies.  Review and analysis of all relevant data from the OneStep clinical trials is ongoing by our scientific team.  Upon completion of a full review of the comprehensive data, we hope to either identify and develop a regulatory pathway forward within a subset of diabetic foot infection or, alternatively, identify a different clinical indication within which the data may support further development.  We will rely on our strong management team, board of directors and scientific advisors to execute our strategy.  
     
   Opportunities, Challenges and Risks   
     
  Our business and ability to execute our business strategy are subject to a number of risks and challenges including, without limitation, the following:  
     
      We are heavily dependent on attaining regulatory approval for and, if approved, successfully commercializing Locilex  . Locilex  is our only product candidate. As such, all of our resources and efforts have been and are expected for the foreseeable future to be dedicated to the development and commercialization of Locilex  which recently failed to meet the primary and secondary endpoints in our OneStep-1 and OneStep-2 clinical trials.  If our efforts fail to develop an appropriate regulatory strategy for Locilex, this will have a negative and substantial impact on the Company s viability unless we are able to develop or acquire other product candidates. 
     
      The regulatory pathway for Locilex, if any, has yet to be identified.   Review of the comprehensive data from the OneStep clinical trials is ongoing.  The Company has no clear clinical or regulatory pathway forward for Locilex , the sole product of the Company, and no assurance can be given that an appropriate clinical and regulatory pathway exists.  This process is inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to identify an appropriate regulatory pathway forward for Locilex , our business will be substantially harmed. 
     
      Manufacturing issues may prevent Locilex  from receiving regulatory approval.   Although we believe that we have successfully resolved the manufacturing issues encountered by Locilex  s prior sponsor and previously identified by the FDA, to the extent that such issues are not resolved or to the extent new issues arise, regulatory approval for Locilex  may be delayed or withheld, and we may not be able to meet the developmental milestones necessary to continue our business. 
     
 15   

Table of Contents   
     
   Results of Operations   
     
   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
     
   Summary Table   
     
  The following table presents a summary of the changes in our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015:  

Research and Development Expenses   
     
  Research and development expenses were $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $0.4 million. The decrease was due to $0.5 million of decreased manufacturing costs due to the timing of manufacturing scale-up activities in the prior year, offset by $0.1 million increase in clinical trial related expenses.  
     
   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   
     
  Selling, general and administrative expenses were $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
     
   Net Loss   
     
  Net loss was $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $0.4 million, primarily due to a decrease in research and development expenses due to the reasons stated above.  
     
 16   

Table of Contents   
     
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   
     
   Summary Table   
     
  The following table presents a summary of the changes in our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015:  

Research and Development Expenses   
     
  Research and development expenses were $10.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $2.9 million. The increase in research and development expenses were due primarily to increased Phase 3 clinical trial enrollment and related clinical trial expenses.  
     
   Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   
     
  Selling, general and administrative expenses were $5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $5.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $0.3 million. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to a $0.1 million decrease in stock-based non-cash compensation related expenses and a $0.2 million decrease in marketing related costs.  
     
   Net Loss   
     
  Net loss was $15.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $2.7 million, primarily due to a $2.9 million increase in research and development expenses partially offset by a $0.2 million decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses due to the reasons stated above.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
    Overview    
     
  We have generated no revenue from operations and we have incurred cumulative losses of approximately $56.9 million since inception. We have funded our operations primarily from equity issuances.  On March 18, 2014, we closed an initial public offering of 3,162,500 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $12.00 per share. Gross proceeds raised by us in the offering were approximately $38.0 million, and net proceeds to us were approximately $34.5 million.  
     
  On June 30, 2015, we completed a stock offering issuing 1,702,000 shares of common stock at a price of $12.50 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of $21.3 million and net proceeds of $19.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts of $1.3 million and offering costs of approximately $0.3 million.  
     
  We believe that we have sufficient cash and short-term investments to fund our operations through 2017.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, we had working capital of approximately $18.1 million, consisting primarily of $18.8 million of cash and short-term investments, offset by $0.9 million of accounts payable and accrued expenses.  
     
 17   

Table of Contents   
     
  The following tables sets forth selected cash flow information for the periods indicated:  

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities   
     
  Net cash used in operating activities was $13.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The net loss for this period was greater than the net cash used in operating activities by $2.4 million, which was primarily attributable to $3.2 million of share-based compensation offset by a $0.7 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses.  
     
  Net cash used in operating activities was $10.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net loss for this period was greater than the net cash used in operating activities by $2.6 million, which was primarily attributable to $3.1 million of share-based compensation offset by a $0.5 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses.  
     
   Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities   
     
  Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $16.0 million, which was attributable to the Company s net investments and maturities of United States Treasury Bills.  
     
  Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $26.9 million, which was attributable to the Company s net investments and maturities of United States Treasury Bills.  
     
   Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities   
     
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $19.7 million, which was attributable to the net proceeds from the Company s June 2015 public offering.  
     
    Contractual Obligations    
     
  In January 2016, the Company entered into a lease for office space commencing in March 2016.  The term of the lease is for five years and five months with total minimum lease payments of approximately $1.28 million.  
     
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
     
  In August 2016,  the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , in an effort to reduce the diversity of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.   The amendments of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on the financial statements and related disclosures.  
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718) :  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  in an effort to simplify accounting for certain aspects of income tax accounting and accounting for forfeitures.  The amendments of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on the financial statements and related disclosures.  
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which includes amendments that require lessees to recognize a lease liability for all long-term leases (lease terms more than 12 months), at the commencement date. The lease liability is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis.  The amendments also require lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset for all long-term leases. The right-of-use asset is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset to not recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.  If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  The amendments in this ASU require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures.   The amendments in this ASU are effective for  
     
 18   

Table of Contents   
     
  fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.  Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases), must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.  The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented.  The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU.  
     
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740),  which requires that all deferred income tax assets and liabilities be presented as noncurrent in the statement of financial position. The pronouncement is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early application permitted.  The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements.  
     
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements        Going Concern , which requires management of an entity to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. This update will become effective beginning January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU. 
     
    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates    
     
  On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an  emerging growth company,  we may, under Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933 (or Securities Act), delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until such standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We may take advantage of this extended transition period until the first to occur of the date that we (i) are no longer an  emerging growth company  or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of this extended transition period. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an  emerging growth company  or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Securities Act Section 7(a)(2)(B), upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date on which adoption is required for non-emerging growth companies and the date on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments, including those described below. We base our estimates on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results and experiences may differ materially from these estimates.  
     
    Share-Based Compensation    
     
  We account for the cost of services performed by employees and directors received in exchange for common stock, or stock options, based upon the grant date fair value of the award. In accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification, we recognize compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  
     
  We account for the cost of services performed by vendors in exchange for an award of membership interests or common stock based upon the grant date fair value of the award or fair value of the services rendered, whichever is more readily determinable. In accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification, we recognize the expense in the same period and in the same manner as if we had paid cash for the services.  
     
    Research and Development Expenses    
     
  Although we manage the conduct of our own clinical trials, we rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and to provide services, including data management, statistical analysis and electronic compilation for our clinical trials, as well as for the manufacture of our clinical trial supplies. At the end of each reporting period, we compare the payments made to each service provider to the estimated progress towards completion of the related project. Factors that are considered in preparing these estimates include the number of subjects enrolled in studies, milestones achieved and other criteria related to the efforts of our vendors. These estimates are subject to change as additional information becomes available. Depending on the timing of payments to vendors and estimated services provided, we record net prepaid or accrued expenses related to these costs.  
     
 19   

Table of Contents   
     
    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
     
  We did not have, during the periods presented, and we are currently not party to, any off-balance sheet arrangements.  
     
    Seasonality    
     
  We do not have a seasonal business cycle. Our operating results are generally derived evenly throughout the calendar year.  
     
   ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.     
     
  Not required by smaller reporting companies.  
     
   ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.     
     
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer, and principal financial and accounting officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  ). Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive, and principal financial and accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon our evaluation, our principal executive officer, and principal financial and accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2016, in ensuring that material information that we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 
     
   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.    There were no changes in our system of internal controls over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
     
 20   

Table of Contents   
       
   PART II   OTHER INFORMATION     
     
   ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS     
     
  From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.  
     
  The Company and its two original executives were three of some 30 defendants in a lawsuit filed by a former stockholder of Genaera Corporation, which was the predecessor of the Genaera Liquidating Trust, the party from which the Company purchased the worldwide rights to pexiganan, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of the Locilex     on April 8, 2010. The complaint was filed on June 8, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (Civil Action No. 12-3265) by Alan W. Schmidt, individually and on behalf of former Genaera Corporation shareholders. Among others, the suit was filed against the Company, as well as John A. Skolas and Argyce, LLC, who were responsible for the administration of the Trust and who sold pexiganan to the Company via a public auction. The defendants listed in the complaint included several individuals and companies formerly associated with Genaera Corporation, the Trust and/or Argyce, LLC. Also included in the defendant group were several other pharmaceutical companies that were involved in acquiring the former drug-related assets of Genaera Corporation. 
     
  The complaint alleged, among other things, that the Company and its two executives aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty alleged to have been committed by the former directors and officers of Genaera Corporation before it was approved for dissolution by its shareholders and also Argyce, LLC, the trustee of the Liquidating Trust. Plaintiff claims that the Company, and its executives, aided and abetted a breach of the duties of the board of directors and the trustee under common law and under a certain trust agreement allegedly signed between Argyce, LLC, as the trustee, and the Liquidating Trust. With regard to the claims made against the Company and its two executives, the plaintiff alleged, in pertinent part, that the Company s acquisition of the pexiganan rights was for alleged inadequate consideration, and that the Company and its management aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty by the Genaera Corporation defendants who were formerly associated with Genaera Corporation and/or the Trust.  
     
  The Company and its two executives filed a motion to dismiss the complaint within the prescribed time period. All of the other defendants in this litigation also filed motions to dismiss, and a court order by the Federal District Court granted each and every motion to dismiss, with prejudice, without leave to refile, on August 12, 2013 based on the argument that plaintiff s claims were time barred. A subsequent motion to reconsider such dismissal was denied by the Federal District Court.  Plaintiff appealed the dismissal to the United States Third Circuit Court of Appeals seeking reversal of the dismissal and the Third Circuit Court granted plaintiff s appeal.  On October 17, 2014, the Third Circuit Appellate Court, in a 2-1 decision with a strong dissenting opinion, reversed the trial court s dismissal of plaintiff s claims based on the expiration of the applicable statutes of limitation. In a 2-1 decision, the Third Circuit held that more information was necessary to determine when plaintiff should have been on notice of his claims to determine the applicability of the discovery rule, which could serve to extend the time frame in which plaintiff could bring his claims. Due to the strong dissent, all Defendants filed the necessary documents requesting a petition for rehearing en banc, by the majority of the Third Circuit justices who are in active service. The Third Circuit denied the request for en banc hearing and remanded this case to District Court.  
     
  Upon remand to the Federal District Court,  all Defendants moved to dismiss the complaint for reasons other than being time barred.  The Company and its two executives moved for dismissal based on plaintiff s inability to make a case for aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty because there was no underlying breach and such an aiding and abetting claim requires an element of knowing participation in the fiduciary breach which cannot be established by plaintiff. 
     
  The District Court held a hearing on this in September 2015 and the District Court delivered an Order on November 10, 2015 pursuant to which the District Court granted the Motion to Dismiss filed by each and every defendant including the Company and its two executives.  In December 2015, plaintiff appealed the Federal District Court s decision to the Third Circuit Appellate Court and we anticipate a decision on whether to grant plaintiff s appeal by the Third Circuit Appellate Court in the fourth quarter of 2016.  The Company will continue to vigorously defend plaintiff s claims on the factual record, which it believes will prove that neither the Company nor its executives is liable to the plaintiff in any regard.  
     
   ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS     
     
  Not Applicable to a smaller reporting company.  
     
   ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.     
     
  None  
     
 21   

Table of Contents   
     
   ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.     
     
  None  
     
   ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES     
     
  Not Applicable.  
     
   ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.     
     
  None  
     
   ITEM 6. EXHIBITS     
     
  Copies of the following documents are included as exhibits to this report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.  

Exhibit    No.        

Title of Document        

Location            

31.1       

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       

Attached           

31.2       

Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       

Attached           

32.1       

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to   U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the   Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*       

Attached           

32.2       

Certification of the Principal Financial and   Accounting Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted   pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*       

Attached           

101.INS       

X XBRL Instance Document       

Attached           

101.SCH       

X XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document       

Attached           

101.CAL       

X XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document       

Attached           

101.DEF       

X XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document       

Attached           

101.LAB       

X XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document       

Attached           

101.PRE       

X XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document       

Attached              

* The Exhibit attached to this Form 10-Q shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) or otherwise subject to liability under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.  
     
 22   

Table of Contents   
     
   SIGNATURES     
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

DIPEXIUM   PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.            

Date: November 9, 2016       

By:       
 
   /s/ David   P. Luci            

David P. Luci           

President and Chief Executive     Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and     Principal Executive Officer)           

By:       
 
   /s/ Robert   G. Shawah            

Robert G. Shawah           

Chief Accounting Officer and   Treasurer     (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal     Financial and Accounting Officer)              
     
 23   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a16-17160_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
   THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, David P. Luci, certify that:  
     
  1.                                                                                         I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
     
  2.                                                                                         Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                                                                                         Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 
     
  4.                                                                                         The registrant s other certifying officer (s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     
  a)                                                                Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  b)                                                                Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
     
  c)                                                                 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  d)                                                                Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                                                                                         The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  a)                                                                All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  b)                                                                Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            

By:       
 
  /s/  David P. Luci        

David P. Luci       

President and Chief   Executive Officer     (Principal Executive Officer)       

November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a16-17160_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
   THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Robert G. Shawah, certify that:  
     
  1.                                                                                         I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
     
  2.                                                                                         Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                                                                                         Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 
     
  4.                                                                                         The registrant s other certifying officer (s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
     
  a)                                                                Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  b)                                                                Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
     
  c)                                                                 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  d)                                                                Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                                                                                         The registrant s other certifying officer (s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  a)                                                                All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  b)                                                                Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dipexium Pharmaceutical, Inc.            

By:       
 
  /s/  Robert G. Shawah        

Robert G. Shawah       

Chief Accounting Officer and   Treasurer     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)       

November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a16-17160_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David P. Luci, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  1.                                                                                         The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
     
  2.                                                                                         The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            

By:       
 
  /s/  David P. Luci        

David P. Luci       

President and Chief Executive   Officer       

(Principal Executive Officer)       

November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a16-17160_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert G. Shawah, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  1.                                                                                         The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
     
  2.                                                                                         The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            

By:       
 
  /s/  Robert G. Shawah        

Robert G. Shawah       

Chief Accounting Officer and   Treasurer       

(Principal Financial and   Accounting Officer)       

November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 dprx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dprx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 dprx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dprx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dprx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dprx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

