<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_36104_0001193125-16-759887_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19786357</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>272976</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1074605</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5171295</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8951793</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3568961</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>187</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-759887.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104130410
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-759887
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			US BANCORP \DE\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000036104
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				410255900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06880
		FILM NUMBER:		161974474

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		U.S. BANCORP
		STREET 2:		800 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55402-7020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		651-466-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		U.S. BANCORP
		STREET 2:		800 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55402-7020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST BANK SYSTEM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST BANK STOCK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-759887.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d231217d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       Form 10-Q
      
    For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
    For the transition period from (not applicable)   
  Commission file number 1-6880   
  U.S. BANCORP     (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)      

Delaware  
   
  41-0255900   
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)   
    800 Nicollet Mall   
  Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402   
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  
  651-466-3000   
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
  (not applicable)     (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)       
      Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    YES        NO    
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
   YES        NO      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer     
    
 Accelerated filer      
 
   Non-accelerated filer     
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
    
 Smaller reporting company      
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    YES        NO    
   Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

Table of Contents  

     Table of Contents and Form 10-Q Cross Reference Index   

Part I   Financial Information   

1) Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 (Item 2)   

3 

a) Overview   

3 

b) Statement of Income Analysis   

4 

c) Balance Sheet Analysis   

6 

d) Non-GAAP Financial Measures   

33 

e) Critical Accounting Policies   

35 

f) Controls and Procedures (Item 4)   

35 

2) Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk/Corporate Risk Profile (Item 3)

9 

a) Overview   

9 

b) Credit Risk Management   

10 

c) Residual Value Risk Management   

23 

d) Operational Risk Management   

23 

e) Compliance Risk Management   

23 

f) Interest Rate Risk Management   

23 

g) Market Risk Management   

24 

h) Liquidity Risk Management   

25 

i) Capital Management   

27 

3) Line of Business Financial Review   

28 

4) Financial Statements (Item 1)   

36 

Part II   Other Information   

1) Legal Proceedings (Item 1)   

81 

2) Risk Factors (Item 1A)   

81 

3) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
(Item 2)   

81 

4) Exhibits (Item 6)   

81 

5) Signature   

82 

6) Exhibits   

83 
     
     Safe Harbor  Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.   
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about U.S. Bancorp. Statements that are not historical or current facts,
including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements and are based on the information available to, and assumptions and estimates made by, management as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements cover, among
other things, anticipated future revenue and expenses and the future plans and prospects of U.S. Bancorp. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated. A reversal or slowing of the current economic recovery or another severe contraction could adversely affect U.S. Bancorp s revenues and the values of its assets and liabilities. Global financial markets could experience a
recurrence of significant turbulence, which could reduce the availability of funding to certain financial institutions and lead to a tightening of credit, a reduction of business activity, and increased market volatility. Stress in the commercial
real estate markets, as well as a downturn in the residential real estate markets could cause credit losses and deterioration in asset values. In addition, U.S. Bancorp s business and financial performance is likely to be negatively impacted by
recently enacted and future legislation and regulation. U.S. Bancorp s results could also be adversely affected by deterioration in general business and economic conditions (which could result, in part, from the United Kingdom s withdrawal
from the European Union); changes in interest rates; deterioration in the credit quality of its loan portfolios or in the value of the collateral securing those loans; deterioration in the value of securities held in its investment securities
portfolio; legal and regulatory developments; litigation; increased competition from both banks and non-banks; changes in customer behavior and preferences; breaches in data security; effects of mergers and acquisitions and related integration;
effects of critical accounting policies and judgments; and management s ability to effectively manage credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and reputational risk.  
 For discussion of these and other risks that may cause actual results to differ from expectations, refer to U.S. Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015, on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the sections entitled  Risk Factors  and  Corporate Risk Profile  contained in Exhibit 13, and all subsequent filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including the  Risk Factors  section of U.S. Bancorp s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. However, factors other than these also could adversely affect U.S. Bancorp s results, and the reader should not consider these factors to be a complete
set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and U.S. Bancorp undertakes no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events.  

U.S. Bancorp 
    
  1    

Table of Contents  

Table 1     
 Selected Financial Data        

*  
  Not meaningful     

(a)  
  Utilizes a tax rate of 35 percent for those assets and liabilities whose income or expense is not included for federal income tax purposes.     

(b)  
  Computed as noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis and noninterest income excluding net securities gains (losses).     

(c)  
  Excludes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investment securities and any premiums or discounts recorded related to the transfer of investment securities at fair value from available-for-sale to
held-to-maturity.     

(d)  
  See Non-GAAP Financial Measures beginning on page 33.     

2  
    
 U.S. Bancorp   

Table of Contents  

    Management s Discussion and Analysis  
        OVERVIEW   
   Earnings Summary    U.S. Bancorp and its
subsidiaries (the  Company ) reported net income attributable to U.S. Bancorp of $1.5 billion for the third quarter of 2016, or $0.84 per diluted common share, compared with $1.5 billion, or $0.81 per diluted common share, for the third
quarter of 2015. Return on average assets and return on average common equity were 1.36 percent and 13.5 percent, respectively, for the third quarter of 2016, compared with 1.44 percent and 14.1 percent, respectively, for the third quarter of 2015.
    Total net revenue for the third quarter of 2016 was $241 million (4.7 percent) higher than the third quarter of 2015, reflecting a
4.5 percent increase in net interest income (4.3 percent increase on a taxable-equivalent basis) and a 5.1 percent increase in noninterest income. The increase in net interest income from the third quarter of 2015 was mainly a result of loan growth.
The noninterest income increase was primarily driven by higher mortgage banking revenue, trust and investment management fees, and credit and debit card revenue.  
 Noninterest expense in the third quarter of 2016 was $156 million (5.6 percent) higher than the third quarter of 2015, the result of increased
compensation expense due to merit increases and higher variable compensation expense along with hiring to support business growth and compliance programs, increased technology and communications expense reflecting capital investments, and higher
other noninterest expense, which includes a special Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) surcharge that began in the third quarter of 2016.  
 The provision for credit losses for the third quarter of 2016 of $325 million was $43 million (15.2 percent) higher than the third quarter of
2015. Net charge-offs in the third quarter of 2016 were $315 million, compared with $292 million in the third quarter of 2015. Refer to  Corporate Risk Profile  for further information on the provision for credit losses, net charge-offs,
nonperforming assets and other factors considered by the Company in assessing the credit quality of the loan portfolio and establishing the allowance for credit losses.  
 Net income attributable to U.S. Bancorp for the first nine months of 2016 was $4.4 billion, or $2.43 per diluted common share, compared with
$4.4 billion, or $2.36 per diluted common share, for the first nine months of 2015. Return on average assets and return on average common equity were 1.37 percent and 13.4 percent, respectively, for the first nine months of 2016, compared with
1.45 percent and 14.1 percent, respectively, for the first nine months of 2015. The results for the first nine months of 2016 included $180 million of equity investment income, primarily the result of the Company s membership in Visa
Europe Limited ( Visa Europe ) which was sold to Visa, Inc. in the second quarter of 2016, along with a $110 million increase in reserves related to legal and regulatory matters and a $40 million charitable contribution, also recorded in
the second quarter of 2016.    Total net revenue for the first nine months of 2016 was $778 million (5.2 percent) higher than the first nine
months of 2015, reflecting a 4.8 percent increase in net interest income (4.6 percent increase on a taxable-equivalent basis) and a 5.8 percent increase in noninterest income. The increase in net interest income from a year ago was mainly the result
of loan growth. The increase in noninterest income was primarily driven by the impact of the Visa Europe sale, along with growth in credit and debit card revenue, trust and investment management fees, mortgage banking revenue and merchant processing
services revenue.    Noninterest expense in the first nine months of 2016 was $550 million (6.8 percent) higher than the first nine months
of 2015, the result of increased compensation expense due to merit increases and higher variable compensation expense along with hiring to support business growth and compliance programs, higher marketing expense as a result of a charitable
contribution and brand advertising, increased technology and communications expense reflecting capital investments, and higher other noninterest expense, which includes the special FDIC surcharge and the second quarter 2016 increase in reserves
related to legal and regulatory matters.    The provision for credit losses for the first nine months of 2016 of $982 million was $155
million (18.7 percent) higher than the first nine months of 2015. Net charge-offs in the first nine months of 2016 were $947 million, compared with $867 million in the first nine months of 2015. Refer to  Corporate Risk Profile  for
further information on the provision for credit losses, net charge-offs, nonperforming assets and other factors considered by the Company in assessing the credit quality of the loan portfolio and establishing the allowance for credit losses.  

U.S. Bancorp 
   
  3    

Table of Contents  

     STATEMENT OF INCOME ANALYSIS   
   Net Interest Income    Net interest
income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, was $2.9 billion in the third quarter and $8.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016, representing increases of $122 million (4.3 percent) and $384 million (4.6 percent), respectively, over the same periods
of 2015. The increases were driven by loan growth and higher interest rates, partially offset by the loan portfolio mix and lower yields in the investment portfolio. Average earning assets were $24.5 billion (6.6 percent) higher in the third quarter
and $20.3 billion (5.5 percent) higher in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, driven by increases in loans and in investment securities. The net interest margin, on a taxable-equivalent basis, in the third quarter
and first nine months of 2016 was 2.98 percent and 3.02 percent, respectively, compared with 3.04 percent and 3.05 percent in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively. The decreases in the net interest margin from the same
periods of the prior year were principally due to increased funding costs, higher average cash balances, securities purchases at lower average rates and lower reinvestment rates on maturing securities, partially offset by higher rates on new loans.
Refer to the  Consolidated Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates  tables for further information on net interest income.   
 Average investment securities in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 were $4.2 billion (4.0 percent) and $4.7 billion (4.6
percent) higher, respectively, than the same periods of 2015, primarily due to purchases of U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency-backed securities, net of prepayments and maturities, to support regulatory liquidity coverage ratio requirements.
   Average total loans in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 were $19.1 billion (7.6 percent) and $17.8 billion (7.2 percent)
higher, respectively, than the same periods of 2015, due to growth in commercial loans, residential mortgages, other retail loans, credit card loans and commercial real estate loans. The increases were driven by higher demand for loans from new and
existing customers. In addition, at the end of the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company acquired a credit card portfolio which increased average credit card loans by approximately $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion for the third quarter and first nine
months of 2016, respectively. These increases were partially offset by a decline in loans acquired in FDIC assisted transactions that are covered by loss sharing agreements with the FDIC ( covered  loans), a run-off portfolio.  
 Average total deposits for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 were $28.9 billion (10.0 percent) and $22.6 billion (8.0
percent) higher, respectively, than the same periods of 2015. Average noninterest-bearing deposits for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 increased $1.1 billion (1.3 percent) and $2.3 billion (3.0 percent),
respectively, over the same periods of the prior year, mainly in Consumer and Small Business Banking, partially offset by declines in balances in Wealth Management and Securities Services. In addition, the increase in average noninterest-bearing
deposits for the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same period of the prior year, was due to higher Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate balances. Average total savings deposits for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
were $29.4 billion (16.8 percent) and $23.4 billion (13.7 percent) higher, respectively, over the same periods of the prior year, the result of growth across all business lines. Average time deposits for the third quarter and first
nine months of 2016 were $1.6 billion (4.7 percent) and $3.1 billion (8.4 percent) lower, respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. The decreases were primarily due to lower Consumer and Small Business Banking balances driven by
maturities, as well as declines related to those deposits managed as an alternative to other funding sources such as wholesale borrowing, based largely on relative pricing and liquidity characteristics.  
   Provision for Credit Losses    The
provision for credit losses for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 increased $43 million (15.2 percent) and $155 million (18.7 percent), respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. The provision for credit losses was higher
than net charge-offs by $10 million and $35 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. This compares with the provision for credit losses being lower than net charge-offs by $10 million and $40 million in the
third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively. The increase in the allowance for credit losses during the third quarter of 2016 was driven by loan portfolio growth, partially offset by improvements in residential mortgage and home equity
loans and lines. The increase in the allowance for credit losses during the first nine months of 2016 reflected loan portfolio growth and an increase in energy portfolio credit reserves, partially offset by improvements in residential mortgage and
home equity loans and lines. Net charge-offs increased $23 million (7.9 percent) and $80 million (9.2 percent) in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, compared with the same periods of the prior year, primarily due to
higher commercial loan net charge-offs and lower commercial   

4  
   
 U.S. Bancorp   

Table of Contents  

Table 2     
       Noninterest Income        

*  
  Not meaningful.           real estate
loan recoveries, partially offset by lower charge-offs related to residential mortgages and home equity loans. Refer to  Corporate Risk Profile  for further information on the provision for credit losses, net charge-offs, nonperforming
assets and other factors considered by the Company in assessing the credit quality of the loan portfolio and establishing the allowance for credit losses.  
   Noninterest Income    Noninterest
income was $2.4 billion in the third quarter and $7.1 billion in the first nine months of 2016, representing increases of $119 million (5.1 percent) and $394 million (5.8 percent), respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. The increases
from a year ago were primarily due to higher mortgage banking revenue, trust and investment management fees, credit and debit card revenue and merchant processing services revenue. Mortgage banking revenue increased, driven by higher origination and
sales volume in part due to refinancing activities in the marketplace. Trust and investment management fees increased, reflecting lower money market fee waivers, along with account growth, an increase in assets under management and improved market
conditions. Credit and debit card revenue increased, reflecting higher transaction volumes including acquired portfolios. Merchant processing services revenue increased 3.0 percent in the third quarter and 2.9 percent in the first nine months
of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, as a result of an increase in product fees and higher volumes. Adjusted for the impact of foreign currency rate changes, the increases would have been approximately 5.3 percent and 4.9 percent,
respectively. Commercial products revenue decreased in the third quarter of 2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015, primarily driven by a large syndication transaction in the prior year. Other revenue was lower in the third quarter of 2016,
compared with the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to lower equity investment income, partially offset by a third quarter 2015 student loan market valuation adjustment. Other revenue was higher in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the
same period of the prior year, reflecting the second quarter 2016 Visa Europe sale and the impact of the 2015 student loan market valuation adjustment, partially offset by lower equity investment income.   
   Noninterest Expense    Noninterest
expense was $2.9 billion in the third quarter and $8.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016, representing increases of $156 million (5.6 percent) and $550 million (6.8 percent), respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. The increases
from a year ago were primarily due to higher compensation expense, technology and communications expense, professional services expense and other noninterest expense, partially offset by lower employee benefits expense. Compensation expense
increased principally due to the impact of hiring decisions to support business growth and compliance programs, merit increases, and higher variable compensation. Technology and communications expense increased primarily due to capital investments
and costs related to acquired card portfolios, while professional services expense increased due to compliance-related matters. The increases in other noninterest expense reflect the impact of the FDIC surcharge, which began in the third quarter of
2016. In addition, the increase in other noninterest expense for the first nine months of 2016, over the same period of the prior year, includes the second quarter 2016 change related to legal and regulatory matters. Further, marketing and business
development expense for the first nine months of 2016 increased over the same period of the prior year, as a result of brand advertising and the second quarter 2016 charitable contribution.   

U.S. Bancorp 
    
  5    

Table of Contents  

Table 3     
       Noninterest Expense        

(a)  
  Computed as noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis and noninterest income excluding net securities gains (losses).     
     Offsetting the increases were lower employee benefits expense mainly due to lower
pension costs.      Income Tax
Expense    The provision for income taxes was $566 million (an effective rate of 27.2 percent) for the third quarter and $1.6 billion (an effective rate of
26.6 percent) for the first nine months of 2016, compared with $534 million (an effective rate of 26.2 percent) and $1.5 billion (an effective rate of 25.7 percent) for the same periods of 2015. For further information on income
taxes, refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS   
   Loans    The Company s loan
portfolio was $271.3 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $260.8 billion at December 31, 2015, an increase of $10.5 billion (4.0 percent). The increase was driven primarily by higher commercial loans, residential mortgages,
commercial real estate loans and other retail loans, partially offset by lower credit card loans and covered loans.     Commercial
loans and commercial real estate loans increased $4.8 billion (5.4 percent) and $1.3 billion (3.2 percent), respectively, at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015, reflecting higher demand from new and existing
customers.    Residential mortgages held in the loan portfolio increased $2.7 billion (5.1 percent), reflecting 2016 origination
activity, including strong refinancing activities due to lower longer-term interest rates during the third quarter of 2016. Residential mortgages originated and placed in the Company s loan portfolio include well-secured jumbo mortgages and
branch-originated first lien home equity loans to borrowers with high credit quality.    Other retail loans increased $2.5 billion
(4.8 percent) at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015, driven by higher auto, installment and retail leasing balances, partially offset by decreases in student loan and revolving credit balances.  
 Credit card loans decreased $306 million (1.5 percent) at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015, primarily the result
of customers paying down balances.    The Company generally retains portfolio loans through maturity; however, the Company s intent may
change over time based upon various factors such as ongoing asset/liability management activities, assessment of product profitability, credit risk, liquidity needs, and capital implications. If the Company s intent or ability to hold an
existing portfolio loan changes, it is transferred to loans held for sale.      Loans Held for
Sale    Loans held for sale, consisting primarily of residential mortgages to be sold in the secondary market, were $5.6 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with
$3.2 billion at December 31, 2015. The increase in loans held for sale was principally due to a higher level of mortgage loan closings, driven by strong refinancing activities, in the third quarter of 2016. Almost all of the residential
mortgage loans the Company originates or purchases for sale follow guidelines that allow the loans to be sold into existing, highly liquid secondary markets; in particular in government agency transactions and to government-sponsored enterprises
( GSEs ).       Investment Securities    Investment securities totaled $110.0 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $105.6 billion at December 31, 2015. The $4.4 billion (4.2 percent) increase reflected
$3.8 billion of net   

6  
    
 U.S. Bancorp   

Table of Contents  

Table 4     
       Investment Securities        

(a)  
  Information related to asset and mortgage-backed securities included above is presented based upon weighted-average maturities anticipating future prepayments.     

(b)  
  Information related to obligations of state and political subdivisions is presented based upon yield to first optional call date if the security is purchased at a premium, yield to maturity if purchased at par or a
discount.     

(c)  
  Maturity calculations for obligations of state and political subdivisions are based on the first optional call date for securities with a fair value above par and contractual maturity for securities with a fair
value equal to or below par.     

(d)  
  The weighted-average maturity of the available-for-sale investment securities was 4.7 years at December 31, 2015, with a corresponding weighted-average yield of 2.21 percent. The weighted-average maturity of the
held-to-maturity investment securities was 4.2 years at December 31, 2015, with a corresponding weighted-average yield of 1.92 percent.     

(e)  
  Weighted-average yields are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis under a tax rate of 35 percent. Yields on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities are computed based on amortized cost
balances, excluding any premiums or discounts recorded related to the transfer of investment securities at fair value from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. Weighted-average yield and maturity calculations exclude equity securities that have
no stated yield or maturity.         

U.S. Bancorp 
    
  7    

Table of Contents  

investment purchases and a $699 million favorable change in net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investment securities.  
 The Company s available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in other comprehensive income
(loss) unless a security is deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. At September 30, 2016, the Company s net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities were $879 million, compared with $180 million at December 31,
2015. The favorable change in net unrealized gains (losses) was primarily due to increases in the fair value of agency mortgage-backed securities as a result of changes in interest rates. Gross unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities
totaled $130 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $480 million at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the Company had no plans to sell securities with unrealized losses, and believes it is more likely than not that it would
not be required to sell such securities before recovery of their amortized cost.    In December 2013, U.S. banking regulators approved final
rules that prohibit banks from holding certain types of investments, such as investments in hedge and certain private equity funds. The Company does not anticipate the implementation of these final rules will require any significant liquidation of
securities held or impairment charges. Refer to Notes 3 and 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on investment securities.  
   Deposits    Total deposits were
$334.6 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $300.4 billion at December 31, 2015, the result of increases in total savings deposits and noninterest-bearing deposits, partially offset by a decrease in time deposits. Money market
deposit balances increased $20.9 billion (24.2 percent) at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015, primarily due to higher Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate and Wealth Management and Securities Services balances.
Interest checking balances increased $6.9 billion (11.6 percent) primarily due to higher Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate, corporate trust, and Consumer and Small Business Banking balances. Savings account balances increased
$2.4 billion (6.3 percent), primarily due to higher Consumer and Small Business Banking balances. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased $5.3 billion (6.4 percent) at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015,
primarily due to higher corporate trust, Consumer and Small Business Banking and Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate balances. Time deposits decreased $1.3 billion (3.9 percent) at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31,
2015, primarily related to a decrease in Consumer and Small Business Banking balances due to maturities and those deposits managed as an alternative to other funding sources such as wholesale borrowing, based largely on relative pricing and
liquidity characteristics.       Borrowings    The Company utilizes both short-term and long-term borrowings as part of its asset/liability management and funding strategies. Short-term borrowings, which include federal funds purchased,
commercial paper, repurchase agreements, borrowings secured by high-grade assets and other short-term borrowings, were $15.7 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $27.9 billion at December 31, 2015. The $12.2 billion
(43.7 percent) decrease in short-term borrowings was primarily driven by lower commercial paper balances. Long-term debt was $38.0 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $32.1 billion at December 31, 2015. The
$5.9 billion (18.4 percent) increase was primarily due to the issuances of $4.5 billion of bank notes, $2.6 billion of medium-term notes and $1.0 billion of subordinated notes, and an $842 million increase in Federal Home Loan Bank
( FHLB ) advances, partially offset by $3.1 billion of bank note and subordinated note repayments and maturities. Refer to the  Liquidity Risk Management  section for discussion of liquidity management of the Company.   

8  
    
 U.S. Bancorp   

Table of Contents  

     CORPORATE RISK PROFILE   
     Overview   
Managing risks is an essential part of successfully operating a financial services company. The Company s Board of Directors has approved a risk management framework which establishes governance and risk management requirements for all
risk-taking activities. This framework includes Company and business line risk appetite statements which set boundaries for the types and amount of risk that may be undertaken in pursuing business objectives and initiatives. The Board of Directors,
primarily through its Risk Management Committee, oversees performance relative to the risk management framework, risk appetite statements, and other policy requirements.   
 The Executive Risk Committee ( ERC ), which is chaired by the Chief Risk Officer and includes the Chief Executive Officer and other
members of the executive management team, oversees execution against the risk management framework and risk appetite statements. The ERC focuses on current and emerging risks, including strategic and reputational risks, by directing timely and
comprehensive actions. Senior operating committees have also been established, each responsible for overseeing a specified category of risk.  
 The Company s most prominent risk exposures are credit, interest rate, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, and
reputational. Credit risk is the risk of not collecting the interest and/or the principal balance of a loan, investment or derivative contract when it is due. Interest rate risk is the potential reduction of net interest income or market valuations
as a result of changes in interest rates. Market risk arises from fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and security prices that may result in changes in the values of financial instruments, such as trading and available-for-sale
securities, mortgage loans held for sale ( MLHFS ), mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ) and derivatives that are accounted for on a fair value basis. Liquidity risk is the possible inability to fund obligations or new business at
a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, or systems, or from external events, including the risk of loss resulting from breaches in data security.
Operational risk can also include failures by third parties with which the Company does business. Compliance risk is the risk of loss arising from violations of, or nonconformance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, internal
policies, and procedures, or ethical standards, potentially exposing the Company to fines, civil money penalties, payment of damages, and the voiding of contracts. Compliance risk also arises in situations where the laws or rules governing certain
Company products or activities of the Company s customers may be ambiguous or untested. Strategic risk is the risk to earnings or capital arising from adverse business decisions or improper implementation of those decisions. Reputational risk
is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or franchise or enterprise value arising from negative public opinion. This risk may impair the Company s competitiveness by affecting its ability to establish new relationships, offer
new services or continue serving existing relationships. In addition to the risks identified above, other risk factors exist that may impact the Company. Refer to  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, and in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, for a detailed discussion of these factors.  
 The Company s Board and management-level governance committees are supported by a  three lines of defense  model for
establishing effective checks and balances. The first line of defense, the business lines, manages risks in conformity with established limits and policy requirements. In turn, business leaders and their risk officers establish programs to ensure
conformity with these limits and policy requirements. The second line of defense, which includes the Chief Risk Officer s organization as well as policy and oversight activities of corporate support functions, translates risk appetite and
strategy into actionable risk limits and policies. The second line of defense monitors first line of defense conformity with limits and policies, and provides reporting and escalation of emerging risks and other concerns to senior management and the
Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors. The third line of defense, internal audit, is responsible for providing the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and senior management with independent assessment and assurance regarding the
effectiveness of the Company s governance, risk management, and control processes.    Management provides various risk reports to the
Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management Committee discusses with management the Company s risk management performance, and provides a summary of key risks to the entire Board of Directors, covering the status of
existing matters, areas of potential future concern, and specific information on certain types of loss events. The Risk Management Committee considers quarterly reports by management assessing the Company s performance relative to the risk
appetite statements and the associated risk limits, including:  

Qualitative considerations, such as the macroeconomic environment, regulatory and compliance changes,

U.S. Bancorp 
    
  9    

Table of Contents  

litigation developments, and technology and cybersecurity;     

Capital ratios and projections, including regulatory measures and stressed scenarios;    

Credit measures, including adversely rated and nonperforming loans, leveraged transactions, credit concentrations and lending limits;    

Interest rate and market risk, including market value and net income simulation, and trading-related Value at Risk;    

Liquidity risk, including funding projections under various stressed scenarios;    

Operational and compliance risk, including losses stemming from events such as fraud, processing errors, control breaches, breaches in data security, or adverse business decisions, as well as reporting on technology
performance, and various legal and regulatory compliance measures; and    

Reputational and strategic risk considerations, impacts and responses.          Credit Risk Management    The Company s strategy for credit risk management includes well-defined,
centralized credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all commercial and consumer credit exposures. In evaluating its credit risk, the Company considers changes, if any, in underwriting
activities, the loan portfolio composition (including product mix and geographic, industry or customer-specific concentrations), collateral values, trends in loan performance and macroeconomic factors, such as changes in unemployment rates, gross
domestic product and consumer bankruptcy filings. The Risk Management Committee oversees the Company s credit risk management process.   
 In addition, credit quality ratings, as defined by the Company, are an important part of the Company s overall credit risk management and
evaluation of its allowance for credit losses. Loans with a pass rating represent those loans not classified on the Company s rating scale for problem credits, as minimal risk has been identified. Loans with a special mention or classified
rating, including loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing, nonaccrual loans, those loans considered troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ), and loans in a junior lien position that are current but are behind a
modified or delinquent loan in a first lien position, encompass all loans held by the Company that it considers to have a potential or well-defined weakness that may put full collection of contractual cash flows at risk. The Company s internal
credit quality ratings for consumer loans are primarily based on delinquency and nonperforming status, except for a limited population of larger loans within those portfolios that are individually evaluated. For this limited population, the
determination of the internal credit quality rating may also consider collateral value and customer cash flows. The Company obtains recent collateral value estimates for the majority of its residential mortgage and home equity and second mortgage
portfolios, which allows the Company to compute estimated loan-to-value ( LTV ) ratios reflecting current market conditions. These individual refreshed LTV ratios are considered in the determination of the appropriate allowance for credit
losses. However, the underwriting criteria the Company employs consider the relevant income and credit characteristics of the borrower, such that the collateral is not the primary source of repayment. Refer to Note 4 in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s loan portfolios, including internal credit quality ratings. In addition, refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Credit Risk
Management  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for a more detailed discussion on credit risk management processes.  
 The Company manages its credit risk, in part, through diversification of its loan portfolio and limit setting by product type criteria and
concentrations. As part of its normal business activities, the Company offers a broad array of lending products. The Company categorizes its loan portfolio into three segments, which is the level at which it develops and documents a systematic
methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. The Company s three loan portfolio segments are commercial lending, consumer lending and covered loans.  
 The commercial lending segment includes loans and leases made to small business, middle market, large corporate, commercial real estate,
financial institution, non-profit and public sector customers. Key risk characteristics relevant to commercial lending segment loans include the industry and geography of the borrower s business, purpose of the loan, repayment source,
borrower s debt capacity and financial flexibility, loan covenants, and nature of pledged collateral, if any. These risk characteristics, among others, are considered in determining estimates about the likelihood of default by the borrowers and
the severity of loss in the event of default. The Company considers these risk characteristics in assigning internal risk ratings to, or forecasting losses on, these loans which are the significant factors in determining the allowance for credit
losses for loans in the commercial lending segment.    Included within the commercial lending segment are energy loans, which represented
1.0 percent of the Company s total loans outstanding at September 30,  

Table of Contents  

2016. Low energy prices during 2016 have increased criticized commitments and nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015.  
 The following table provides a summary of the Company s energy loans:      
   The consumer lending segment represents loans and leases made to consumer customers, including residential
mortgages, credit card loans, and other retail loans such as revolving consumer lines, auto loans and leases, home equity loans and lines, and student loans, a run-off portfolio. Home equity or second mortgage loans are junior lien closed-end
accounts fully disbursed at origination. These loans typically are fixed rate loans, secured by residential real estate, with a 10- or 15-year fixed payment amortization schedule. Home equity lines are revolving accounts giving the borrower the
ability to draw and repay balances repeatedly, up to a maximum commitment, and are secured by residential real estate. These include accounts in either a first or junior lien position. Typical terms on home equity lines in the portfolio are variable
rates benchmarked to the prime rate, with a 10- or 15-year draw period during which a minimum payment is equivalent to the monthly interest, followed by a 20- or 10-year amortization period, respectively. At September 30, 2016, substantially all of
the Company s home equity lines were in the draw period. Approximately $1.0 billion, or 7 percent, of the outstanding home equity line balances at September 30, 2016, will enter the amortization period within the next 36 months. Key risk
characteristics relevant to consumer lending segment loans primarily relate to the borrowers  capacity and willingness to repay and include unemployment rates and other economic factors, customer payment history and in some cases, updated LTV
information on real estate based loans. These risk characteristics, among others, are reflected in forecasts of delinquency levels, bankruptcies and losses which are the primary factors in determining the allowance for credit losses for the consumer
lending segment.    The covered loan segment represents loans acquired in FDIC-assisted transactions that are covered by loss sharing
agreements with the FDIC that greatly reduce the risk of future credit losses to the Company. Key risk characteristics for covered segment loans are consistent with the segment they would otherwise be included in had the loss share coverage not been
in place, but consider the indemnification provided by the FDIC.    The Company further disaggregates its loan portfolio segments into
various classes based on their underlying risk characteristics. The two classes within the commercial lending segment are commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. The three classes within the consumer lending segment are residential
mortgages, credit card loans and other retail loans. The covered loan segment consists of only one class.    The Company s consumer
lending segment utilizes several distinct business processes and channels to originate consumer credit, including traditional branch lending, on-line banking, indirect lending, portfolio acquisitions, correspondent banks and loan brokers. Each
distinct underwriting and origination activity manages unique credit risk characteristics and prices its loan production commensurate with the differing risk profiles.  
 Residential mortgages are originated through the Company s branches, loan production offices, on-line services and a wholesale network of
originators. The Company may retain residential mortgage loans it originates on its balance sheet or sell the loans into the secondary market while retaining the servicing rights and customer relationships. Utilizing the secondary markets enables
the Company to effectively reduce its credit and other asset/liability risks. For residential mortgages that are retained in the Company s portfolio and for home equity and second mortgages, credit risk is also diversified by geography and
managed by adherence to LTV and borrower credit criteria during the underwriting process.    The Company estimates updated LTV information
on its outstanding residential mortgages quarterly, based on a method that combines automated valuation model updates and relevant home price indices. LTV is the ratio of the loan s outstanding principal balance to the current estimate of
property value. For home equity and second mortgages, combined loan-to-value ( CLTV ) is the combination of the first mortgage original principal balance and the second lien outstanding principal balance, relative to the current estimate
of property value. Certain loans do not have a LTV or CLTV, primarily due to lack of availability of relevant automated valuation model and/or home price indices values, or lack of necessary valuation data on acquired loans.  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables provide summary information for the LTVs of residential mortgages and home equity and
second mortgages by borrower type at September 30, 2016:      

(a)  
  Represents loans purchased from Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ) mortgage pools whose payments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of
Veterans Affairs.         
            The total amount of consumer lending segment residential mortgage, home
equity and second mortgage loans to customers that may be defined as sub-prime borrowers represented only 0.3 percent of total assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company considers sub-prime loans to be those made to
borrowers with a risk of default significantly higher than those approved for prime lending programs, as reflected in credit scores obtained from independent agencies at loan origination, in addition to other credit underwriting criteria. Sub-prime
portfolios include only loans originated according to the Company s underwriting programs specifically designed to serve customers with weakened credit histories. The sub-prime designation indicators have been and will continue to be subject to
re-evaluation over time as borrower characteristics, payment performance and economic conditions change. The sub-prime loans originated during periods from June 2009 and after are with borrowers who met the Company s program guidelines and have
a credit score that generally is at or below a threshold of 620 to 650 depending on the program. Sub-prime loans originated during periods prior to June 2009 were based upon program level guidelines without regard to credit score.  
 Home equity and second mortgages were $16.5 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $16.4 billion at December 31, 2015, and
included $5.0 billion of home equity lines in a first lien position and $11.5 billion of home equity and second mortgage loans and lines in a junior lien position. Loans and lines in a junior lien position at September 30, 2016, included
approximately $4.7 billion of loans and lines for which the Company also serviced the related first lien loan, and approximately $6.8 billion where the Company did not service the related first lien loan. The Company was able to determine the
status of the related first liens using information the Company has as the servicer of the first lien or information reported on customer credit bureau files. The Company also evaluates other indicators of credit risk for these junior lien loans and
lines including delinquency, estimated average CLTV ratios and updated weighted-average credit scores in making its assessment of credit risk, related loss estimates and determining the allowance for credit losses.  

Table of Contents  

Table 5     
       Delinquent Loan Ratios as a Percent of Ending Loan Balances        

(a)  
  Delinquent loan ratios exclude $2.4 billion at September 30, 2016, and $2.9 billion at December 31, 2015, of loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools whose repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing
Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. Including these loans, the ratio of residential mortgages 90 days or more past due including all nonperforming loans was 5.70 percent at September 30, 2016, and 7.15 percent at
December 31, 2015.     

(b)  
  Delinquent loan ratios exclude student loans that are guaranteed by the federal government. Including these loans, the ratio of total other retail loans 90 days or more past due including all nonperforming loans
was .60 percent at September 30, 2016, and .75 percent at December 31, 2015.         
 The following table provides a summary of delinquency statistics and other credit quality indicators for the Company s junior lien positions at September
30, 2016:      
   See the  Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Credit Losses  section for additional
information on how the Company determines the allowance for credit losses for loans in a junior lien position.       Loan Delinquencies     Trends in delinquency ratios are an indicator, among other considerations, of credit risk within the
Company s loan portfolios. The Company measures delinquencies, both including and excluding nonperforming loans, to enable comparability with other companies. Accruing loans 90 days or more past due totaled $748 million ($518 million
excluding covered loans) at September 30, 2016, compared with $831 million ($541 million excluding covered loans) at December 31, 2015. These balances exclude loans purchased from Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA )
mortgage pools whose repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs, as well as student loans guaranteed by the federal government. Accruing loans 90 days or more past due
are not included in nonperforming assets and continue to accrue interest because they are adequately secured by collateral, are in the process of collection and are reasonably expected to result in repayment or restoration to current status, or are
managed in homogeneous portfolios with specified charge-off timeframes adhering to regulatory guidelines. The ratio of accruing loans 90 days or more past due to total loans was 0.28 percent (0.19 percent excluding covered loans) at
September 30, 2016, compared with 0.32 percent (0.21 percent excluding covered loans) at December 31, 2015.   

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides summary delinquency information for residential mortgages, credit card and other
retail loans included in the consumer lending segment:      

(b)  
  Includes revolving credit, installment, automobile and student loans.         
 The following tables provide further information on residential mortgages and home equity and second mortgages as a percent of ending loan balances by
borrower type:      

(a)  
  Excludes delinquent and nonperforming information on loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools as their repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of
Veterans Affairs.         
   The following table provides summary delinquency information for covered loans:  

Table of Contents  

     Restructured Loans     In certain circumstances, the Company may modify the terms of a loan to maximize the collection of amounts due when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties or is expected to
experience difficulties in the near-term. In most cases the modification is either a concessionary reduction in interest rate, extension of the maturity date or reduction in the principal balance that would otherwise not be considered.   
    Troubled Debt Restructurings    
Concessionary modifications are classified as TDRs unless the modification results in only an insignificant delay in the payments to be received. TDRs accrue interest if the borrower complies with the revised terms and conditions and has
demonstrated repayment performance at a level commensurate with the modified terms over several payment cycles, which is generally six months or greater. At September 30, 2016, performing TDRs were $4.0 billion, compared with $4.7 billion at
December 31, 2015. Loans classified as TDRs are considered impaired loans for reporting and measurement purposes.     The Company
continues to work with customers to modify loans for borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulties, including those acquired through FDIC-assisted acquisitions. Many of the Company s TDRs are determined on a case-by-case basis in
connection with ongoing loan collection processes. The modifications vary within each of the Company s loan classes. Commercial lending segment TDRs generally include extensions of the maturity date and may be accompanied by an increase or
decrease to the interest rate. The Company may also work with the borrower to make other changes to the loan to mitigate losses, such as obtaining additional collateral and/or guarantees to support the loan.  
 The Company has also implemented certain residential mortgage loan restructuring programs that may result in TDRs. The Company participates in
the U.S. Department of the Treasury Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ). HAMP gives qualifying homeowners an opportunity to permanently modify their loan and achieve more affordable monthly payments, with the
U.S. Department of the Treasury compensating the Company for a portion of the reduction in monthly amounts due from borrowers participating in this program. The Company also modifies residential mortgage loans under Federal Housing
Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs, and its own internal programs. Under these programs, the Company provides concessions to qualifying borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. The concessions may include adjustments to interest
rates, conversion of adjustable rates to fixed rates, extensions of maturity dates or deferrals of payments, capitalization of accrued interest and/or outstanding advances, or in limited situations, partial forgiveness of loan principal. In most
instances, participation in residential mortgage loan restructuring programs requires the customer to complete a short-term trial period. A permanent loan modification is contingent on the customer successfully completing the trial period
arrangement and the loan documents are not modified until that time. The Company reports loans in a trial period arrangement as TDRs and continues to report them as TDRs after the trial period.  
 Credit card and other retail loan TDRs are generally part of distinct restructuring programs providing customers modification solutions over a
specified time period, generally up to 60 months.    In accordance with regulatory guidance, the Company considers secured consumer
loans that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy where the borrower has not reaffirmed the debt to be TDRs. If the loan amount exceeds the collateral value, the loan is charged down to collateral value and the remaining amount is reported as
nonperforming.    Modifications to loans in the covered segment are similar in nature to that described above for non-covered loans, and the
evaluation and determination of TDR status is similar, except that acquired loans restructured after acquisition are not considered TDRs for purposes of the Company s accounting and disclosure if the loans evidenced credit deterioration as of
the acquisition date and are accounted for in pools. Losses associated with modifications on covered loans, including the economic impact of interest rate reductions, are generally eligible for reimbursement under the loss sharing agreements.  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides a summary of TDRs by loan class, including the delinquency status for TDRs that
continue to accrue interest and TDRs included in nonperforming assets:      

(a)  
  Primarily represents loans less than six months from the modification date that have not met the performance period required to return to accrual status (generally six months) and small business credit cards with a
modified rate equal to 0 percent.     

(b)  
  Primarily represents loans less than six months from the modification date that have not met the performance period required to return to accrual status (generally six months).     

(c)  
  Primarily represents loans with a modified rate equal to 0 percent.     

(d)  
  Includes $282 million of residential mortgage loans to borrowers that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy and $81 million in trial period arrangements or previously placed in trial period arrangements but not
successfully completed.     

(e)  
  Includes $91 million of other retail loans to borrowers that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy and $7 million in trial period arrangements or previously placed in trial period arrangements but not
successfully completed.     

(f)  
  Includes $366 million of Federal Housing Administration and Department of Veterans Affairs residential mortgage loans to borrowers that have had debt discharged through bankruptcy and $284 million in trial period
arrangements or previously placed in trial period arrangements but not successfully completed.     

(g)  
  Approximately 5.6 percent and 61.8 percent of the total TDR loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools are 30-89 days past due and 90 days or more past due, respectively, but are not classified as delinquent as their
repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs.         
    Short-term Modifications     The
Company makes short-term modifications that it does not consider to be TDRs, in limited circumstances, to assist borrowers experiencing temporary hardships. Consumer lending programs include payment reductions, deferrals of up to three past due
payments, and the ability to return to current status if the borrower makes required payments. The Company may also make short-term modifications to commercial lending loans, with the most common modification being an extension of the maturity date
of three months or less. Such extensions generally are used when the maturity date is imminent and the borrower is experiencing some level of financial stress, but the Company believes the borrower will pay all contractual amounts owed. Short-term
modified loans were not material at September 30, 2016.   

Table of Contents  

Table 6     
       Nonperforming Assets (a)        
    Changes in Nonperforming
Assets       

(a)  
  Throughout this document, nonperforming assets and related ratios do not include accruing loans 90 days or more past due.     

(b)  
  Excludes $2.4 billion and $2.9 billion at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively, of loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools that are 90 days or more past due that continue to accrue interest, as
their repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs.     

(c)  
  Foreclosed GNMA loans of $397 million and $535 million at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively, continue to accrue interest and are recorded as other assets and excluded from nonperforming assets
because they are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs.     

(d)  
  Includes equity investments in entities whose principal assets are other real estate owned.     

(e)  
  Charge-offs exclude actions for certain card products and loan sales that were not classified as nonperforming at the time the charge-off occurred.    

Table of Contents  

     Nonperforming Assets     The level of nonperforming assets represents another indicator of the potential for future credit losses. Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, restructured loans not performing in
accordance with modified terms and not accruing interest, restructured loans that have not met the performance period required to return to accrual status, other real estate owned ( OREO ) and other nonperforming assets owned by the
Company. Nonperforming assets are generally either originated by the Company or acquired under FDIC loss sharing agreements that substantially reduce the risk of credit losses to the Company. Interest payments collected from assets on nonaccrual
status are generally applied against the principal balance and not recorded as income. However, interest income may be recognized for interest payments if the remaining carrying amount of the loan is believed to be collectible.   
 At September 30, 2016, total nonperforming assets were $1.7 billion, compared with $1.5 billion at December 31, 2015. The $141
million (9.3 percent) increase in nonperforming assets was primarily driven by a $240 million increase in nonperforming commercial loans within the energy portfolio, partially offset by improvements in the Company s residential and commercial
real estate portfolios. Excluding energy loans, nonperforming assets decreased 6.5 percent at September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015. Nonperforming covered assets were $35 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $40
million at December 31, 2015. The ratio of total nonperforming assets to total loans and other real estate was 0.61 percent at September 30, 2016, compared with 0.58 percent at December 31, 2015.  
 OREO, excluding covered assets, was $213 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $280 million at December 31, 2015, and
was related to foreclosed properties that previously secured loan balances. These balances exclude foreclosed GNMA loans whose repayments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans
Affairs.    The following table provides an analysis of OREO, excluding covered assets, as a percent of their related loan balances, including geographical
location detail for residential (residential mortgage, home equity and second mortgage) and commercial (commercial and commercial real estate) loan balances:      
      Analysis of Loan Net Charge-Offs     Total loan net charge-offs were $315 million for the third quarter and $947 million for the first nine months of 2016, compared with $292 million and $867 million for the same periods
of 2015. The ratio of total loan net charge-offs to average loans outstanding on an annualized basis for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 was 0.46 percent and 0.48 percent, respectively, compared with 0.46 percent and
0.47 percent for the same periods of 2015. The year-over-year increases in total net charge-offs reflected higher commercial loan net charge-offs and lower commercial real estate recoveries, partially offset by lower charge-offs related to
residential mortgages and home equity loans.     Commercial and commercial real estate loan net charge-offs for the third quarter of
2016 were $88 million (0.26 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis), compared with $60 million (0.19 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis) for the third quarter of 2015. Commercial and commercial
real estate loan net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 were $245 million (0.24 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis), compared with $128 million (0.14 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized
basis) for the first nine months of 2015. The year-over-year increases include higher energy net charge-offs and lower commercial real estate recoveries in the current year.  

Table of Contents  

Table 7     
 Net Charge-offs as a Percent of Average Loans Outstanding        
         
 Residential mortgage loan net charge-offs for the third quarter of 2016 were $12 million (0.08 percent of average loans outstanding on an
annualized basis), compared with $25 million (0.19 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis) for the third quarter of 2015. Residential mortgage loan net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 were $48 million
(0.12 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis), compared with $93 million (0.24 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis) for the first nine months of 2015. Credit card loan net charge-offs for
the third quarter of 2016 were $161 million (3.11 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis), compared with $153 million (3.38 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis) for the third quarter of 2015. Credit card
loan net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 were $495 million (3.25 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis), compared with $485 million (3.64 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis) for the first
nine months of 2015. Other retail loan net charge-offs for the third quarter of 2016 were $54 million (0.41 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis), compared with $54 million (0.44 percent of average loans
outstanding on an annualized basis) for the third quarter of 2015. Other retail loan net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 were $159 million (0.41 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis), compared with $161
million (0.44 percent of average loans outstanding on an annualized basis) for the first nine months of 2015. The decreases in total residential mortgage, credit card and other retail loan net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans
outstanding on an annualized basis reflected the continued improvement in economic conditions.      
 The following table provides an analysis of net charge-offs as a percent of average loans outstanding for residential mortgages and home equity and second
mortgages by borrower type:      

(a)  
  Represents loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools whose payments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs.     

Table of Contents  

     Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Credit
Losses     The allowance for credit losses is established for probable and estimable losses incurred in the Company s loan and lease portfolio, including unfunded credit
commitments, and includes certain amounts that do not represent loss exposure to the Company because those losses are recoverable under loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. The allowance for credit losses is increased through provisions charged to
operating earnings and reduced by net charge-offs. Management evaluates the allowance each quarter to ensure it appropriately reserves for incurred losses.   
 The allowance recorded for loans in the commercial lending segment is based on reviews of individual credit relationships and considers the
migration analysis of commercial lending segment loans and actual loss experience. In the migration analysis applied to risk rated loan portfolios, the Company currently examines up to a 15-year period of historical loss experience. For each loan
type, this historical loss experience is adjusted as necessary to consider any relevant changes in portfolio composition, lending policies, underwriting standards, risk management practices or economic conditions. The results of the analysis are
evaluated quarterly to confirm an appropriate historical timeframe is selected for each commercial loan type. The allowance recorded for impaired loans greater than $5 million in the commercial lending segment is based on an individual loan
analysis utilizing expected cash flows discounted using the original effective interest rate, the observable market price of the loan, or the fair value of the collateral, less selling costs, for collateral-dependent loans, rather than the migration
analysis. The allowance recorded for all other commercial lending segment loans is determined on a homogenous pool basis and includes consideration of product mix, risk characteristics of the portfolio, bankruptcy experience, and historical losses,
adjusted for current trends.    The allowance recorded for TDR loans and purchased impaired loans in the consumer lending segment is
determined on a homogenous pool basis utilizing expected cash flows discounted using the original effective interest rate of the pool, or the prior quarter effective rate, respectively. The allowance for collateral-dependent loans in the consumer
lending segment is determined based on the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. The allowance recorded for all other consumer lending segment loans is determined on a homogenous pool basis and includes consideration of product mix, risk
characteristics of the portfolio, bankruptcy experience, delinquency status, refreshed LTV ratios when possible, portfolio growth and historical losses, adjusted for current trends. Credit card and other retail loans 90 days or more past due are
generally not placed on nonaccrual status because of the relatively short period of time to charge-off and, therefore, are excluded from nonperforming loans and measures that include nonperforming loans as part of the calculation.  
 When evaluating the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses for any loans and lines in a junior lien position, the Company
considers the delinquency and modification status of the first lien. At September 30, 2016, the Company serviced the first lien on 41 percent of the home equity loans and lines in a junior lien position. The Company also considers information
received from its primary regulator on the status of the first liens that are serviced by other large servicers in the industry and the status of first lien mortgage accounts reported on customer credit bureau files. Regardless of whether or not the
Company services the first lien, an assessment is made of economic conditions, problem loans, recent loss experience and other factors in determining the allowance for credit losses. Based on the available information, the Company estimated
$330 million or 2.0 percent of its total home equity portfolio at September 30, 2016, represented non-delinquent junior liens where the first lien was delinquent or modified.  
 The Company uses historical loss experience on the loans and lines in a junior lien position where the first lien is serviced by the Company,
or can be identified in credit bureau data, to establish loss estimates for junior lien loans and lines the Company services that are current, but the first lien is delinquent or modified. Historically, the number of junior lien defaults has been a
small percentage of the total portfolio (approximately 1.1 percent annually), while the long-term average loss rate on loans that default has been approximately 90 percent. In addition, the Company obtains updated credit scores on its home
equity portfolio each quarter, and in some cases more frequently, and uses this information to qualitatively supplement its loss estimation methods. Credit score distributions for the portfolio are monitored monthly and any changes in the
distribution are one of the factors considered in assessing the Company s loss estimates. In its evaluation of the allowance for credit losses, the Company also considers the increased risk of loss associated with home equity lines that are
contractually scheduled to convert from a revolving status to a fully amortizing payment and with residential lines and loans that have a balloon payoff provision.  
 The allowance for the covered loan segment is evaluated each quarter in a manner similar to that described for non-covered loans, and
represents any decreases in expected cash flows on those loans after the  

Table of Contents  

acquisition date. The provision for credit losses for covered loans considers the indemnification provided by the FDIC.  
 In addition, the evaluation of the appropriate allowance for credit losses for purchased non-impaired loans acquired after January 1,
2009, in the various loan segments considers credit discounts recorded as a part of the initial determination of the fair value of the loans. For these loans, no allowance for credit losses is recorded at the purchase date. Credit discounts
representing the principal losses expected over the life of the loans are a component of the initial fair value. Subsequent to the purchase date, the methods utilized to estimate the required allowance for credit losses for these loans is similar to
originated loans; however, the Company records a provision for credit losses only when the required allowance, net of any expected reimbursement under any loss sharing agreements with the FDIC, exceeds any remaining credit discounts.  
 The evaluation of the appropriate allowance for credit losses for purchased impaired loans in the various loan segments considers the expected
cash flows to be collected from the borrower. These loans are initially recorded at fair value and, therefore, no allowance for credit losses is recorded at the purchase date.  
 Subsequent to the purchase date, the expected cash flows of purchased loans are subject to evaluation. Decreases in expected cash flows are
recognized by recording an allowance for credit losses with the related provision for credit losses reduced for the amount reimbursable by the FDIC, where applicable. If the expected cash flows on the purchased loans increase such that a previously
recorded impairment allowance can be reversed, the Company records a reduction in the allowance with a related reduction in losses reimbursable by the FDIC, where applicable. Increases in expected cash flows of purchased loans, when there are no
reversals of previous impairment allowances, are recognized over the remaining life of the loans and resulting decreases in expected cash flows of the FDIC indemnification assets are amortized over the shorter of the remaining contractual term of
the indemnification agreements or the remaining life of the loans.    The Company s methodology for determining the appropriate
allowance for credit losses for all the loan segments also considers the imprecision inherent in the methodologies used. As a result, in addition to the amounts determined under the methodologies described above, management also considers the
potential impact of other qualitative factors which include, but are not limited to, economic factors; geographic and other concentration risks; delinquency and nonaccrual trends; current business conditions; changes in lending policy, underwriting
standards, internal review and other relevant business practices; and the regulatory environment. The consideration of these items results in adjustments to allowance amounts included in the Company s allowance for credit losses for each of the
above loan segments.    Refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis  Analysis of the Allowance for Credit
Losses  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on the analysis and determination of the allowance for credit losses.  
 At September 30, 2016, the allowance for credit losses was $4.3 billion (1.60 percent of period-end loans), compared with an
allowance of $4.3 billion (1.65 percent of period-end loans) at December 31, 2015. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans was 310 percent at September 30, 2016, compared with 361 percent at
December 31, 2015. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to annualized loan net charge-offs was 346 percent at September 30, 2016, compared with 367 percent of full year 2015 net charge-offs at December 31, 2015.  

Table of Contents  

Table 8     
       Summary of Allowance for Credit Losses        

(a)  
  Relates to covered loan charge-offs and recoveries not reimbursable by the FDIC.     

(b)  
  Includes net changes in credit losses to be reimbursed by the FDIC and reductions in the allowance for covered loans where the reversal of a previously recorded allowance was offset by an associated decrease in the
indemnification asset, and the impact of any loan sales.     

(c)  
  At September 30, 2016 and 2015, $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, of the total allowance for credit losses related to incurred losses on credit card and other retail loans.     

Table of Contents  

      Residual Value Risk
Management    The Company manages its risk to changes in the residual value of leased assets through disciplined residual valuation setting at the inception of a lease,
diversification of its leased assets, regular residual asset valuation reviews and monitoring of residual value gains or losses upon the disposition of assets. As of September 30, 2016, no significant change in the amount of residual values or
concentration of the portfolios had occurred since December 31, 2015. Refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Residual Value Risk Management  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 
31, 2015, for further discussion on residual value risk management.         Operational
 Risk Management    Operational risk is inherent in all business activities, and the management of this risk is important to the achievement of the Company s objectives.
Business lines have direct and primary responsibility and accountability for identifying, controlling, and monitoring operational risks embedded in their business activities. The Company maintains a system of controls with the objective of providing
proper transaction authorization and execution, proper system operations, proper oversight of third parties with whom they do business, safeguarding of assets from misuse or theft, and ensuring the reliability and security of financial and other
data. Refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Operational Risk Management  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on operational
risk management.         Compliance Risk Management    The Company may suffer legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, or damage to reputation through failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, standards of good practice,
and codes of conduct, including those related to compliance with Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering requirements, sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, consumer protection and other
requirements. The Company has controls and processes in place for the assessment, identification, monitoring, management and reporting of compliance risks and issues. Refer to  Management s Discussion and
Analysis   Compliance Risk Management  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on compliance risk management.   
     Interest Rate Risk Management    In the banking industry, changes in interest rates are a significant risk that can impact earnings, market valuations and the safety and soundness of an entity. To manage the impact on net
interest income and the market value of assets and liabilities, the Company manages its exposure to changes in interest rates through asset and liability management activities within guidelines established by its Asset Liability Committee
( ALCO ) and approved by the Board of Directors. The ALCO has the responsibility for approving and ensuring compliance with the ALCO management policies, including interest rate risk exposure. The Company uses net interest income
simulation analysis and market value of equity modeling for measuring and analyzing consolidated interest rate risk.        Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis     Management estimates the impact on net interest income of changes in market
interest rates under a number of scenarios, including gradual shifts, immediate and sustained parallel shifts, and flattening or steepening of the yield curve. Table 9 summarizes the projected impact to net interest income over the next
12 months of various potential interest rate changes. The ALCO policy limits the estimated change in net interest income in a gradual 200 basis point ( bps ) rate change scenario to a 4.0 percent decline of forecasted net
interest income over the next 12 months. At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the Company was within policy. Refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis 
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on net interest income simulation analysis.   
    Market Value of Equity
Modeling     The Company also manages interest rate sensitivity by utilizing market value of equity modeling, which measures the degree to which the market values of the
Company s assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments will change given a change in interest rates. Management measures the impact of changes in market interest rates under a number of scenarios, including immediate and sustained

Table 9     
 Sensitivity of Net Interest Income        

*  
  Given the current level of interest rates, downward rate scenario is not computed.     

Table of Contents  

parallel shifts, and flattening or steepening of the yield curve. The ALCO policy limits the change in market value of equity in a 200 bps parallel rate shock to a 15.0 percent decline.
A 200 bps increase would have resulted in a 1.9 percent decrease in the market value of equity at September 30, 2016, compared with a 5.8 percent decrease at December 31, 2015. A 200 bps decrease, where possible given
current rates, would have resulted in a 14.0 percent decrease in the market value of equity at September 30, 2016, compared with a 7.0 percent decrease at December 31, 2015. The change in the market value of equity sensitivity to
an immediate 200 bps decrease in the yield curve at September 30, 2016, as compared with December 31, 2015, was primarily due to assuming deposit rates do not decrease below zero, combined with lower rates on the long end of the yield curve.
Refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Market Value of Equity Modeling  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on market value
of equity modeling.       Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate and Other Risks     To manage the sensitivity of earnings and capital to interest rate, prepayment, credit, price and foreign currency fluctuations (asset and liability management positions), the Company enters
into derivative transactions. The Company uses derivatives for asset and liability management purposes primarily in the following ways:   

To convert fixed-rate debt from fixed-rate payments to floating-rate payments;    

To convert the cash flows associated with floating-rate debt from floating-rate payments to fixed-rate payments;    

To mitigate changes in value of the Company s mortgage origination pipeline, funded MLHFS and MSRs;    

To mitigate remeasurement volatility of foreign currency denominated balances; and    

To mitigate the volatility of the Company s investment in foreign businesses driven by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.    
 The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are either exchange-traded, centrally cleared through clearinghouses or over-the-counter.
In addition, the Company enters into interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts to support the business requirements of its customers (customer-related positions). The Company minimizes the market and liquidity risks of customer-related
positions by either entering into similar offsetting positions with broker-dealers, or on a portfolio basis by entering into other derivative or non-derivative financial instruments that partially or fully offset the exposure from these
customer-related positions. The Company does not utilize derivatives for speculative purposes.    The Company does not designate all of the
derivatives that it enters into for risk management purposes as accounting hedges because of the inefficiency of applying the accounting requirements and may instead elect fair value accounting for the related hedged items. In particular, the
Company enters into interest rate swaps, forward commitments to buy to-be-announced securities ( TBAs ), U.S. Treasury and Eurodollar futures and options on U.S. Treasury futures to mitigate fluctuations in the value of its MSRs,
but does not designate those derivatives as accounting hedges.    Additionally, the Company uses forward commitments to sell TBAs and other
commitments to sell residential mortgage loans at specified prices to economically hedge the interest rate risk in its residential mortgage loan production activities. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $9.1 billion of forward commitments
to sell, hedging $4.0 billion of MLHFS and $6.0 billion of unfunded mortgage loan commitments. The forward commitments to sell and the unfunded mortgage loan commitments on loans intended to be sold are considered derivatives under the
accounting guidance related to accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities. The Company has elected the fair value option for the MLHFS.  
 Derivatives are subject to credit risk associated with counterparties to the contracts. Credit risk associated with derivatives is measured by
the Company based on the probability of counterparty default. The Company manages the credit risk of its derivative positions by diversifying its positions among various counterparties, by entering into master netting arrangements, and, where
possible, by requiring collateral arrangements. The Company may also transfer counterparty credit risk related to interest rate swaps to third parties through the use of risk participation agreements. In addition, certain interest rate swaps and
forwards and credit contracts are required to be centrally cleared through clearinghouses to further mitigate counterparty credit risk.  
 For additional information on derivatives and hedging activities, refer to Notes 12 and 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.        Market Risk Management    In addition to interest rate risk, the Company is exposed to other forms of market risk, principally related to trading activities which support customers  strategies to manage their
own foreign currency, interest rate risk and funding activities. For purposes of its internal capital adequacy assessment   

Table of Contents  

process, the Company considers risk arising from its trading activities employing methodologies consistent with the requirements of regulatory rules for market risk. The Company s Market
Risk Committee ( MRC ), within the framework of the ALCO, oversees market risk management. The MRC monitors and reviews the Company s trading positions and establishes policies for market risk management, including exposure limits for
each portfolio. The Company uses a Value at Risk ( VaR ) approach to measure general market risk. Theoretically, VaR represents the statistical risk of loss the Company has to adverse market movements over a one-day time horizon. The
Company uses the Historical Simulation method to calculate VaR for its trading businesses measured at the ninety-ninth percentile using a one-year look-back period for distributions derived from past market data. The market factors used in the
calculations include those pertinent to market risks inherent in the underlying trading portfolios, principally those that affect its corporate bond trading business, foreign currency transaction business, client derivatives business, loan trading
business and municipal securities business. On average, the Company expects the one-day VaR to be exceeded by actual losses two to three times per year for its trading businesses. The Company monitors the effectiveness of its risk programs by
back-testing the performance of its VaR models, regularly updating the historical data used by the VaR models and stress testing. If the Company were to experience market losses in excess of the estimated VaR more often than expected, the VaR models
and associated assumptions would be analyzed and adjusted.    The average, high, low and period-end one-day VaR amounts for the Company s trading
positions were as follows:      
   The Company did not experience any actual trading losses for its combined trading businesses that exceeded VaR
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company stress tests its market risk measurements to provide management with perspectives on market events that may not be captured by its VaR models, including worst case historical
market movement combinations that have not necessarily occurred on the same date.    The Company calculates Stressed VaR using the same
underlying methodology and model as VaR, except that a historical continuous one-year look-back period is utilized that reflects a period of significant financial stress appropriate to the Company s trading portfolio. The period selected by the
Company includes the significant market volatility of the last four months of 2008.    The average, high, low and period-end one-day Stressed VaR amounts
for the Company s trading positions were as follows:      
   Valuations of positions in the client derivatives and foreign currency transaction businesses are based on
discounted cash flow or other valuation techniques using market-based assumptions. These valuations are compared to third party quotes or other market prices to determine if there are significant variances. Significant variances are approved by the
Company s market risk management department. Valuation of positions in the corporate bond trading, loan trading and municipal securities businesses are based on trader marks. These trader marks are evaluated against third party prices, with
significant variances approved by the Company s market risk management department.    The Company also measures the market risk of its
hedging activities related to residential MLHFS and MSRs using the Historical Simulation method. The VaRs are measured at the ninety-ninth percentile and employ factors pertinent to the market risks inherent in the valuation of the assets and
hedges. The Company monitors the effectiveness of the models through back-testing, updating the data and regular validations. A three-year look-back period is used to obtain past market data for the models.  
 The average, high and low VaR amounts for the residential MLHFS and related hedges and the MSRs and related hedges were as follows:  
   
       Liquidity Risk Management    The Company s liquidity risk management process is designed to identify, measure, and manage the Company s funding and liquidity risk to meet its daily funding needs and to address
expected and   

Table of Contents  

unexpected changes in its funding requirements. The Company engages in various activities to manage its liquidity risk. These activities include diversifying its funding sources, stress testing,
and holding readily-marketable assets which can be used as a source of liquidity if needed. In addition, the Company s profitable operations, sound credit quality and strong capital position have enabled it to develop a large and reliable base
of core deposit funding within its market areas and in domestic and global capital markets.    The Company s Board of Directors
approves the Company s liquidity policy. The Risk Management Committee of the Company s Board of Directors oversees the Company s liquidity risk management process and approves the contingency funding plan. The ALCO reviews the
Company s liquidity policy and guidelines, and regularly assesses the Company s ability to meet funding requirements arising from adverse company-specific or market events.  
 The Company regularly projects its funding needs under various stress scenarios and maintains a contingency funding plan consistent with the
Company s access to diversified sources of contingent funding. The Company maintains a substantial level of total available liquidity in the form of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet funding sources. These include cash at the Federal
Reserve Bank, unencumbered liquid assets, and capacity to borrow at the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank s Discount Window. At September 30, 2016, the fair value of unencumbered available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities
totaled $99.7 billion, compared with $92.4 billion at December 31, 2015. Refer to Table 4 and  Balance Sheet Analysis  for further information on investment securities maturities and trends. Asset liquidity is further enhanced by
the Company s ability to pledge loans to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank. At September 30, 2016, the Company could have borrowed an additional $85.3 billion at the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank
based on collateral available for additional borrowings.    The Company s diversified deposit base provides a sizeable source of
relatively stable and low-cost funding, while reducing the Company s reliance on the wholesale markets. Total deposits were $334.6 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $300.4 billion at December 31, 2015. Refer to
 Balance Sheet Analysis  for further information on the Company s deposits.    Additional funding is provided by long-term
debt and short-term borrowings. Long-term debt was $38.0 billion at September 30, 2016, and is an important funding source because of its multi-year borrowing structure. Short-term borrowings were $15.7 billion at September 30, 2016, and
supplement the Company s other funding sources. Refer to  Balance Sheet Analysis  for further information on the Company s long-term debt and short-term borrowings.  
 In addition to assessing liquidity risk on a consolidated basis, the Company monitors the parent company s liquidity. The Company
maintains sufficient funding to meet expected parent company obligations, without access to the wholesale funding markets or dividends from subsidiaries, for 12 months when forecasted payments of common stock dividends are included and
24 months assuming dividends were reduced to zero. The parent company currently has available funds considerably greater than the amounts required to satisfy these conditions.  
 At September 30, 2016, parent company long-term debt outstanding was $14.4 billion, compared with $11.5 billion at December 31,
2015. The $2.9 billion (25.5 percent) increase was primarily due to the issuances of $2.6 billion of medium-term notes and $1.0 billion of subordinated notes, partially offset by $500 million of subordinated note maturities. As of September 30,
2016, there was $1.3 billion of parent company debt scheduled to mature in the remainder of 2016.    Effective January 1, 2015, the
Company became subject to a regulatory Liquidity Coverage Ratio ( LCR ) requirement. Certain transition provisions apply until full implementation by January 1, 2017. The LCR rule requires banks to maintain an adequate level of
unencumbered high quality liquid assets to meet estimated liquidity needs over a 30-day stressed period. At September 30, 2016, the Company was compliant with the fully implemented LCR requirement based on its interpretation of the final U.S. LCR
rule.    Refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis  Liquidity Risk Management  in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on liquidity risk management.       European Exposures     Certain European countries have experienced slower than historical economic growth conditions over the past
several years. The Company provides merchant processing and corporate trust services in Europe either directly or through banking affiliations in Europe. Operating cash for these businesses is deposited on a short-term basis typically with certain
European central banks. For deposits placed at other European banks, exposure is mitigated by the Company placing deposits at multiple banks and managing the amounts on deposit at any bank based on institution-specific deposit limits. At September
30, 2016, the   

Table of Contents  

Company had an aggregate amount on deposit with European banks of approximately $5.8 billion, predominately with the Central Bank of Ireland and Bank of England.  
 In addition, the Company provides financing to domestic multinational corporations that generate revenue from customers in European countries,
transacts with various European banks as counterparties to certain derivative-related activities, and through a subsidiary manages money market funds that hold certain investments in European sovereign debt. Any further deterioration in economic
conditions in Europe is unlikely to have a significant effect on the Company related to these activities. However, the effects on the Company which could result from the United Kingdom s potential formal withdrawal from the European Union
( Brexit ) remain uncertain. Refer to  Risk Factors  in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, for further information regarding potential impacts to the Company s businesses,
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital resulting from Brexit.       Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements     Off-balance sheet arrangements include any contractual arrangements to which an unconsolidated entity is a party, under which the Company has an
obligation to provide credit or liquidity enhancements or market risk support. In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into an array of commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and various forms of guarantees that may be
considered off-balance sheet arrangements. Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these arrangements. The Company has not utilized private label asset securitizations as a source of
funding. Off-balance sheet arrangements also include any obligation related to a variable interest held in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, credit enhancement or market risk support. Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to the Company s interests in variable interest entities.   
 The FDIC has adopted a final rule that establishes a temporary premium surcharge applicable to the Company. The surcharge began in the third
quarter of 2016 which impacts the Company s expenses by approximately $23 million per quarter through 2018.        Capital Management    The Company is committed to managing capital to maintain strong protection for depositors and creditors and for
maximum shareholder benefit. The Company also manages its capital to exceed regulatory capital requirements for banking organizations. Beginning January 1, 2014, the regulatory capital requirements effective for the Company follow Basel
III, subject to certain transition provisions from Basel I over the following four years to full implementation by January 1, 2018. Basel III includes two comprehensive methodologies for calculating risk-weighted assets: a general standardized
approach and more risk-sensitive advanced approaches, with the Company s capital adequacy being evaluated against the methodology that is most restrictive. Table 10 provides a summary of statutory regulatory capital ratios in effect for
the Company at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. All regulatory ratios exceeded regulatory  well-capitalized  requirements.   
 Effective January 1, 2018, the Company will be subject to a regulatory Supplementary Leverage Ratio ( SLR ) requirement for
banks calculating capital adequacy using advanced approaches under Basel III. The SLR is defined as tier 1 capital divided by total leverage exposures, which includes both on- and off-balance sheet exposures. At September 30, 2016, the
Company s SLR exceeds the applicable minimum SLR requirement.    Total U.S. Bancorp shareholders  equity was
$47.8 billion at September 30, 2016, compared with $46.1 billion at December 31, 2015. The increase was primarily the result of corporate earnings and changes in unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investment securities
included in other comprehensive income (loss), partially offset by dividends and common share repurchases.    The Company believes certain
capital ratios in addition to statutory regulatory capital ratios are useful in evaluating its capital adequacy. The Company s tangible common equity, as a percent of tangible assets and as a percent of risk-weighted assets calculated under the
transitional standardized approach, was 7.5 percent and 9.3 percent, respectively, at September 30, 2016, compared with 7.6 percent and 9.2 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2015. The Company s common equity tier 1
capital to risk-weighted assets ratio using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented was 9.3 percent at September 30, 2016, compared with 9.1 percent at December 31, 2015. The Company s common equity
tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio using the Basel III advanced approaches as if fully implemented was 12.1 percent at September 30, 2016, compared with 11.9 percent at December 31, 2015. Refer to  Non-GAAP
Financial Measures  for further information regarding the calculation of these ratios.  

Table of Contents  

Table 10     
 Regulatory Capital Ratios        
     
 On June 29, 2016, the Company announced its Board of Directors had approved an authorization to repurchase up to $2.6 billion of its common
stock, from July 1, 2016 through June 30, 2017.    The following table provides a detailed analysis of all shares purchased by the Company or any
affiliated purchaser during the third quarter of 2016:      

(a)  
  All shares were purchased under the stock repurchase program announced on June 29, 2016.     

(b)  
  Includes 100,000 shares of common stock purchased, at an average price per share of $40.94, in open-market transactions by U.S. Bank National Association, the Company s banking subsidiary, in its capacity as
trustee of the Company s Employee Retirement Savings Plan.     

(c)  
  Includes 50,000 shares of common stock purchased, at an average price per share of $43.20, in open-market transactions by U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as trustee of the Company s Employee
Retirement Savings Plan.     

(d)  
  Includes 150,000 shares of common stock purchased, at an average price per share of $41.69, in open-market transactions by U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as trustee of the Company s Employee
Retirement Savings Plan.       On September 19, 2016, the Company announced its Board of Directors had approved a 9.8 percent
increase in the Company s dividend rate per common share from $0.255 per quarter to $0.28 per quarter.    Refer to
 Management s Discussion and Analysis  Capital Management  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on capital management.  
    LINE OF BUSINESS FINANCIAL REVIEW   
 The Company s major lines of business are Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate, Consumer and Small Business Banking, Wealth
Management and Securities Services, Payment Services, and Treasury and Corporate Support. These operating segments are components of the Company about which financial information is prepared and is evaluated regularly by management in deciding how
to allocate resources and assess performance.      Basis for Financial Presentation    Business line results are derived from the Company s business unit profitability reporting systems by specifically attributing managed balance sheet assets, deposits and other
liabilities and their related income or expense. The allowance for credit losses and related provision expense are allocated to the lines of business based on the related loan balances managed. Refer to  Management s Discussion and
Analysis   Line of Business Financial Review  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for further discussion on the business lines  basis for financial presentation.
    Designations, assignments and allocations change from time to time as management systems are enhanced, methods of evaluating
performance or product lines change or business segments are realigned to better respond to the Company s diverse customer base. During 2016, certain organization and methodology changes were made and, accordingly, 2015 results were restated
and presented on a comparable basis.      Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate    Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate offers lending, equipment finance and small-ticket leasing, depository services, treasury management, capital markets services, international trade
services and other financial services to middle market, large corporate, commercial real estate, financial institution, non-profit and public sector clients. Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate contributed $230 million of the

Table of Contents  

Company s net income in the third quarter and $587 million in the first nine months of 2016, or an increase of $25 million (12.2 percent) and a decrease of $78 million (11.7 percent),
respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. The increase in the third quarter of 2016 over the same period of the prior year was primarily due to an increase in net revenue, partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense. The
decrease in the first nine months of 2016 from the same period of the prior year was primarily due to increases in the provision for credit losses and noninterest expense, partially offset by an increase in net revenue.  
 Net revenue increased $51 million (7.0 percent) in the third quarter and $149 million (6.9 percent) in the first nine months of 2016,
compared with the same periods of 2015. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased $56 million (11.0 percent) in the third quarter and $143 million (9.6 percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the
same periods of 2015. The increases were primarily due to higher average loan and deposit balances, partially offset by lower rates on loans. Noninterest income decreased $5 million (2.2 percent) in the third quarter of 2016, compared with the third
quarter of 2015, reflecting a large syndication transaction in the prior year and higher loan-related charges, partially offset by higher foreign currency customer activity and capital markets volume. Noninterest income increased $6 million (0.9
percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same period of 2015, driven by higher capital markets volume and foreign currency customer activity, partially offset by higher loan-related charges.  
 Noninterest expense increased $19 million (5.8 percent) in the third quarter and $61 million (6.2 percent) in the first nine months of
2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, primarily due to increases in variable costs allocated to manage the business, including the impact of the FDIC surcharge. The provision for credit losses decreased $7 million (8.8 percent) in the
third quarter of 2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to a favorable change in the reserve allocation, partially offset by an increase in net charge-offs. The provision for credit losses increased $212 million in the first
nine months of 2016, compared with the same period of 2015, primarily due to an increase in commercial loan net charge-offs and lower commercial real estate recoveries, along with an unfavorable change in the reserve allocation driven by loan growth
and an increase in energy portfolio credit reserves.      Consumer and Small Business Banking    Consumer and Small Business Banking delivers products and services through banking offices, telephone servicing and sales, on-line services, direct mail, ATM processing and mobile devices,
such as mobile phones and tablet computers. It encompasses community banking, metropolitan banking and indirect lending, as well as mortgage banking. Consumer and Small Business Banking contributed $373 million of the Company s net income
in the third quarter and $1.1 billion in the first nine months of 2016, or increases of $61 million (19.6 percent) and $100 million (10.3 percent), respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. The increase in the third quarter of 2016 over
the same period of the prior year was primarily due to higher net revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense and an increase in the provision for credit losses. The increase in the first nine months of 2016 over the same period of the
prior year was primarily due to higher net revenue and a decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.   
 Net revenue increased $136 million (7.6 percent) in the third quarter and $145 million (2.7 percent) in the first nine months of 2016,
compared with the same periods of 2015. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased $53 million (4.6 percent) in the third quarter and $122 million (3.6 percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the
same periods of 2015. The increases were primarily due to higher average loan and deposit balances, partially offset by lower loan rates. Noninterest income increased $83 million (13.2 percent) in the third quarter and $23 million (1.2 percent)
in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, driven by higher mortgage banking revenue, reflecting the impact of higher origination and sales revenue in part due to refinancing activities in the marketplace. 
 Noninterest expense increased $26 million (2.1 percent) in the third quarter and $82 million (2.2 percent) in the first nine months of
2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, primarily due to higher net shared services expense and higher compensation expense, reflecting the impact of merit increases and increased staffing, partially offset by the impact of a prior year legal
matter. In addition, the increase in the first nine months of 2016 included higher professional services expense, principally due to compliance-related matters. The provision for credit losses increased $14 million (45.2 percent) in the third
quarter of 2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to an unfavorable change in the reserve allocation, partially offset by lower net charge-offs. The provision for credit losses decreased $96 million (81.4 percent) in the first
nine months of 2016, compared with the same period of 2015, primarily due to a favorable change in the reserve allocation driven by improvements in the mortgage portfolio and lower net charge-offs.  

Table of Contents  

Table 11     
 Line of Business Financial Performance        

*  
  Not meaningful     

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

    Wealth Management and Securities Services    Wealth Management and Securities Services provides private banking, financial advisory services, investment management, retail brokerage services, insurance, trust, custody and fund
servicing through five businesses: Wealth Management, Corporate Trust Services, U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, Institutional Trust   Custody and Fund Services. Wealth Management and Securities Services contributed
$95 million of the Company s net income in the third quarter and $274 million in the first nine months of 2016, or increases of $35 million (58.3 percent) and $99 million (56.6 percent), respectively, compared with
the same periods of 2015. The increases were primarily due to higher net revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.   
 Net revenue increased $80 million (17.5 percent) in the third quarter and $205 million (15.2 percent) in the first nine months of
2016, compared with the same periods of 2015. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased $45 million (50.0 percent) in the third quarter and $122 million (48.4 percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared
with the same periods of 2015. The increases were principally due to the impact of higher margin benefit from deposits. Noninterest income increased $35 million (9.5 percent) in the third quarter and $83 million (7.5 percent) in the
first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, reflecting the impact of lower money market fee waivers, growth in assets under management and improved market conditions.  
 Noninterest expense increased $27 million (7.5 percent) in the third quarter and $51 million (4.7 percent) in the first
nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015. The increases were primarily the result of higher compensation, reflecting the impact of merit increases and higher staffing.  
   Payment Services    Payment Services
includes consumer and business credit cards, stored-value cards, debit cards, corporate, government and purchasing card services, consumer lines of credit and merchant processing. Payment Services contributed $331 million of the Company s net
income in the third quarter and $951 million in the first nine months of 2016, or increases of $9 million (2.8 percent) and $110 million (13.1 percent), respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. The increases were due to higher
net revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense and provision for credit losses.     Net revenue increased
$92 million (6.8 percent) in the third quarter and $318 million (8.1 percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, increased $54 million
(11.2 percent) in the third quarter and $168 million (11.9 percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, primarily due to higher average loan balances and fees. Noninterest income increased $38 million
(4.3 percent) in the third quarter and $150 million (6.0 percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, due to increases in credit and debit card revenue on higher transaction volumes and increases
in merchant processing services as a result of increases in product fees and higher volumes. The increase in the first nine months of 2016 was further due to the sale of an equity investment.  
 Noninterest expense increased $50 million (7.6 percent) in the third quarter and $114 million (5.8 percent) in the first nine months
of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, reflecting higher compensation expense and net shared services expense, along with increased technology and communications expense, which was impacted by card portfolio acquisitions. The increase in
the first nine months of 2016 was partially offset by the impact of a regulatory item in the prior year. The provision for credit losses increased $28 million (15.6 percent) in the third quarter and $30 million (5.1 percent) in the first nine months
of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, primarily due to an unfavorable change in the reserve allocation and higher net charge-offs.     Treasury and Corporate Support    Treasury and Corporate Support includes the Company s investment portfolios, funding, capital
management, interest rate risk management, income taxes not allocated to the business lines, including most investments in tax-advantaged projects, and the residual aggregate of those expenses associated with corporate activities that are managed on
a consolidated basis. Treasury and Corporate Support recorded net income of $473 million in the third quarter and $1.5 billion in the first nine months of 2016, compared with $590 million and $1.8 billion in the same periods of 2015, respectively.
The $117 million (19.8 percent) decrease in the third quarter and $224 million (12.8 percent) decrease in the first nine months of 2016, compared to the same periods of the prior year, were due to decreases in net revenue and increases in
noninterest expense.     Net revenue decreased $118 million (14.4 percent) in the third quarter and $39 million (1.6
percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of 2015. Net interest income, on a taxable-equivalent basis, decreased $86 million (14.6 percent) in the third quarter and $171 million (9.6 percent) in the
first nine months of  

Table of Contents  

2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, principally due to the impact of higher margin benefits on deposits credited to the business lines and the issuance of long-term debt, partially
offset by growth in the investment portfolio. Noninterest income decreased $32 million (13.9 percent) in the third quarter of 2016, compared with the third quarter of 2015, mainly due to higher equity investment income in the prior year, partially
offset by the impact of the third quarter 2015 student loan market valuation adjustment. Noninterest income increased $132 million (21.9 percent) in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same period of 2015, mainly due to the Visa Europe
sale and the impact of the third quarter 2015 student loan market valuation adjustment, partially offset by lower equity investment income. 
 Noninterest expense increased $34 million (20.4 percent) in the third quarter and $242 million (54.5 percent) in the first nine months of
2016, compared with the same periods of 2015, principally due to higher compensation expense, reflecting the impact of merit increases and higher variable compensation along with increased staffing and higher costs related to investments in
tax-advantaged projects, partially offset by lower net shared services expenses. The increase in noninterest expense in the first nine months of 2016 was further due to an increase in reserves related to legal and regulatory matters and a charitable
contribution recorded in the second quarter of 2016. The provision for credit losses was $10 million higher in the third quarter and $11 million higher in the first nine months of 2016, compared with the same periods of the prior year, primarily due
to an unfavorable change in the reserve allocation.    Income taxes are assessed to each line of business at a managerial tax rate of
36.4 percent with the residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate included in Treasury and Corporate Support.  
    NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   
 In addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the Company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization
and adequacy, including:  

Tangible common equity to tangible assets,    

Tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets,    

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets estimated for the Basel III fully implemented standardized approach, and    

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets estimated for the Basel III fully implemented advanced approaches.    
 These capital measures are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand
unexpected market or economic conditions. Additionally, presentation of these measures allows investors, analysts and banking regulators to assess the Company s capital position relative to other financial services companies. These measures
differ from currently effective capital ratios defined by banking regulations principally in that the numerator of the currently effective ratios, which are subject to certain transitional provisions, temporarily excludes a portion of unrealized
gains and losses related to available-for-sale securities and retirement plan obligations, and includes a portion of capital related to intangible assets, other than MSRs. These capital measures are not defined in generally accepted accounting
principles ( GAAP ), or are not currently effective or defined in federal banking regulations. As a result, these capital measures disclosed by the Company may be considered non-GAAP financial measures.  
 The Company also discloses net interest income and related ratios and analysis on a taxable-equivalent basis, which may also be considered
non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. In addition,
certain performance measures, including the efficiency ratio and net interest margin utilize net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis.  
 There may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. As a result, the Company encourages readers to consider the consolidated
financial statements and other financial information contained in this report in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the Company s calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures:  

(1)  
  Includes goodwill related to certain investments in unconsolidated financial institutions per prescribed regulatory requirements.     

(2)  
  Includes net losses on cash flow hedges included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and other adjustments.         

(3)  
  Includes higher risk-weighting for unfunded loan commitments, investment securities, residential mortgages, MSRs and other adjustments.         

(4)  
  Primarily reflects higher risk-weighting for MSRs.         

(5)  
  Utilizes a tax rate of 35 percent for those assets and liabilities whose income or expense is not included for federal income tax purposes.         

Table of Contents  

     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company comply with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and conform to general
practices within the banking industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions. The Company s financial position and results of operations can be affected by these
estimates and assumptions, which are integral to understanding the Company s financial statements. Critical accounting policies are those policies management believes are the most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial
condition and results, and require management to make estimates that are difficult, subjective or complex. Most accounting policies are not considered by management to be critical accounting policies. Those policies considered to be critical
accounting policies relate to the allowance for credit losses, fair value estimates, purchased loans and related indemnification assets, MSRs, goodwill and other intangibles and income taxes. Management has discussed the development and the
selection of critical accounting policies with the Company s Audit Committee. These accounting policies are discussed in detail in  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Critical Accounting Policies  and the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 
31, 2015.       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act )). Based upon this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
   During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there was no change made in the Company s internal controls over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

Table of Contents  

    U.S. Bancorp  
 Consolidated Balance Sheet      

(a)  
  Includes only collateral pledged by the Company where counterparties have the right to sell or pledge the collateral.     
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents  

  U.S. Bancorp    Consolidated Statement of
Income      
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents  

  U.S. Bancorp    Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income        
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents  

  U.S. Bancorp    Consolidated Statement of
Shareholders  Equity      
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents  

  U.S. Bancorp    Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows      
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)      

Note 1     
 Basis of Presentation      The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the instructions to Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not include all information and notes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flow activity required in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. In the opinion of management of U.S. Bancorp (the  Company ), all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of results for the interim periods
have been made. These financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Certain
amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.    Accounting policies for the lines of business are
generally the same as those used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements with respect to activities specifically attributable to each business line. However, the preparation of business line results requires management to establish
methodologies to allocate funding costs, expenses and other financial elements to each line of business. Table 11  Line of Business Financial Performance  included in Management s Discussion and Analysis provides details of segment
results. This information is incorporated by reference into these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      

Note 2     
 Accounting Changes        Revenue Recognition    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued accounting guidance, originally effective for the Company on January 1, 2017, related to revenue recognition
from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the FASB delayed the effective date of this guidance by one year, resulting in it becoming effective for the Company on January 1, 2018.   
 This guidance amends certain currently existing revenue recognition accounting guidance and allows for either retrospective application to all
periods presented or a modified retrospective approach where the guidance would only be applied to existing contracts in effect at the adoption date and new contracts going forward. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance
under the modified retrospective approach and expects the adoption will not be material to its financial statements.      Accounting for Leases    In February 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance, effective for the Company on January 1, 2019, related
to the accounting for leases. This guidance will require lessees to recognize all leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as lease assets and lease liabilities, with lessor accounting being largely unchanged. This guidance also requires
additional disclosures regarding leasing arrangements. The Company expects the adoption of this guidance will not be material to its financial statements.   
   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses    In June 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance, effective for the Company on January 1, 2020, related to the impairment of financial instruments. This guidance changes existing impairment
recognition to a model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses, which is intended to result in more timely recognition of credit losses. This guidance is also intended to reduce the complexity of current accounting guidance by
decreasing the number of credit impairment models that entities use to account for debt instruments. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its financial statements.   

Table of Contents  

Note 3     
 Investment Securities      The amortized cost, other-than-temporary impairment recorded in other comprehensive
income (loss), gross unrealized holding gains and losses, and fair value of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale investment securities were as follows:      

(a)  
  Held-to-maturity investment securities are carried at historical cost or at fair value at the time of transfer from the available-for-sale to held-to-maturity category, adjusted for amortization of premiums and
accretion of discounts and credit-related other-than-temporary impairment.     

(b)  
  Available-for-sale investment securities are carried at fair value with unrealized net gains or losses reported within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders  equity.

(c)  
  Prime securities are those designated as such by the issuer at origination. When an issuer designation is unavailable, the Company determines at acquisition date the categorization based on asset pool characteristics
(such as weighted-average credit score, loan-to-value, loan type, prevalence of low documentation loans) and deal performance (such as pool delinquencies and security market spreads). When the Company determines the designation, prime securities
typically have a weighted-average credit score of 725 or higher and a loan-to-value of 80 percent or lower; however, other pool characteristics may result in designations that deviate from these credit score and loan-to-value
thresholds.         

(d)  
  Includes all securities not meeting the conditions to be designated as prime.         

(e)  
  Represents impairment not related to credit for those investment securities that have been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired.         

(f)  
  Represents unrealized losses on investment securities that have not been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired.         
 The weighted-average maturity of the available-for-sale investment securities was 4.2 years at September 30, 2016, compared with 4.7 years at
December 31, 2015. The corresponding weighted-average yields were 2.09 percent and 2.21 percent, respectively. The weighted-average maturity of the held-to-maturity investment securities was 3.8 years at September 30, 2016, and 4.2 years at December
31, 2015. The corresponding weighted-average yields were 1.90 percent and 1.92 percent, respectively.    For amortized cost, fair value and
yield by maturity date of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale investment securities outstanding at September 30, 2016, refer to Table 4 included in Management s Discussion and Analysis, which is incorporated by reference into these Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.        Investment securities with a fair value of $11.4 billion at September 30,
2016, and $13.1 billion at December 31, 2015, were pledged to secure public, private and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes required by contractual obligation or law. Included in these amounts were securities where the
Company and certain counterparties have agreements granting the counterparties the right to sell or pledge the securities. Investment securities securing these types of arrangements had a fair value of $840 million at September 30, 2016, and $1.0
billion at December 31, 2015.      

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides information about the amount of interest income from taxable and non-taxable
investment securities:      
   The following table provides information about the amount of gross gains and losses realized through the sales of
available-for-sale investment securities:      
   The Company conducts a regular assessment of its investment securities with unrealized losses to determine
whether investment securities are other-than-temporarily impaired considering, among other factors, the nature of the investment securities, the credit ratings or financial condition of the issuer, the extent and duration of the unrealized loss,
expected cash flows of underlying collateral, the existence of any government or agency guarantees, market conditions and whether the Company intends to sell or it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the investment
securities. The Company determines other-than-temporary impairment recorded in earnings for debt securities not intended to be sold by estimating the future cash flows of each individual investment security, using market information where available,
and discounting the cash flows at the original effective rate of the investment security. Other-than-temporary impairment recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) is measured as the difference between that discounted amount and the fair value
of each investment security. The total amount of other-than-temporary impairment recorded was immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 Changes in the credit losses on debt securities are summarized as follows:      

(a)  
  Primarily represents principal losses allocated to mortgage and asset-backed securities in the Company s portfolio under the terms of the securitization transaction documents.     

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, certain investment securities had a fair value below amortized cost. The following table
shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s investment securities with unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual investment securities have been in continuous unrealized loss
positions, at September 30, 2016:      

(a)  
  The Company had $7 million of unrealized losses on residential non-agency mortgage-backed securities. Credit-related other-than-temporary impairment on these securities may occur if there is further deterioration in
the underlying collateral pool performance. Borrower defaults may increase if economic conditions worsen. Additionally, deterioration in home prices may increase the severity of projected losses.     

(b)  
  Prime securities are those designated as such by the issuer at origination. When an issuer designation is unavailable, the Company determines at acquisition date the categorization based on asset pool characteristics
(such as weighted-average credit score, loan-to-value, loan type, prevalence of low documentation loans) and deal performance (such as pool delinquencies and security market spreads).     

(c)  
  Includes all securities not meeting the conditions to be designated as prime.       The
Company does not consider these unrealized losses to be credit-related. These unrealized losses primarily relate to changes in interest rates and market spreads subsequent to purchase. A substantial portion of investment securities that have
unrealized losses are either corporate debt issued with high investment grade credit ratings or agency mortgage-backed securities. In general, the issuers of the investment securities are contractually prohibited from prepayment at less than par,
and the Company did not pay significant purchase premiums for these investment securities. At September 30, 2016, the Company had no plans to sell investment securities with unrealized losses, and believes it is more likely than not it would not be
required to sell such investment securities before recovery of their amortized cost.  

Table of Contents  

Note 4     
 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses      The composition of the loan portfolio, disaggregated by class and
underlying specific portfolio type, was as follows:      
   The Company had loans of $83.9 billion at September 30, 2016, and $78.1 billion at December 31, 2015,
pledged at the Federal Home Loan Bank, and loans of $65.2 billion at September 30, 2016, and $63.4 billion at December 31, 2015, pledged at the Federal Reserve Bank.  
 Originated loans are reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of unearned interest and deferred fees and costs. Net unearned interest
and deferred fees and costs amounted to $626 million at September 30, 2016, and $550 million at December 31, 2015. All purchased loans and related indemnification assets are recorded at fair value at the date of purchase. The Company
evaluates purchased loans for impairment at the date of purchase in accordance with applicable authoritative accounting guidance. Purchased loans with evidence of credit deterioration since origination for which it is probable that all contractually
required payments will not be collected are considered  purchased impaired loans.  All other purchased loans are considered  purchased nonimpaired loans.   
 Changes in the accretable balance for purchased impaired loans were as follows:      

(a)  
  Primarily relates to changes in expected credit performance.         Allowance for Credit Losses    The allowance for credit losses is established for probable and estimable losses incurred in the
Company s loan and lease portfolio, including unfunded credit commitments, and includes certain amounts that do not represent loss exposure to the Company because those losses are recoverable under loss sharing agreements with the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ). The allowance for credit losses is increased through provisions charged to operating earnings and reduced by net charge-offs. Management evaluates the allowance each quarter to ensure it
appropriately reserves for incurred losses.     The allowance recorded for loans in the commercial lending segment is based on reviews
of individual credit relationships and considers the migration analysis of commercial lending segment loans and actual loss experience. In  

Table of Contents  

the migration analysis applied to risk rated loan portfolios, the Company currently examines up to a 15-year period of loss experience. For each loan type, this historical loss experience is
adjusted as necessary to consider any relevant changes in portfolio composition, lending policies, underwriting standards, risk management practices or economic conditions. The results of the analysis are evaluated quarterly to confirm an
appropriate historical time frame is selected for each commercial loan type. The allowance recorded for impaired loans greater than $5 million in the commercial lending segment is based on an individual loan analysis utilizing expected cash
flows discounted using the original effective interest rate, the observable market price of the loan, or the fair value of the collateral, less selling costs, for collateral-dependent loans, rather than the migration analysis. The allowance recorded
for all other commercial lending segment loans is determined on a homogenous pool basis and includes consideration of product mix, risk characteristics of the portfolio, bankruptcy experience, portfolio growth and historical losses, adjusted for
current trends. The Company also considers the impacts of any loan modifications made to commercial lending segment loans and any subsequent payment defaults to its expectations of cash flows, principal balance, and current expectations about the
borrower s ability to pay in determining the allowance for credit losses.    The allowance recorded for Troubled Debt Restructuring
( TDR ) loans and purchased impaired loans in the consumer lending segment is determined on a homogenous pool basis utilizing expected cash flows discounted using the original effective interest rate of the pool, or the prior quarter
effective rate, respectively. The allowance for collateral-dependent loans in the consumer lending segment is determined based on the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. The allowance recorded for all other consumer lending segment
loans is determined on a homogenous pool basis and includes consideration of product mix, risk characteristics of the portfolio, bankruptcy experience, delinquency status, refreshed loan-to-value ratios when possible, portfolio growth and historical
losses, adjusted for current trends. The Company also considers any modifications made to consumer lending segment loans including the impacts of any subsequent payment defaults since modification in determining the allowance for credit losses, such
as the borrower s ability to pay under the restructured terms, and the timing and amount of payments.    The allowance for the covered
loan segment is evaluated each quarter in a manner similar to that described for non-covered loans and reflects decreases in expected cash flows of those loans after the acquisition date. The provision for credit losses for covered loans considers
the indemnification provided by the FDIC.    In addition, subsequent payment defaults on loan modifications considered TDRs are considered
in the underlying factors used in the determination of the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses. For each loan segment, the Company estimates future loan charge-offs through a variety of analysis, trends and underlying assumptions.
With respect to the commercial lending segment, TDRs may be collectively evaluated for impairment where observed performance history, including defaults, is a primary driver of the loss allocation. For commercial TDRs individually evaluated for
impairment, attributes of the borrower are the primary factors in determining the allowance for credit losses. However, historical loss experience is also incorporated into the allowance methodology applied to this category of loans. With respect to
the consumer lending segment, performance of the portfolio, including defaults on TDRs, is considered when estimating future cash flows.  
 The Company s methodology for determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses for each loan segment also considers the
imprecision inherent in the methodologies used. As a result, in addition to the amounts determined under the methodologies described above, management also considers the potential impact of other qualitative factors which include, but are not
limited to, economic factors; geographic and other concentration risks; delinquency and nonaccrual trends; current business conditions; changes in lending policy, underwriting standards, internal review and other relevant business practices; and the
regulatory environment. The consideration of these items results in adjustments to allowance amounts included in the Company s allowance for credit losses for each of the above loan segments.  
 The Company also assesses the credit risk associated with off-balance sheet loan commitments, letters of credit, and derivatives. Credit risk
associated with derivatives is reflected in the fair values recorded for those positions. The liability for off-balance sheet credit exposure related to loan commitments and other credit guarantees is included in other liabilities. Because business
processes and credit risks associated with unfunded credit commitments are essentially the same as for loans, the Company utilizes similar processes to estimate its liability for unfunded credit commitments.  

Table of Contents  

  Activity in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio class was as follows:  

(a)  
  Includes net changes in credit losses to be reimbursed by the FDIC and reductions in the allowance for covered loans where the reversal of a previously recorded allowance was offset by an associated decrease in the
indemnification asset, and the impact of any loan sales.         

(a)  
  Includes net changes in credit losses to be reimbursed by the FDIC and reductions in the allowance for covered loans where the reversal of a previously recorded allowance was offset by an associated decrease in
the indemnification asset, and the impact of any loan sales.     

Table of Contents  

  Additional detail of the allowance for credit losses by portfolio class was as follows:  

(a)  
  Represents the allowance for credit losses related to loans greater than $5 million classified as nonperforming or TDRs.     
 Additional detail of loan balances by portfolio class was as follows:      

(a)  
  Represents loans greater than $5 million classified as nonperforming or TDRs.     

(b)  
  Includes expected reimbursements from the FDIC under loss sharing agreements.         Credit Quality    The credit quality of the Company s loan portfolios is assessed as a function of net credit losses, levels of
nonperforming assets and delinquencies, and credit quality ratings as defined by the Company.     For all loan classes, loans are
considered past due based on the number of days delinquent except for monthly amortizing loans which are classified delinquent based upon the number of contractually required payments not made (for example, two missed payments is considered 30 days
delinquent). When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, unpaid accrued interest is reversed, reducing interest income in the current period.  
 Commercial lending segment loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when the collection of principal and interest has become 90 days
past due or is otherwise considered doubtful. Commercial lending segment loans are generally fully or partially charged down to the fair value of the collateral securing the loan, less costs to sell, when the loan is placed on nonaccrual.  
 Consumer lending segment loans are generally charged-off at a specific number of days or payments past due. Residential mortgages and other
retail loans secured by 1-4 family properties are generally charged down to the fair value of the collateral securing the loan, less costs to sell, at 180 days past due, and placed on nonaccrual status in instances where a partial charge-off occurs
unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. Loans and lines in a junior lien position secured by 1-4 family properties are placed on nonaccrual status at 120 days past due or when they are behind a first lien that has become
180 days or greater past due or placed on nonaccrual status. Any secured consumer lending segment loan whose borrower has had debt discharged through bankruptcy, for which the loan amount exceeds the fair value of the collateral, is charged down to
the fair value of the related collateral and the remaining balance is placed on nonaccrual status. Credit card loans continue to accrue interest until the account is charged off. Credit cards are charged off at 180 days past due. Other retail loans
not secured by 1-4 family properties are charged-off at 120 days past due; and revolving consumer lines are charged off at 180 days past due. Similar to credit cards, other retail loans are generally not placed on nonaccrual status because of the
relative short period of time to charge-off. Certain retail customers having financial difficulties may have the terms of their credit card and other loan agreements modified to require only principal payments and, as such, are reported as
nonaccrual.  

Table of Contents  

  For all loan classes, interest payments received on nonaccrual loans are generally recorded as a
reduction to a loan s carrying amount while a loan is on nonaccrual and are recognized as interest income upon payoff of the loan. However, interest income may be recognized for interest payments if the remaining carrying amount of the loan is
believed to be collectible. In certain circumstances, loans in any class may be restored to accrual status, such as when a loan has demonstrated sustained repayment performance or no amounts are past due and prospects for future payment are no
longer in doubt; or when the loan becomes well secured and is in the process of collection. Loans where there has been a partial charge-off may be returned to accrual status if all principal and interest (including amounts previously charged-off) is
expected to be collected and the loan is current.    Covered loans not considered to be purchased impaired are evaluated for delinquency,
nonaccrual status and charge-off consistent with the class of loan they would be included in had the loss share coverage not been in place. Generally, purchased impaired loans are considered accruing loans. However, the timing and amount of future
cash flows for some loans is not reasonably estimable, and those loans are classified as nonaccrual loans with interest income not recognized until the timing and amount of the future cash flows can be reasonably estimated.  
 The following table provides a summary of loans by portfolio class, including the delinquency status of those that continue to accrue interest, and those that
are nonperforming:      

(a)  
  At September 30, 2016, $307 million of loans 30 89 days past due and $2.4 billion of loans 90 days or more past due purchased from Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ) mortgage pools
whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs, were classified as current, compared with $320 million and $2.9 billion at December 31, 2015, respectively.
      At September 30, 2016, the amount of foreclosed residential real estate held by the Company, and included in other real
estate owned ( OREO ), was $229 million ($201 million excluding covered assets), compared with $282 million ($250 million excluding covered assets) at December 31, 2015. This excludes $397 million and $535 million at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, of foreclosed residential real estate related to mortgage loans whose payments are primarily insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans
Affairs. In addition, the amount of residential mortgage loans secured by residential real estate in the process of foreclosure at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, was $2.2 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively, of which
$1.6 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively, related to loans purchased from Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ) mortgage pools whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the
Department of Veterans Affairs.    The Company classifies its loan portfolios using internal credit quality ratings on a quarterly basis.
These ratings include: pass, special mention and classified, and are an important part of the Company s overall credit risk management process and evaluation of the allowance for credit losses. Loans with a pass rating represent those not
classified on the Company s rating scale for problem credits, as minimal credit risk has been identified. Special mention loans are those that have a potential weakness deserving management s close attention. Classified loans are those
where a well-defined weakness has been identified that may put full collection of contractual cash flows at risk. It is possible that others, given the same information, may reach different reasonable conclusions regarding the credit quality rating
classification of specific loans.  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides a summary of loans by portfolio class and the Company s internal credit
quality rating:      

(a)  
  Classified rating on consumer loans primarily based on delinquency status.     

(b)  
  At September 30, 2016, $1.4 billion of energy loans ($3.2 billion of total outstanding commitments) had a special mention or classified rating, compared with $1.1 billion of energy loans ($1.9 billion of total
outstanding commitments) at December 31, 2015.     

(c)  
  At September 30, 2016, $2.4 billion of GNMA loans 90 days or more past due and $1.3 billion of restructured GNMA loans whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the
Department of Veterans Affairs were classified with a pass rating, compared with $2.9 billion and $1.9 billion at December 31, 2015, respectively.     
 For all loan classes, a loan is considered to be impaired when, based on current events or information, it is probable the Company will be
unable to collect all amounts due per the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans include all nonaccrual and TDR loans. For all loan classes, interest income on TDR loans is recognized under the modified terms and conditions if the
borrower has demonstrated repayment performance at a level commensurate with the modified terms over several payment cycles. Interest income is generally not recognized on other impaired loans until the loan is paid off. However, interest income may
be recognized for interest payments if the remaining carrying amount of the loan is believed to be collectible.    Factors used by the
Company in determining whether all principal and interest payments due on commercial and commercial real estate loans will be collected and, therefore, whether those loans are impaired include, but are not limited to, the financial condition of the
borrower, collateral and/or guarantees on the loan, and the borrower s estimated future ability to pay based on industry, geographic location and certain financial ratios. The evaluation of impairment on residential mortgages, credit card loans
and other retail loans is primarily driven by delinquency status of individual loans or whether a loan has been modified, and considers any government guarantee where applicable. Individual covered loans, whose future losses are covered by loss
sharing agreements with the FDIC that substantially reduce the risk of credit losses to the Company, are evaluated for impairment and accounted for in a manner consistent with the class of loan they would have been included in had the loss sharing
coverage not been in place.  

Table of Contents  

  A summary of impaired loans, which include all nonaccrual and TDR loans, by portfolio class was as follows:  

Additional information on impaired loans follows:      
     Troubled Debt Restructurings    In certain circumstances, the Company may modify the terms of a loan to maximize the collection of amounts due when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties or is expected to experience
difficulties in the near-term. Concessionary modifications are classified as TDRs unless the modification results in only an insignificant delay in payments to be received. The Company recognizes interest on TDRs if the borrower complies with the
revised terms and conditions as agreed upon with the Company and has demonstrated repayment performance at a level commensurate with the modified terms over several payment cycles, which is generally six months or greater. To the extent a previous
restructuring was insignificant, the Company considers the cumulative effect of past restructurings related to the receivable when determining whether a current restructuring is a TDR. Loans classified as TDRs are considered impaired loans for
reporting and measurement purposes.   

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides a summary of loans modified as TDRs during the periods presented by portfolio
class:      
   Residential mortgages, home equity and second mortgages, and loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools in the
table above include trial period arrangements offered to customers during the periods presented. The post-modification balances for these loans reflect the current outstanding balance until a permanent modification is made. In addition, the
post-modification balances typically include capitalization of unpaid accrued interest and/or fees under the various modification programs. For those loans modified as TDRs during the third quarter of 2016, at September 30, 2016,
526 residential mortgages, 7 home equity and second mortgage loans and 510 loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools with outstanding balances of $50 million, less than $1 million and $68 million, respectively, were in a trial period and
have estimated post-modification balances of $64 million, less than $1 million and $67 million, respectively, assuming permanent modification occurs at the end of the trial period.  
 The Company has implemented certain restructuring programs that may result in TDRs. However, many of the Company s TDRs are also
determined on a case-by-case basis in connection with ongoing loan collection processes.    For the commercial lending segment,
modifications generally result in the Company working with borrowers on a case-by-case basis. Commercial and commercial real estate modifications generally include extensions of the maturity date and may be accompanied by an increase or decrease to
the interest rate, which may not be deemed a market rate of interest. In addition, the Company may work with the borrower in identifying other changes that mitigate loss to the Company, which may include additional collateral or guarantees to
support the loan. To a lesser extent, the Company may waive contractual principal. The Company classifies all of the above concessions as TDRs to the extent the Company determines that the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty.  
 Modifications for the consumer lending segment are generally part of programs the Company has initiated. The Company participates in the U.S.
Department of Treasury Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ). HAMP gives qualifying homeowners an opportunity to permanently modify residential mortgage loans and achieve more affordable monthly payments, with the U.S. Department
of Treasury compensating the Company for a portion of the reduction in monthly amounts due from borrowers participating in this program. The Company also modifies residential mortgage loans under Federal Housing Administration, Department of
Veterans Affairs, or its own internal programs. Under these programs, the Company provides concessions to qualifying borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. The concessions may include adjustments to interest rates, conversion of adjustable
rates to fixed rates, extension of maturity dates or deferrals of payments, capitalization of accrued interest and/or outstanding advances, or in limited situations, partial forgiveness of loan principal. In most instances, participation in
residential mortgage loan restructuring programs requires the customer to complete a short-term trial period. A permanent loan modification is contingent on the customer successfully completing the trial period arrangement and the loan documents are
not modified until that time. The Company reports loans in a trial period arrangement as TDRs and continues to report them as TDRs after the trial period.  

Table of Contents  

  Credit card and other retail loan TDRs are generally part of distinct restructuring programs
providing customers experiencing financial difficulty with modifications whereby balances may be amortized up to 60 months, and generally include waiver of fees and reduced interest rates.  
 In addition, the Company considers secured loans to consumer borrowers that have debt discharged through bankruptcy where the borrower has not
reaffirmed the debt to be TDRs.    Modifications to loans in the covered segment are similar in nature to that described above for
non-covered loans, and the evaluation and determination of TDR status is similar, except that acquired loans restructured after acquisition are not considered TDRs for accounting and disclosure purposes if the loans evidenced credit deterioration as
of the acquisition date and are accounted for in pools. Losses associated with the modification on covered loans, including the economic impact of interest rate reductions, are generally eligible for reimbursement under loss sharing agreements with
the FDIC.    The following table provides a summary of TDR loans that defaulted (fully or partially charged-off or became 90 days or more past due)
during the periods presented that were modified as TDRs within 12 months previous to default:      
   In addition to the defaults in the table above, the Company had a total of 382 and 1,288 residential mortgage
loans, home equity and second mortgage loans and loans purchased from GNMA mortgage pools for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, where borrowers did not successfully complete the trial period arrangement and,
therefore, are no longer eligible for a permanent modification under the applicable modification program. These loans had aggregate outstanding balances of $48 million and $178 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively.      Covered Assets
   Covered assets represent loans and other assets acquired from the FDIC, subject to loss sharing agreements, and include expected reimbursements from the FDIC. The carrying amount
of the covered assets consisted of purchased impaired loans, purchased nonimpaired loans and other assets as shown in the following table:       

(a)  
  Relates to loss sharing agreements with remaining terms up to three years.     

(b)  
  Represents decreases in expected reimbursements by the FDIC as a result of decreases in expected losses on the covered loans. These amounts are amortized as a reduction in interest income on covered loans over the
shorter of the expected life of the respective covered loans or the remaining contractual term of the indemnification agreements.     

Table of Contents  

  Interest income is recognized on purchased impaired loans through accretion of the difference
between the carrying amount of those loans and their expected cash flows. The initial determination of the fair value of the purchased loans includes the impact of expected credit losses and, therefore, no allowance for credit losses is recorded at
the purchase date. To the extent credit deterioration occurs after the date of acquisition, the Company records an allowance for credit losses.      

Note 5     
 Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Variable Interest Entities      The Company
transfers financial assets in the normal course of business. The majority of the Company s financial asset transfers are residential mortgage loan sales primarily to government-sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ), transfers of
tax-advantaged investments, commercial loan sales through participation agreements, and other individual or portfolio loan and securities sales. In accordance with the accounting guidance for asset transfers, the Company considers any ongoing
involvement with transferred assets in determining whether the assets can be derecognized from the balance sheet. Guarantees provided to certain third parties in connection with the transfer of assets are further discussed in Note 15. 
 For loans sold under participation agreements, the Company also considers whether the terms of the loan participation agreement meet the
accounting definition of a participating interest. With the exception of servicing and certain performance-based guarantees, the Company s continuing involvement with financial assets sold is minimal and generally limited to market customary
representation and warranty clauses. Any gain or loss on sale depends on the previous carrying amount of the transferred financial assets, the consideration received, and any liabilities incurred in exchange for the transferred assets. Upon
transfer, any servicing assets and other interests that continue to be held by the Company are initially recognized at fair value. For further information on mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ), refer to Note 6. On a limited basis, the
Company may acquire and package high-grade corporate bonds for select corporate customers, in which the Company generally has no continuing involvement with these transactions. Additionally, the Company is an authorized GNMA issuer and issues GNMA
securities on a regular basis. The Company has no other asset securitizations or similar asset-backed financing arrangements that are off-balance sheet.  
 Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted accounting guidance, issued by the FASB in February 2015, relating to the analysis
required by organizations to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements, and specifically excludes registered money market
funds from the consolidation analysis. The Company provides financial support primarily through the use of waivers of management fees associated with various registered money market funds it manages, which are excluded from the consolidation
analysis. The Company provided $9 million and $28 million of support to the funds during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $35 million and $86 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.   The Company is involved in various entities that are considered to be variable interest entities ( VIEs ). The
Company s investments in VIEs are primarily related to investments promoting affordable housing, community development and renewable energy sources. Some of these tax-advantaged investments support the Company s regulatory compliance with
the Community Reinvestment Act. The Company s investments in these entities generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits, and other tax benefits, such as tax deductions from operating losses of the
investments, over specified time periods. These tax credits are recognized as a reduction of tax expense or, for investments qualifying as investment tax credits, as a reduction to the related investment asset. The Company recognized federal and
state income tax credits related to its affordable housing and other tax-advantaged investments in tax expense of $172 million and $174 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $504 million and $512
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company also recognized $219 million and $340 million of investment tax credits for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $850
million and $624 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company recognized $169 million of expenses related to all of these investments for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
of which $61 million and $67 million, respectively, was included in tax expense and the remainder was included in noninterest expense. The Company recognized $476 million and $471 million of expenses related to all of these investments for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $194 million and $198 million, respectively, was included in tax expense and the remainder was included in noninterest expense.  

Table of Contents  

  The Company is not required to consolidate VIEs in which it has concluded it does not have a
controlling financial interest, and thus is not the primary beneficiary. In such cases, the Company does not have both the power to direct the entities  most significant activities and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive
benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs.   The Company s investments in these unconsolidated VIEs are carried in
other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company s unfunded capital and other commitments related to these unconsolidated VIEs are generally carried in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company s maximum
exposure to loss from these unconsolidated VIEs include the investment recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet, net of unfunded capital commitments, and previously recorded tax credits which remain subject to recapture by taxing
authorities based on compliance features required to be met at the project level. While the Company believes potential losses from these investments are remote, the maximum exposure was determined by assuming a scenario where the community-based
business and housing projects completely fail and do not meet certain government compliance requirements resulting in recapture of the related tax credits.  
 The following table provides a summary of investments in community development and tax-advantaged VIEs that the Company has not consolidated:  
   
   The Company also has noncontrolling financial investments in private investment funds and partnerships
considered to be VIEs, which are not consolidated. The Company s recorded investment in these entities, carried in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, was approximately $27 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $32
million at December 31, 2015. The maximum exposure to loss related to these VIEs was $51 million at September 30, 2016 and $47 million at December 31, 2015, representing the Company s investment balance and its unfunded
commitments to invest additional amounts.   The Company s individual net investments in unconsolidated VIEs, which exclude any unfunded
capital commitments, ranged from less than $1 million to $42 million at September 30, 2016, compared with less than $1 million to $46 million at December 31, 2015. 
 The Company is required to consolidate VIEs in which it has concluded it has a controlling financial interest. The Company sponsors entities
to which it transfers its interests in tax-advantaged investments to third parties. At September 30, 2016, approximately $3.4 billion of the Company s assets and $2.5 billion of its liabilities included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
were related to community development and tax-advantaged investment VIEs which the Company has consolidated, primarily related to these transfers. These amounts compared to $3.0 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2015. The
majority of the assets of these consolidated VIEs are reported in other assets, and the liabilities are reported in long-term debt and other liabilities. The assets of a particular VIE are the primary source of funds to settle its obligations. The
creditors of the VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company. The Company s exposure to the consolidated VIEs is generally limited to the carrying value of its variable interests plus any related tax credits previously
recognized or transferred to others with a guarantee.    The Company also sponsors a conduit to which it previously transferred high-grade
investment securities. The Company consolidates the conduit because of its ability to manage the activities of the conduit. At September 30, 2016, $27 million of the held-to-maturity investment securities on the Company s Consolidated
Balance Sheet were related to the conduit, compared with $28 million at December 31, 2015.    In addition, the Company sponsors a municipal
bond securities tender option bond program. The Company controls the activities of the program s entities, is entitled to the residual returns and provides credit, liquidity and remarketing arrangements to the program. As a result, the Company
has consolidated the program s entities. At September 30, 2016, $1.1 billion of available-for-sale investment securities and $1.0 billion of short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheet were related to the tender option bond
program, compared with $2.3 billion of available-for-sale investment securities and $2.2 billion of short-term borrowings at December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents  

Note 6     
 Mortgage Servicing Rights      The Company serviced $232.1 billion of residential mortgage loans for others at
September 30, 2016, and $231.8 billion at December 31, 2015, which include subserviced mortgages with no corresponding MSRs asset. The net impact included in mortgage banking revenue of fair value changes of MSRs due to changes in valuation
assumptions and derivatives used to economically hedge MSRs were net gains of $25 million and $12 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and net losses of $7 million and net gains of $18 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Loan servicing and ancillary fees, not including valuation changes, included in mortgage banking revenue were $191 million and $182 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and $562 million and $539 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Changes in fair value of
capitalized MSRs are summarized as follows:      

(a)  
  Includes changes in MSR value associated with changes in market interest rates, including estimated prepayment rates and anticipated earnings on escrow deposits.     

(b)  
  Includes changes in MSR value not caused by changes in market interest rates, such as changes in cost to service, ancillary income, and discount rate, as well as the impact of any model changes.

(c)  
  Primarily represents changes due to realization of expected cash flows over time (decay).       The
estimated sensitivity to changes in interest rates of the fair value of the MSRs portfolio and the related derivative instruments was as follows:      
   The fair value of MSRs and their sensitivity to changes in interest rates is influenced by the mix of the
servicing portfolio and characteristics of each segment of the portfolio. The Company s servicing portfolio consists of the distinct portfolios of government-insured mortgages, conventional mortgages and Housing Finance Agency ( HFA )
mortgages. The servicing portfolios are predominantly comprised of fixed-rate agency loans with limited adjustable-rate or jumbo mortgage loans. The HFA division specializes in servicing loans made under state and local housing authority programs.
These programs provide mortgages to low-income and moderate-income borrowers and are generally government-insured programs with a favorable rate subsidy, down payment and/or closing cost assistance. 
 A summary of the Company s MSRs and related characteristics by portfolio was as follows:  

(a)  
  Represents principal balance of mortgages having corresponding MSR asset.     

(b)  
  Value is calculated as fair value divided by the servicing portfolio.     

(c)  
  Represents loans sold primarily to GSEs.     

Table of Contents  

Note 7     
 Preferred Stock      At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had authority to issue 50 million
shares of preferred stock. The number of shares issued and outstanding and the carrying amount of each outstanding series of the Company s preferred stock were as follows:  

Note 8     
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)      Shareholders  equity is affected by transactions and
valuations of asset and liability positions that require adjustments to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The reconciliation of the transactions affecting accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) included in shareholders 
equity is as follows:      

(a)  
  Represents the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Company s investment in foreign operations and related hedges.     

Table of Contents  

(a)  
  Represents the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Company s investment in foreign operations and related hedges.     
 Additional detail about the impact to net income for items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and into earnings, is as follows:

Table of Contents  

Note 9     
 Earnings Per Share      The components of earnings per share were:    

(a)  
  Represents the difference between the carrying amount and amount paid by the Company to purchase third party investor holdings of the preferred stock of USB Realty Corp, a consolidated subsidiary of the
Company.      Options outstanding at September 30, 2016, to purchase 1 million common shares for the three months and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, and outstanding at September 30, 2015, to purchase 1 million common shares for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because
they were antidilutive.      

Note 10     
 Employee Benefits      The components of net periodic benefit cost for the Company s retirement plans were:

The components of income tax expense were: 

Table of Contents  

  A reconciliation of expected income tax expense at the federal statutory rate of 35 percent to the
Company s applicable income tax expense follows:      

(a)  
  Includes the resolution of certain tax matters with taxing authorities in the first quarter of 2015.         
 The Company s income tax returns are subject to review and examination by federal, state, local and foreign government authorities. On an
ongoing basis, numerous federal, state, local and foreign examinations are in progress and cover multiple tax years. As of September 30, 2016, the federal taxing authority has completed its examination of the Company through the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2010. The years open to examination by foreign, state and local government authorities vary by jurisdiction.    The
Company s net deferred tax liability was $1.2 billion at September 30, 2016, and $1.5 billion at December 31, 2015.      

Note 12     
 Derivative Instruments      In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into derivative transactions to
manage various risks and to accommodate the business requirements of its customers. The Company recognizes all derivatives on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value in other assets or in other liabilities. On the date the Company enters into a
derivative contract, the derivative is designated as either a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge, net investment hedge, or a designation is not made as it is a customer-related transaction, an economic hedge for asset/liability risk management
purposes or another stand-alone derivative created through the Company s operations ( free-standing derivative ). When a derivative is designated as a fair value, cash flow or net investment hedge, the Company performs an assessment,
at inception and, at a minimum, quarterly thereafter, to determine the effectiveness of the derivative in offsetting changes in the value or cash flows of the hedged item(s).  
   Fair Value Hedges      These
derivatives are interest rate swaps the Company uses to hedge the change in fair value related to interest rate changes of its underlying fixed-rate debt. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges, and changes in the
fair value of the hedged items, are recorded in earnings. All fair value hedges were highly effective for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the change in fair value attributed to hedge ineffectiveness was not material.
      Cash Flow
Hedges      These derivatives are interest rate swaps the Company uses to hedge the forecasted cash flows from its underlying variable-rate debt. Changes in the fair value
of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) until the cash flows of the hedged items are realized. If a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge is terminated or ceases to be highly effective,
the gain or loss in other comprehensive income (loss) is amortized to earnings over the period the forecasted hedged transactions impact earnings. If a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable, hedge accounting is ceased and any gain or
loss included in other comprehensive income (loss) is reported in earnings immediately, unless the forecasted transaction is at least reasonably possible of occurring, whereby the amounts remain within other comprehensive income (loss). At
September 30, 2016, the Company had $96 million (net-of-tax) of realized and unrealized losses on derivatives classified as cash flow hedges recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), compared with $67 million (net-of-tax) of realized and
unrealized losses at December 31, 2015. The estimated amount to be reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the remainder of 2016 and the next 12 months are losses of $12 million (net-of-tax) and
$34 million (net-of-tax), respectively. This amount includes gains and losses related to hedges that were terminated early for which the forecasted transactions are still probable. All cash flow hedges were highly effective for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the change in fair value attributed to hedge ineffectiveness was not material.   

Table of Contents  

    Net Investment Hedges      The Company uses forward commitments to sell specified amounts of certain foreign currencies, and occasionally non-derivative debt instruments, to hedge the volatility of its
investment in foreign businesses driven by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The ineffectiveness on all net investment hedges was not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no non-derivative
debt instruments designated as net investment hedges at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.       Other Derivative Positions      The Company enters into free-standing derivatives to mitigate interest rate risk and for other
risk management purposes. These derivatives include forward commitments to sell to-be-announced securities ( TBAs ) and other commitments to sell residential mortgage loans, which are used to economically hedge the interest rate risk
related to residential mortgage loans held for sale ( MLHFS ) and unfunded mortgage loan commitments. The Company also enters into interest rate swaps, forward commitments to buy TBAs, U.S. Treasury and Eurodollar futures and options on
U.S. Treasury futures to economically hedge the change in the fair value of the Company s MSRs. The Company also enters into foreign currency forwards to economically hedge remeasurement gains and losses the Company recognizes on foreign
currency denominated assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company acts as a seller and buyer of interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts for its customers. The Company mitigates the market and liquidity risk associated with these
customer derivatives by entering into similar offsetting positions with broker-dealers, or on a portfolio basis by entering into other derivative or non-derivative financial instruments that partially or fully offset the exposure from these
customer-related positions. The Company s customer derivatives and related hedges are monitored and reviewed by the Company s Market Risk Committee, which establishes policies for market risk management, including exposure limits for each
portfolio. The Company also has derivative contracts that are created through its operations, including commitments to originate MLHFS and swap agreements related to the sale of a portion of its Class B common shares of Visa Inc. Refer to Note 14
for further information on these swap agreements.     For additional information on the Company s purpose for entering into
derivative transactions and its overall risk management strategies, refer to  Management Discussion and Analysis   Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate and Other Risks , which is incorporated by reference into these Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the asset and liability management derivative positions of the Company:  

(a)  
  Includes short-term underwriting purchase and sale commitments with total asset and liability notional values of $285 million and $36 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and derivative
liability swap agreements related to the sale of a portion of the Company s Class B common shares of Visa Inc. The Visa swap agreements had a total notional value, fair value and weighted average remaining maturity of $712 million, $98 million
and 3.75 years at September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $626 million, $64 million and 2.75 years at December 31, 2015, respectively.     

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the customer-related derivative positions of the Company:  
   
   The table below shows the effective portion of the gains (losses) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and the
gains (losses) reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings (net-of-tax):      

Note:  
  Ineffectiveness on cash flow and net investment hedges was not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.     

(a)  
  Gains (Losses) reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense.     

Table of Contents  

  The table below shows the gains (losses) recognized in earnings for fair value hedges, other economic hedges and
the customer-related positions:      

Derivatives are subject to credit risk associated with counterparties to the derivative contracts. The Company measures that credit risk using
a credit valuation adjustment and includes it within the fair value of the derivative. The Company manages counterparty credit risk through diversification of its derivative positions among various counterparties, by entering into master netting
arrangements and, where possible, by requiring collateral arrangements. A master netting arrangement allows two counterparties, who have multiple derivative contracts with each other, the ability to net settle amounts under all contracts, including
any related collateral, through a single payment and in a single currency. Collateral arrangements require the counterparty to deliver collateral (typically cash or U.S. Treasury and agency securities) equal to the Company s net derivative
receivable, subject to minimum transfer and credit rating requirements.    The Company s collateral arrangements are predominately
bilateral and, therefore, contain provisions that require collateralization of the Company s net liability derivative positions. Required collateral coverage is based on certain net liability thresholds and contingent upon the Company s
credit rating from two of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. If the Company s credit rating were to fall below credit ratings thresholds established in the collateral arrangements, the counterparties to the derivatives
could request immediate additional collateral coverage up to and including full collateral coverage for derivatives in a net liability position. The aggregate fair value of all derivatives under collateral arrangements that were in a net liability
position at September 30, 2016, was $1.6 billion. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $1.5 billion of cash posted as collateral against this net liability position.  

Note 13     
 Netting Arrangements for Certain Financial Instruments and Securities Financing Activities      The majority of
the Company s derivative portfolio consists of bilateral over-the-counter trades. However, current regulations require that certain interest rate swaps and forwards and credit contracts need to be centrally cleared through clearinghouses. In
addition, a portion of the Company s derivative positions are exchange-traded. These are predominately U.S. Treasury futures or options on U.S. Treasury futures. Of the Company s $274.8 billion total notional amount of derivative
positions at September 30, 2016, $122.6 billion related to those centrally cleared through clearinghouses and $11.7 billion related to those that were exchange-traded. Irrespective of how derivatives are traded, the Company s
derivative contracts include offsetting rights (referred to as netting arrangements), and depending on expected volume, credit risk, and counterparty preference, collateral maintenance may be required. For all derivatives under collateral support
arrangements, fair value is determined daily and, depending on the collateral  

Table of Contents  

maintenance requirements, the Company and a counterparty may receive or deliver collateral, based upon the net fair value of all derivative positions between the Company and the counterparty.
Collateral is typically cash, but securities may be allowed under collateral arrangements with certain counterparties. Receivables and payables related to cash collateral are included in other assets and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet, along with the related derivative asset and liability fair values. Any securities pledged to counterparties as collateral remain on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Securities received from counterparties as collateral are not recognized on
the Consolidated Balance Sheet, unless the counterparty defaults. In general, securities used as collateral can be sold, repledged or otherwise used by the party in possession. No restrictions exist on the use of cash collateral by either party.
Refer to Note 12 for further discussion of the Company s derivatives, including collateral arrangements.   As part of the
Company s treasury and broker-dealer operations, the Company executes transactions that are treated as securities sold under agreements to repurchase or securities purchased under agreements to resell, both of which are accounted for as
collateralized financings. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase include repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions. Securities purchased under agreements to resell include reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed
transactions. For securities sold under agreements to repurchase, the Company records a liability for the cash received, which is included in short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. For securities purchased under agreements to
resell, the Company records a receivable for the cash paid, which is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
 Securities transferred to counterparties under repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions continue to be recognized on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet, are measured at fair value, and are included in investment securities or other assets. Securities received from counterparties under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed transactions are not recognized on
the Consolidated Balance Sheet unless the counterparty defaults. The securities transferred under repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions typically are U.S. Treasury and agency securities or residential agency mortgage-backed securities. The
securities loaned or borrowed typically are corporate debt securities traded by the Company s broker-dealer. In general, the securities transferred can be sold, repledged or otherwise used by the party in possession. No restrictions exist on
the use of cash collateral by either party. Repurchase/reverse repurchase and securities loaned/borrowed transactions expose the Company to counterparty risk. The Company manages this risk by performing assessments, independent of business line
managers, and establishing concentration limits on each counterparty. Additionally, these transactions include collateral arrangements that require the fair values of the underlying securities to be determined daily, resulting in cash being obtained
or refunded to counterparties to maintain specified collateral levels. At December 31, 2015, the Company had no outstanding securities loaned transactions.  
 The following table summarizes the maturities by category of collateral pledged for repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions:  
   
   The Company executes its derivative, repurchase/reverse repurchase and securities loaned/borrowed transactions
under the respective industry standard agreements. These agreements include master netting arrangements that allow for multiple contracts executed with the same counterparty to be viewed as a single arrangement. This allows for net settlement of a
single amount on a daily basis. In the event of default, the master netting arrangement provides for close-out netting, which allows all of these positions with the defaulting counterparty to be terminated and net settled with a single payment
amount.  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has elected to offset the assets and liabilities under netting arrangements for the
balance sheet presentation of the majority of its derivative counterparties, excluding centrally cleared derivative contracts due to current uncertainty about the legal enforceability of netting arrangements with the clearinghouses. The netting
occurs at the counterparty level, and includes all assets and liabilities related to the derivative contracts, including those associated with cash collateral received or delivered. The Company has not elected to offset the assets and liabilities
under netting arrangements for the balance sheet presentation of repurchase/reverse repurchase and securities loaned/borrowed transactions.   The following
tables provide information on the Company s netting adjustments, and items not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but available for offset in the event of default:      

(b)  
  For derivative assets this includes any derivative liability fair values that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for reverse repurchase agreements this includes any repurchase agreement payables
that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for securities borrowed this includes any securities loaned payables that could be offset in the event of counterparty default.     

(c)  
  Includes the fair value of securities received by the Company from the counterparty. These securities are not included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet unless the counterparty defaults.     

(b)  
  For derivative liabilities this includes any derivative asset fair values that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for repurchase agreements this includes any reverse repurchase agreement
receivables that could be offset in the event of counterparty default; for securities loaned this includes any securities borrowed receivables that could be offset in the event of counterparty default.     

(c)  
  Includes the fair value of securities pledged by the Company to the counterparty. These securities are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet unless the Company defaults.    

Note 14     
 Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities      The Company uses fair value measurements for the initial recording of
certain assets and liabilities, periodic remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities, and disclosures. Derivatives, trading and available-for-sale investment securities, MSRs and substantially all MLHFS are recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as loans held for sale, loans held for investment and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value
adjustments typically involve application of lower-of-cost-or-fair value accounting or impairment write-downs of individual assets.  

Table of Contents  

  Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A fair value measurement reflects all of the assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique, the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset and the risk of nonperformance.  
 The Company groups its assets and liabilities measured at fair value into a three-level hierarchy for valuation techniques used to measure
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. This hierarchy is based on whether the valuation inputs are observable or unobservable. These levels are:  

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 includes U.S. Treasury securities, as well as exchange-traded instruments, including certain perpetual preferred and corporate
debt securities.    

Level 2   Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 includes debt securities that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments and which are typically valued using third party
pricing services; derivative contracts and other assets and liabilities, including securities, whose value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by
observable market data; and MLHFS whose values are determined using quoted prices for similar assets or pricing models with inputs that are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data.    

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments
whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. This category
includes MSRs, certain debt securities and certain derivative contracts.      When the Company changes its valuation inputs for
measuring financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value, either due to changes in current market conditions or other factors, it may need to transfer those assets or liabilities to another level in the hierarchy based on the new inputs
used. The Company recognizes these transfers at the end of the reporting period in which the transfers occur. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no transfers of financial assets or financial liabilities between the
hierarchy levels.    The Company has processes and controls in place to increase the reliability of estimates it makes in determining fair
value measurements. Items quoted on an exchange are verified to the quoted price. Items provided by a third party pricing service are subject to price verification procedures as described in more detail in the specific valuation discussions below.
For fair value measurements modeled internally, the Company s valuation models are subject to the Company s Model Risk Governance Policy and Program, as maintained by the Company s risk management department. The purpose of model
validation is to assess the accuracy of the models  input, processing, and reporting components. All models are required to be independently reviewed and approved prior to being placed in use, and are subject to formal change control
procedures. Under the Company s Model Risk Governance Policy, models are required to be reviewed at least annually to ensure they are operating as intended. Inputs into the models are market observable inputs whenever available. When market
observable inputs are not available, the inputs are developed based upon analysis of historical experience and evaluation of other relevant market data. Significant unobservable model inputs are subject to review by senior management in corporate
functions, who are independent from the modeling. Significant unobservable model inputs are also compared to actual results, typically on a quarterly basis. Significant Level 3 fair value measurements are also subject to corporate-level review and
are benchmarked to market transactions or other market data, when available. Additional discussion of processes and controls are provided in the valuation methodologies section that follows.  
 The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the Company to measure financial assets and liabilities at fair value and
for estimating fair value for financial instruments not recorded at fair value as required under disclosure guidance related to the fair value of financial instruments. In addition, the following section includes an indication of the level of the
fair value hierarchy in which the assets or liabilities are classified. Where appropriate, the description includes information about the valuation models and key inputs to those models. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
there were no significant changes to the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure fair value.  

Table of Contents  

    Cash and Due From Banks      The carrying value of cash and due from banks approximate fair value and are classified within Level 1. Fair value is provided for disclosure purposes only.   
   Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased Under Resale Agreements      The carrying value of federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements approximate fair value because of the relatively short time between the origination of the
instrument and its expected realization and are classified within Level 2. Fair value is provided for disclosure purposes only.       Investment Securities      When quoted market prices for identical securities are available in an active market, these prices
are used to determine fair value and these securities are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Level 1 investment securities include U.S. Treasury and exchange-traded securities.   
 For other securities, quoted market prices may not be readily available for the specific securities. When possible, the Company determines
fair value based on market observable information, including quoted market prices for similar securities, inactive transaction prices, and broker quotes. These securities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Level 2 valuations
are generally provided by a third party pricing service. The Company reviews the valuation methodologies utilized by the pricing service and, on a quarterly basis, reviews the security level prices provided by the pricing service against
management s expectation of fair value, based on changes in various benchmarks and market knowledge from recent trading activity. Additionally, each quarter, the Company validates the fair value provided by the pricing services by comparing
them to recent observable market trades (where available), broker provided quotes, or other independent secondary pricing sources. Prices obtained from the pricing service are adjusted if they are found to be inconsistent with relevant market data.
Level 2 investment securities are predominantly agency mortgage-backed securities, certain other asset-backed securities, municipal securities, corporate debt securities, agency debt securities and certain perpetual preferred securities.  
 The fair value of securities for which there are no market trades, or where trading is inactive as compared to normal market activity, are
classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company determines the fair value of these securities by using a discounted cash flow methodology and incorporating observable market information, where available. These valuations are
modeled by a unit within the Company s treasury department. The valuations use assumptions regarding housing prices, interest rates and borrower performance. Inputs are refined and updated at least quarterly to reflect market developments and
actual performance. The primary valuation drivers of these securities are the prepayment rates, default rates and default severities associated with the underlying collateral, as well as the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the
projected cash flows. Level 3 fair values, including the assumptions used, are subject to review by senior management in corporate functions, who are independent from the modeling. The fair value measurements are also compared to fair values
provided by third party pricing services and broker provided quotes, where available. Securities classified within Level 3 include non-agency mortgage-backed securities, non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities, certain asset-backed
securities and certain corporate debt securities.      Mortgage Loans Held For Sale      MLHFS measured at fair value, for which an active secondary market and readily available market prices exist, are initially valued at the transaction price and are subsequently valued
by comparison to instruments with similar collateral and risk profiles. MLHFS are classified within Level 2. Included in mortgage banking revenue was a $27 million and a $61 million net gain for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and a $154 million and a $27 million net gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, from the changes to fair value of these MLHFS under fair value option accounting guidance. Changes in fair value due to
instrument specific credit risk were immaterial. Interest income for MLHFS is measured based on contractual interest rates and reported as interest income on the Consolidated Statement of Income. Electing to measure MLHFS at fair value reduces
certain timing differences and better matches changes in fair value of these assets with changes in the value of the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without the burden of complying with the requirements for hedge accounting.
      Loans      The loan
portfolio includes adjustable and fixed-rate loans, the fair value of which is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses and other valuation techniques. The expected cash flows of loans consider historical prepayment experiences and estimated
credit losses and are discounted using current rates offered to borrowers with similar credit characteristics. Generally, loan fair values reflect Level 3 information. Fair value is provided for disclosure purposes only, with the exception of
impaired collateral-based loans that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis utilizing the underlying collateral fair value.   

Table of Contents  

    Mortgage Servicing Rights      MSRs are valued using a discounted cash flow methodology, and are classified within Level 3. The Company determines fair value by estimating the present value of the asset s
future cash flows using prepayment rates, discount rates, and other assumptions. The MSR valuations, as well as the assumptions used, are developed by the mortgage banking division and are subject to review by senior management in corporate
functions, who are independent from the modeling. The MSR valuations and assumptions are validated through comparison to trade information when available, publicly available data and industry surveys and are also compared to independent third party
valuations each quarter. Risks inherent in MSR valuation include higher than expected prepayment rates and/or delayed receipt of cash flows. There is minimal observable market activity for MSRs on comparable portfolios and, therefore, the
determination of fair value requires significant management judgment. Refer to Note 6 for further information on MSR valuation assumptions.       Derivatives    The majority of derivatives held by the Company are executed over-the-counter and are valued using standard cash flow,
Black-Derman-Toy and Monte Carlo valuation techniques. The models incorporate inputs, depending on the type of derivative, including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates and volatility. In addition, all derivative values incorporate an
assessment of the risk of counterparty nonperformance, measured based on the Company s evaluation of credit risk as well as external assessments of credit risk, where available. The Company monitors and manages its nonperformance risk by
considering its ability to net derivative positions under master netting arrangements, as well as collateral received or provided under collateral arrangements. Accordingly, the Company has elected to measure the fair value of derivatives, at a
counterparty level, on a net basis. The majority of the derivatives are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as the significant inputs to the models, including nonperformance risk, are observable. However, certain derivative
transactions are with counterparties where risk of nonperformance cannot be observed in the market and, therefore, the credit valuation adjustments result in these derivatives being classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The credit
valuation adjustments for nonperformance risk are determined by the Company s treasury department using credit assumptions provided by the risk management department. The credit assumptions are compared to actual results quarterly and are
recalibrated as appropriate.     The Company also has other derivative contracts that are created through its operations, including
commitments to purchase and originate mortgage loans and swap agreements executed in conjunction with the sale of a portion of its Class B common shares of Visa Inc. (the  Visa swaps ). The mortgage loan commitments are valued by pricing
models that include market observable and unobservable inputs, which result in the commitments being classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The unobservable inputs include assumptions about the percentage of commitments that actually
become a closed loan and the MSR value that is inherent in the underlying loan value, both of which are developed by the Company s mortgage banking division. The closed loan percentages for the mortgage loan commitments are monitored on an
on-going basis, as these percentages are also used for the Company s economic hedging activities. The inherent MSR value for the commitments are generated by the same models used for the Company s MSRs and thus are subject to the same
processes and controls as described for the MSRs above. The Visa swaps require payments by either the Company or the purchaser of the Visa Inc. Class B common shares when there are changes in the conversion rate of the Visa Inc. Class B common
shares to Visa Inc. Class A common shares, as well as quarterly payments to the purchaser based on specified terms of the agreements. Management reviews and updates the Visa swaps fair value in conjunction with its review of Visa related litigation
contingencies, and the associated escrow funding. The fair value of the Visa swaps are calculated by the Company s corporate development department using a discounted cash flow methodology which includes unobservable inputs about the timing and
settlement amounts related to the resolution of certain Visa related litigation. The expected litigation resolution impacts the Visa Inc. Class B common share to Visa Inc. Class A common share conversion rate, as well as the ultimate termination
date for the Visa swaps. Accordingly, the Visa swaps are classified within Level 3. Refer to Note 15 for further information on the Visa restructuring and related card association litigation.  
   Other Financial Instruments    Other
financial instruments include cost method equity investments and certain community development and tax-advantaged related assets and liabilities. The majority of the Company s cost method equity investments are in Federal Home Loan Bank and
Federal Reserve Bank stock, for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value and are classified within Level 2. Investments in other equity and limited partnership funds are estimated using fund provided net asset values. These equity
investments are classified within Level 3. The community development and tax-advantaged related asset balances primarily represent the underlying assets of consolidated community development and tax-advantaged entities. The community development and
tax-advantaged related   

Table of Contents  

liabilities represent the underlying liabilities of the consolidated entities (included in long-term debt) and liabilities related to other third party interests (included in other liabilities).
The carrying value of the community development and tax-advantaged related asset and other liability balances are a reasonable estimate of fair value and are classified within Level 3. Refer to Note 5 for further information on community development
and tax-advantaged related assets and liabilities. Fair value is provided for disclosure purposes only.  
   Deposit Liabilities    The fair
value of demand deposits, savings accounts and certain money market deposits is equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of fixed-rate certificates of deposit was estimated by discounting the contractual cash flow using current market
rates. Deposit liabilities are classified within Level 2. Fair value is provided for disclosure purposes only.       Short-term Borrowings      Federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, commercial paper and other
short-term funds borrowed have floating rates or short-term maturities. The fair value of short-term borrowings was determined by discounting contractual cash flows using current market rates. Short-term borrowings are classified within Level 2.
Included in short-term borrowings is the Company s obligation on securities sold short, which is required to be accounted for at fair value per applicable accounting guidance. Fair value for other short-term borrowings is provided for
disclosure purposes only.       Long-term Debt      The fair value for most long-term debt was determined by discounting contractual cash flows using current market rates. Junior subordinated debt instruments were valued using market
quotes. Long-term debt is classified within Level 2. Fair value is provided for disclosure purposes only.       Loan Commitments, Letters of Credit and Guarantees      The fair value of commitments, letters of credit and guarantees
represents the estimated costs to terminate or otherwise settle the obligations with a third party. Other loan commitments, letters of credit and guarantees are not actively traded, and the Company estimates their fair value based on the related
amount of unamortized deferred commitment fees adjusted for the probable losses for these arrangements. These arrangements are classified within Level 3. Fair value is provided for disclosure purposes only.   
  Significant Unobservable Inputs of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities   
 The following section provides information on the significant inputs used by the Company to determine the fair value measurements of Level 3 assets and
liabilities recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In addition, the following section includes a discussion of the sensitivity of the fair value measurements to changes in the significant inputs and a description of any
interrelationships between these inputs for Level 3 assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The discussion below excludes nonrecurring fair value measurements of collateral value used for impairment measures for loans and
OREO. These valuations utilize third party appraisal or broker price opinions, and are classified as Level 3 due to the significant judgment involved.     Available-For-Sale Investment Securities    The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s
modeled Level 3 available-for-sale investment securities are prepayment rates, probability of default and loss severities associated with the underlying collateral, as well as the discount margin used to calculate the present value of the projected
cash flows. Increases in prepayment rates for Level 3 securities will typically result in higher fair values, as increased prepayment rates accelerate the receipt of expected cash flows and reduce exposure to credit losses. Increases in the
probability of default and loss severities will result in lower fair values, as these increases reduce expected cash flows. Discount margin is the Company s estimate of the current market spread above the respective benchmark rate. Higher
discount margin will result in lower fair values, as it reduces the present value of the expected cash flows.     Prepayment rates
generally move in the opposite direction of market interest rates. In the current environment, an increase in the probability of default will generally be accompanied with an increase in loss severity, as both are impacted by underlying collateral
values. Discount margins are influenced by market expectations about the security s collateral performance and, therefore, may directionally move with probability and severity of default; however, discount margins are also impacted by broader
market forces, such as competing investment yields, sector liquidity, economic news, and other macroeconomic factors.  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the significant valuation assumption ranges for Level 3 available-for-sale
investment securities at September 30, 2016:      

Minimum 

Maximum 

Average 

Residential Prime Non-Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities (a)   

Estimated lifetime prepayment rates  

6 
 %  

19 
 %  

14 
 %   
 
   Lifetime probability of default rates  

6 

4 

Lifetime loss severity rates  

15 

65 

35 

Discount margin  

2 

6 

4 

Residential Non-Prime Non-Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities (b)   

Estimated lifetime prepayment rates  

3 
 %  

15 
 %  

8 
 %   
 
   Lifetime probability of default rates  

4 

12 

7 

Lifetime loss severity rates  

15 

75 

51 

Discount margin  

2 

10 

4 

Other Asset-Backed Securities   

Estimated lifetime prepayment rates  

6 
 %  

6 
 %  

6 
 %   
 
   Lifetime probability of default rates  

5 

5 

5 

Lifetime loss severity rates  

40 

40 

40 

Discount margin  

6 

6 

6 

(a)  
  Prime securities are those designated as such by the issuer at origination. When an issuer designation is unavailable, the Company determines at acquisition date the categorization based on asset pool characteristics
(such as weighted-average credit score, loan-to-value, loan type, prevalence of low documentation loans) and deal performance (such as pool delinquencies and security market spreads).     

(b)  
  Includes all securities not meeting the conditions to be designated as prime.         Mortgage Servicing Rights    The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s MSRs are
expected prepayments and the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the projected cash flows. Significant increases in either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. Significant
decreases in either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher fair value measurement. There is no direct interrelationship between prepayments and discount rate. Prepayment rates generally move in the opposite direction of
market interest rates. Discount rates are generally impacted by changes in market return requirements.     The following table shows the significant
valuation assumption ranges for MSRs at September 30, 2016:      
     Derivatives    The Company has two distinct Level 3 derivative portfolios: (i) the Company s commitments to purchase and originate mortgage loans that meet the requirements of a derivative and (ii) the
Company s asset/liability and customer-related derivatives that are Level 3 due to unobservable inputs related to measurement of risk of nonperformance by the counterparty. In addition, the Company s Visa swaps are classified within Level
3.     The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s derivative commitments to purchase
and originate mortgage loans are the percentage of commitments that actually become a closed loan and the MSR value that is inherent in the underlying loan value. A significant increase in the rate of loans that close would result in a larger
derivative asset or liability. A significant increase in the inherent MSR value would result in an increase in the derivative asset or a reduction in the derivative liability. Expected loan close rates and the inherent MSR values are directly
impacted by changes in market rates and will generally move in the same direction as interest rates.    The following table shows the significant valuation
assumption ranges for the Company s derivative commitments to purchase and originate mortgage loans at September 30, 2016:      
   The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of certain of the Company s
asset/liability and customer-related derivatives is the credit valuation adjustment related to the risk of counterparty nonperformance. A significant increase in the credit valuation adjustment would result in a lower fair value measurement. A
significant decrease in the credit valuation adjustment would result in a higher fair value measurement. The credit valuation  

Table of Contents  

adjustment is impacted by changes in the Company s assessment of the counterparty s credit position. At September 30, 2016, the minimum, maximum and average credit valuation adjustment
as a percentage of the derivative contract fair value prior to adjustment was 0 percent, 98 percent and 4 percent, respectively.    The
significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Visa swaps are management s estimate of the probability of certain litigation scenarios, and the timing of the resolution of the related litigation loss estimates in
excess, or shortfall, of the Company s proportional share of escrow funds. An increase in the loss estimate or a delay in the resolution of the related litigation would result in an increase in the derivative liability. A decrease in the loss
estimate or an acceleration of the resolution of the related litigation would result in a decrease in the derivative liability.    The following table
summarizes the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:      

(a)  
  Prime securities are those designated as such by the issuer at origination. When an issuer designation is unavailable, the Company determines at acquisition date the categorization based on asset pool characteristics
(such as weighted-average credit score, loan-to-value, loan type, prevalence of low documentation loans) and deal performance (such as pool delinquencies and security market spreads).     

(b)  
  Includes all securities not meeting the conditions to be designated as prime.     

(c)  
  Represents the Company s obligation on securities sold short required to be accounted for at fair value per applicable accounting guidance.    

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the changes in fair value for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on
a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the three months ended September 30:          

(a)  
  Prime securities are those designated as such by the issuer at origination. When an issuer designation is unavailable, the Company determines at acquisition date the categorization based on asset pool characteristics
(such as weighted-average credit score, loan-to-value, loan type, prevalence of low documentation loans) and deal performance (such as pool delinquencies and security market spreads).     

(b)  
  Includes all securities not meeting the conditions to be designated as prime.     

(c)  
  Approximately $(1) million included in securities gain (losses) and $1 million included in interest income.     

(d)  
  Included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(e)  
  Approximately $(73) million included in other noninterest income and $157 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(f)  
  Included in changes in unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale.     

(g)  
  Represents MSRs capitalized during the period.     

(h)  
  Approximately $(81) million included in other noninterest income and $97 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(i)  
  Included in interest income.     

(j)  
  Approximately $274 million included in other noninterest income and $152 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(k)  
  Approximately $159 million included in other noninterest income and $72 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the changes in fair value for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on
a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the nine months ended September 30:      

(a)  
  Prime securities are those designated as such by the issuer at origination. When an issuer designation is unavailable, the Company determines at acquisition date the categorization based on asset pool characteristics
(such as weighted-average credit score, loan-to-value, loan type, prevalence of low documentation loans) and deal performance (such as pool delinquencies and security market spreads).    

(b)  
  Includes all securities not meeting the conditions to be designated as prime.     

(c)  
  Approximately $(3) million included in securities gain (losses) and $1 million included in interest income.     

(d)  
  Included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(e)  
  Approximately $560 million included in other noninterest income and $487 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(f)  
  Included in changes in unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale.     

(g)  
  Represents MSRs capitalized during the period.     

(h)  
  Approximately $397 million included in other noninterest income and $97 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(i)  
  Included in interest income.     

(j)  
  Approximately $360 million included in other noninterest income and $365 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     

(k)  
  Approximately $131 million included in other noninterest income and $72 million included in mortgage banking revenue.     
 The Company is also required periodically to measure certain other financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These measurements
of fair value usually result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets.    The following table
summarizes the balances as of the measurement date of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, and still held as of the reporting date:      

(a)  
  Represents the carrying value of loans for which adjustments were based on the fair value of the collateral, excluding loans fully charged-off.     

(b)  
  Primarily represents the fair value of foreclosed properties that were measured at fair value based on an appraisal or broker price opinion of the collateral subsequent to their initial acquisition.

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes losses recognized related to nonrecurring fair value measurements of individual
assets or portfolios:      

(a)  
  Represents write-downs of student loans held for sale based on non-binding quoted prices received for the portfolio, that were subsequently transferred to loans, and write-downs of loans which were based on the fair
value of the collateral, excluding loans fully charged-off.     

(b)  
  Primarily represents related losses of foreclosed properties that were measured at fair value subsequent to their initial acquisition.     
  Fair Value Option         The following table
summarizes the differences between the aggregate fair value carrying amount of MLHFS for which the fair value option has been elected and the aggregate unpaid principal amount that the Company is contractually obligated to receive at
maturity:          
    Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair value for financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and includes financial
instruments that are not accounted for at fair value. In accordance with disclosure guidance related to fair values of financial instruments, the Company did not include assets and liabilities that are not financial instruments, such as the value of
goodwill, long-term relationships with deposit, credit card, merchant processing and trust customers, other purchased intangibles, premises and equipment, deferred taxes and other liabilities. Additionally, in accordance with the disclosure
guidance, insurance contracts and investments accounted for under the equity method are excluded.    The estimated fair values of the Company s
financial instruments are shown in the table below:          

(a)  
  Excludes mortgages held for sale for which the fair value option under applicable accounting guidance was elected.         

(b)  
  Excludes the Company s obligation on securities sold short required to be accounted for at fair value per applicable accounting guidance.     
 The fair value of unfunded commitments, deferred non-yield related loan fees, standby letters of credit and other guarantees is approximately
equal to their carrying value. The carrying value of unfunded commitments, deferred non-yield related loan fees and standby letters of credit was $617 million and $515 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The carrying
value of other guarantees was $162 million and $184 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      

Table of Contents  

Note 15     
 Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities        Visa Restructuring
and Card Association Litigation    The Company s payment services business issues credit and debit cards and acquires credit and debit card transactions through the Visa U.S.A.
Inc. card association or its affiliates (collectively  Visa ). In 2007, Visa completed a restructuring and issued shares of Visa Inc. common stock to its financial institution members in contemplation of its initial public offering
( IPO ) completed in the first quarter of 2008 (the  Visa Reorganization ). As a part of the Visa Reorganization, the Company received its proportionate number of shares of Visa Inc. common stock, which were subsequently
converted to Class B shares of Visa Inc. ( Class B shares ). Visa U.S.A. Inc. ( Visa U.S.A. ) and MasterCard International (collectively, the  Card Associations ) are defendants in antitrust lawsuits challenging the
practices of the Card Associations (the  Visa Litigation ). Visa U.S.A. member banks have a contingent obligation to indemnify Visa Inc. under the Visa U.S.A. bylaws (which were modified at the time of the restructuring in October 2007)
for potential losses arising from the Visa Litigation. The indemnification by the Visa U.S.A. member banks has no specific maximum amount.  
 Using proceeds from its IPO and through reductions to the conversion ratio applicable to the Class B shares held by Visa U.S.A. member banks,
Visa Inc. has funded an escrow account for the benefit of member financial institutions to fund their indemnification obligations associated with the Visa Litigation. The receivable related to the escrow account is classified in other liabilities as
a direct offset to the related Visa Litigation contingent liability. On October 19, 2012, Visa signed a settlement agreement to resolve class action claims associated with the multi-district interchange litigation, the largest of the remaining
Visa Litigation matters. The United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York approved the settlement, but that approval was appealed by certain class members. On June 30, 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit reversed the approval of the settlement and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. At September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the Company s liability related to the Visa Litigation matters, net of its share
of the escrow fundings, was $19 million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold 0.2 million and 0.7 million, respectively, of its Class B shares. These sales, and any previous sales of its Class B shares, do not
impact the Company s liability for the Visa Litigation matters or the receivable related to the escrow account. Upon final settlement of the Visa Litigation, the remaining 5.7 million Class B shares held by the Company will be
eligible for conversion to Class A shares of Visa Inc., which are publicly traded. The Class B shares are excluded from the Company s financial instruments disclosures included in Note 14.  
  Other Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities     The following table
is a summary of other guarantees and contingent liabilities of the Company at September 30, 2016:               

(a)  
  The maximum potential future payments do not include loan sales where the Company provides standard representation and warranties to the buyer against losses related to loan underwriting documentation defects that
may have existed at the time of sale that generally are identified after the occurrence of a triggering event such as delinquency. For these types of loan sales, the maximum potential future payments is generally the unpaid principal balance of
loans sold measured at the end of the current reporting period. Actual losses will be significantly less than the maximum exposure, as only a fraction of loans sold will have a representation and warranty breach, and any losses on repurchase would
generally be mitigated by any collateral held against the loans.          Merchant
Processing     The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides merchant processing services. Under the rules of credit card associations, a merchant processor retains a contingent
liability for credit card transactions processed. This contingent liability arises in the event of a billing dispute between the merchant and a cardholder that is ultimately resolved in the cardholder s favor. In this situation, the transaction
is  charged-back  to the merchant and the disputed amount is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. If the Company is unable to collect this amount from the merchant, it bears the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the
cardholder.     The Company currently processes card transactions in the United States, Canada, Europe and Mexico through wholly-owned
subsidiaries and joint ventures with other financial institutions. In the event a merchant was unable to  

Table of Contents  

fulfill product or services subject to future delivery, such as airline tickets, the Company could become financially liable for refunding tickets purchased through the credit card associations
under the charge-back provisions. Charge-back risk related to these merchants is evaluated in a manner similar to credit risk assessments and, as such, merchant processing contracts contain various provisions to protect the Company in the event of
default. At September 30, 2016, the value of airline tickets purchased to be delivered at a future date was $6.7 billion. The Company held collateral of $427 million in escrow deposits, letters of credit and indemnities from financial institutions,
and liens on various assets.       Asset Sales     The Company regularly sells loans to GSEs as part of its mortgage banking activities. The Company provides customary representations and warranties to the GSEs in conjunction with these sales.
These representations and warranties generally require the Company to repurchase assets if it is subsequently determined that a loan did not meet specified criteria, such as a documentation deficiency or rescission of mortgage insurance. If the
Company is unable to cure or refute a repurchase request, the Company is generally obligated to repurchase the loan or otherwise reimburse the counterparty for losses. At September 30, 2016, the Company had reserved $21 million for potential losses
from representation and warranty obligations, compared with $30 million at December 31, 2015. The Company s reserve reflects management s best estimate of losses for representation and warranty obligations. The Company s repurchase
reserve is modeled at the loan level, taking into consideration the individual credit quality and borrower activity that has transpired since origination. The model applies credit quality and economic risk factors to derive a probability of default
and potential repurchase that are based on the Company s historical loss experience, and estimates loss severity based on expected collateral value. The Company also considers qualitative factors that may result in anticipated losses differing
from historical loss trends.                     As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $7 million and $12 million, respectively, of unresolved representation and warranty claims from the GSEs. The Company does not have a significant amount of unresolved claims
from investors other than the GSEs.      Litigation and Regulatory Matters    The Company is subject to various litigation and regulatory matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business. The Company establishes reserves for such matters when potential losses
become probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company believes the ultimate resolution of existing legal and regulatory matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of the
Company. However, in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in these matters, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of one or more of these matters may have a material adverse effect on the Company s results from operations for a
particular period, and future changes in circumstances or additional information could result in additional accruals or resolution in excess of established accruals, which could adversely affect the Company s results from operations,
potentially materially.        Litigation Matters     In the last several years, the Company and other large financial institutions have been sued in their capacity as trustee for residential mortgage backed securities trusts. Among these
lawsuits are actions originally brought in June 2014 by a group of institutional investors, including BlackRock and PIMCO funds, against six bank trustees, including the Company. The actions brought by these institutional investors against the
Company are in their early stages and currently are pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, and in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. In these lawsuits, the investors allege that
the Company s banking subsidiary, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee caused them to incur substantial losses by failing to enforce loan repurchase obligations and failing to abide by appropriate standards of care after events of
default allegedly occurred. The plaintiffs seek monetary damages in an unspecified amount and also seek equitable relief.        Regulatory Matters     The Company is currently subject to examinations, inquiries and investigations by government agencies and
bank regulators concerning mortgage-related practices, including those related to compliance with selling guidelines relating to residential home loans sold to GSEs, foreclosure-related expenses submitted to the Federal Housing Administration or
GSEs for reimbursement, lender-placed insurance, and notices and filings in bankruptcy cases. The Company is also subject to ongoing examinations, inquiries and investigations by government agencies, bank regulators and law enforcement with respect
to Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering compliance program adequacy and effectiveness and sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. The Company is cooperating with an investigation currently being
conducted by the U.S. Attorney s Office in Manhattan regarding its banking relationship with Scott Tucker, who has been indicted over the operation of an allegedly illegal payday lending business. Tucker, who is challenging his indictment, and
his businesses maintained   

Table of Contents  

certain deposit accounts with U.S. Bank National Association. The U.S. Attorney s Office has also requested information on aspects of the Company s Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money
laundering compliance program.    The Company is continually subject to examinations, inquiries and investigations in areas of increasing
regulatory scrutiny, such as compliance, risk management, third party risk management and consumer protection.    The Company is cooperating
fully with all pending examinations, inquiries and investigations, any of which could lead to administrative or legal proceedings or settlements. Remedies in these proceedings or settlements may include fines, penalties, restitution or alterations
in the Company s business practices (which may increase the Company s operating expenses and decrease its revenue).    In October
2015, the Company entered into a Consent Order with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the  OCC ) concerning deficiencies in its Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering compliance program, and requiring an ongoing review of that
program. If the Company does not satisfactorily correct the identified deficiencies, it could be required to enter into further orders, pay fines or penalties or further modify its business practices. Some of the compliance program enhancements and
other actions required by the Consent Order have already been, or are currently in the process of being, implemented, and are not expected to be material to the Company.  
 In April 2011, the Company and certain other large financial institutions entered into Consent Orders with the OCC and the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System relating to residential mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices. In June 2015, the Company entered into an agreement to amend the 2011 Consent Order it had with the OCC. The OCC terminated the amended Consent
Order in February 2016. Depending on the Company s progress toward addressing the requirements of the 2011 Consent Order it has with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Company may be required to enter into further orders
and settlements, pay additional fines or penalties, make restitution or further modify the Company s business practices (which may increase the Company s operating expenses and decrease its revenue).  
    Outlook     Due to their complex
nature, it can be years before litigation and regulatory matters are resolved. The Company may be unable to develop an estimate or range of loss where matters are in early stages, there are significant factual or legal issues to be resolved, damages
are unspecified or uncertain, or there is uncertainty as to a litigation class being certified or the outcome of pending motions, appeals or proceedings. For those litigation and regulatory matters where the Company has information to develop an
estimate or range of loss, the Company believes the upper end of reasonably possible losses in aggregate, in excess of any reserves established for matters where a loss is considered probable, will not be material to its financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows. The Company s estimates are subject to significant judgment and uncertainties, and the matters underlying the estimates will change from time to time. Actual results may vary significantly from the current
estimates.     For additional information on the nature of the Company s guarantees and contingent liabilities, refer to Note 23
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

Note 16     
 Subsequent Events      The Company has evaluated the impact of events that have occurred subsequent to September
30, 2016 through the date the consolidated financial statements were filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Based on this evaluation, the Company has determined none of these events were required to be recognized or
disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and related notes.  

Table of Contents  

  U.S. Bancorp       Consolidated
Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates (a)      

(a)  
  Interest and rates are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis utilizing a tax rate of 35 percent.     

(b)  
  Interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances.     

Table of Contents  

  U.S. Bancorp       Consolidated
Daily Average Balance Sheet and Related Yields and Rates (a)      

(a)  
  Interest and rates are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis utilizing a tax rate of 35 percent.     

(b)  
  Interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances.     

Table of Contents  

  Part II   Other Information  
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings      See the information set forth in Note 15 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference.   
     Item 1A. Risk Factors      There are a number of factors that may adversely affect the Company s business, financial results or stock price. Refer to  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, for discussion of these risks.   
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
     Refer to the  Capital Management  section within Management s Discussion and Analysis in Part I for information regarding shares repurchased by the
Company during the third quarter of 2016.        Item 6. Exhibits   

12 
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges    

101 
 Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheet,
(ii) the Consolidated Statement of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and (vi) the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

U.S. BANCORP  

By: 
   
 / S /    C RAIG  E. G IFFORD   

Dated: November 4, 2016 

Craig E. Gifford   Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Officer)   

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT 12  
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges       

*  
  Excludes interest expense related to unrecognized tax positions.     

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 I, Richard K. Davis, certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of U.S. Bancorp;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/ S /    R ICHARD  K. D AVIS   
 
   Richard K. Davis    Chief Executive
Officer    
 
  Dated: November 4, 2016  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 I, Terrance R. Dolan, certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of U.S. Bancorp;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/ S /    T ERRANCE  R. D OLAN   
 
   Terrance R. Dolan    Chief Financial
Officer    
 
  Dated: November 4, 2016  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT 32   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Bancorp, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), do hereby certify that:      

(2) 
 The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/ S /    R ICHARD  K. D AVIS  

/ S /    T ERRANCE  R. D OLAN   
 
   Richard K. Davis    Chief Executive
Officer        Dated: November 4, 2016  

Terrance R. Dolan    Chief Financial
Officer    

Table of Contents  

  Corporate Information     Executive
Offices     U.S. Bancorp    800 Nicollet Mall  
 Minneapolis, MN 55402     Common Stock Transfer Agent and Registrar
    Computershare acts as our transfer agent and registrar, dividend paying agent and dividend reinvestment plan administrator, and maintains all
shareholder records for the corporation. Inquiries related to shareholder records, stock transfers, changes of ownership, lost stock certificates, changes of address and dividend payment should be directed to the transfer agent at:  
 Computershare    P.O. Box 30170  
 College Station, TX 77842-3170    Phone: 888-778-1311 or 201-680-6578
(international calls)    Internet: www.computershare.com/investor  
 Registered or Certified Mail:    Computershare  
 211 Quality Circle, Suite 210    College Station, TX 77845  
 Telephone representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Central Time, and automated support is available 24 hours a day,
7 days a week. Specific information about your account is available on Computershare s Investor Center website.     Independent Auditor   
 Ernst   Young LLP serves as the independent auditor for U.S. Bancorp s financial statements.  
  Common Stock Listing and Trading     U.S. Bancorp common stock is
listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol USB.     Dividends and Reinvestment Plan   
 U.S. Bancorp currently pays quarterly dividends on our common stock on or about the 15th day of January, April, July and October, subject to approval by
our Board of Directors. U.S. Bancorp shareholders can choose to participate in a plan that provides automatic reinvestment of dividends and/or optional cash purchase of additional shares of U.S. Bancorp common stock. For more information,
please contact our transfer agent, Computershare.     Investor Relations Contact   
 Jennifer A. Thompson, CFA    Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations    jen.thompson@usbank.com    Phone: 612-303-0778 or
866-775-9668     Financial Information     U.S. Bancorp news and
financial results are available through our website and by mail.      Website   For information about U.S. Bancorp, including news,
financial results, annual reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, access our home page on the internet at usbank.com, click on  About U.S.     Bank .  
   Mail   At your request, we will mail to you our quarterly earnings, news releases, quarterly financial data reported on Form 10-Q,
Form 10-K and additional copies of our annual reports. Please contact:    U.S. Bancorp Investor Relations  
 800 Nicollet Mall    Minneapolis, MN 55402  
 investorrelations@usbank.com    Phone: 866-775-9668  
      Media Requests   
 Dana E. Ripley    Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications
   dana.ripley@usbank.com    Phone: 612-303-3167  
  Privacy     U.S. Bancorp is committed to respecting the privacy of
our customers and safeguarding the financial and personal information provided to us. To learn more about the U.S. Bancorp commitment to protecting privacy, visit usbank.com and click on  Privacy .  
  Code of Ethics     At U.S. Bancorp, our commitment to high ethical
standards guides everything we do. Demonstrating this commitment through our words and actions is how each of us does the right thing every day for our customers, shareholders, communities and each other. Our style of ethical leadership is why we
were named a World s Most Ethical Company in 2015 by the Ethisphere Institute.    Each year, every employee certifies compliance with the letter and
spirit of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. For details about our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, visit usbank.com and click on  About U.S.     Bank  and then  Investor Relations  and then  Corporate
Governance .     Diversity and Inclusion     At U.S. Bancorp,
embracing diversity and fostering inclusion are business imperatives. We view everything we do through a diversity and inclusion lens to deepen our relationships with our stakeholders: our employees, customers, shareholders and communities.  
 Our employees bring their whole selves to work. We respect and value each other s differences, strengths and perspectives, and we strive to reflect the
communities we serve. This makes us stronger, more innovative and more responsive to our diverse customers  needs.     Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action
    U.S. Bancorp and our subsidiaries are committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment. In
keeping with this commitment, employment decisions are made based on abilities, not race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, gender, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression,
genetic information or any other factors protected by law. The corporation complies with municipal, state and federal fair employment laws, including regulations applying to federal contractors.  
 U.S. Bancorp, including each of our subsidiaries, is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce.  
  Accessibility     U.S. Bancorp is committed to providing ready
access to our products and services so all of our customers, including people with disabilities, can succeed financially. To learn more, visit usbank.com and click on  Accessibility.    

This report has been produced on recycled paper.

<EX-12>
 2
 d231217dex12.htm
 EX-12

EX-12 

EXHIBIT 12  
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges       

*  
  Excludes interest expense related to unrecognized tax positions.     

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d231217dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 I, Richard K. Davis, certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of U.S. Bancorp;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/ S /    R ICHARD  K. D AVIS   
 
   Richard K. Davis    Chief Executive
Officer    
 
  Dated: November 4, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d231217dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 I, Terrance R. Dolan, certify that:      

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of U.S. Bancorp;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/ S /    T ERRANCE  R. D OLAN   
 
   Terrance R. Dolan    Chief Financial
Officer    
 
  Dated: November 4, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 d231217dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Bancorp, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), do hereby certify that:      

(2) 
 The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/ S /    R ICHARD  K. D AVIS  

/ S /    T ERRANCE  R. D OLAN   
 
   Richard K. Davis    Chief Executive
Officer        Dated: November 4, 2016  

Terrance R. Dolan    Chief Financial
Officer    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 usb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 usb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 usb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 usb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 usb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 usb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

