<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1534525_0001683168-16-000646_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1746679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82333</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>134413</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>346846</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>642445</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>490765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000646.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000646
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534525
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				452952962
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37937
		FILM NUMBER:		161995992

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 HAYDEN AVENUE, SUITE 230
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02421
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-778-7720

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 HAYDEN AVENUE, SUITE 230
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02421

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	General Sales & Leasing, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENERAL AIRCRAFT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000646.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 xenetic_10q-093016.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x     QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   

  For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

TRANSITION
REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   

  For the transition period from                     
to                       

Commission File Number: 333-178082  

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days): Yes   x   No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files): Yes   x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2): Yes       No   x  

As of November 14, 2016 the number of outstanding
shares of the registrant s common stock was 8,288,644. 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

PART I   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1  
      Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
      5   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      6   

Item 2  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      15   

Item 3  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      21   

Item 4  
      Controls and Procedures  
      21   

PART II   
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1  
      Legal Proceedings  
      22   

Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
      22   

Item 2  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      22   

Item 3  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      22   

Item 4  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      22   

Item 5  
      Other Information  
      22   

Item 6  
      Exhibits  
      22   

Signatures   
      23   

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (Unaudited)   

1.   
       The Company     

Background    

Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.
(the  Company ), incorporated in the state of Nevada and based in Lexington, Massachusetts, is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical
company that is focused on the discovery, development and planned commercialization of a new generation of human drug therapies
for the treatment of a variety of conditions including anemia, endometrial cancer, refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Cystic Fibrosis
and certain other cancers based upon its proprietary and patented drug delivery platform systems and drug development collaborations
with major third party pharmaceutical companies around the world. 

We incorporate our patented
and proprietary technologies into a number of drug candidates currently under development either in-house or with biotechnology
and pharmaceutical collaborators in order to create what we believe will be the next-generation biologic drugs and therapeutics.
While we primarily focus on researching and developing orphan oncology drugs, we also have significant interests in drugs being
developed by our collaborators to treat, among others, hemophilia and anemia. Our four core proprietary technologies are: 

PolyXen   
      An enabling biological platform technology designed to extend the circulation in the human body for a variety of existing drug molecules and, thereby, to create potentially superior next generation drug candidates. PolyXen is based on the concept of polysialylation and utilizes polysialic acid, or PSA, which is a biopolymer, comprising a chain of sialic acids molecules. PSA is a natural constituent of the human body, though we obtain our PSA from a bacterial source.   
 
      Virexxa   
      A small molecule therapeutic with the potential to confer sensitivity to cancer cells to hormone therapeutics that are otherwise insensitive to such treatments. Virexxa, sodium cridanimod, belongs to a class of low-molecular weight synthetic interferon inducers. In addition to its immunomodulatory properties, Virexxa has been shown to increase levels of progesterone receptor expression in tumor tissue of patients who are progesterone receptor deficient, and thus may restore sensitivity of non-responsive endometrial cancers to hormonal (e.g., progestin) therapy. Based on preclinical observations, Virexxa may also be therapeutically relevant in other hormone-resistant cancers, such as triple-negative breast cancer. Virexxa has been granted an Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA, for treatment of progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer in conjunction with progesterone therapy.   
 
      OncoHist   
      A novel therapeutic platform technology that utilizes the properties of modified human histone H1.3 for targeted cell necrosis or apoptosis programed cell death, which may enable OncoHist to treat a broad range of cancer indications. OncoHist, unlike many competing oncology therapies, is based on a molecule occurring naturally in the human body, in the cell nucleus, and is therefore expected to be less toxic and immunogenic than other oncology therapies.   
 
      ImuXen   
      A novel liposomal co-entrapment encapsulation technology designed to maximize both cell and immune system mediated responses. The technology is based on the co-entrapment of the nominated antigen(s) in a liposomal vesicle. The technology when applied may create new vaccines and improve the use and efficacy of certain existing human vaccines.   

These proprietary technologies
may address unmet needs, improve the performance of existing drugs, and create new patentable drug candidates. All of our drug
candidates are in the development stage and none has yet received regulatory approval for marketing in the U.S. by the Food and
Drug Administration ( FDA ) or by any applicable agencies in other countries. 

Going Concern and Management s
Plan   

While these condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, conditions as of the balance sheet date raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. As part of management s plan to address these conditions,
on November 7, 2016, the Company issued $10 million of units consisting of Series B preferred stock and warrants, which management
believes is sufficient to settle the Company s obligations and support operations for 12 months from issuance of these financial
statements. See also Note 12  Subsequent Events . 

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying
amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

2.   
       Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     

Preparation of Interim Financial
Statements    

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements were prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) and, in the opinion of management, include all normal and recurring adjustments necessary to present
fairly the results of the interim periods shown. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( US GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted
pursuant to such SEC rules and regulations. Management believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information
presented not misleading. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. The
condensed consolidated financial statements contained herein should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Reclassifications   

Certain items previously
reported in specific financial statement captions have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation, including
warrant expense in the condensed statements of cash flows and Note 8  Share-Based Compensation . Such reclassifications do
not materially impact previously reported operating income (loss), net income (loss), total assets, liabilities or stockholders 
equity (deficit). 

Principles of Consolidation

The financial statements
of the Company include the accounts of Xenetic Biosciences (UK) Limited ( Xenetic UK ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries:
Lipoxen Technologies Limited, Xenetic Bioscience, Incorporated, and SymbioTec GmbH ( SymbioTec ). All material intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.      

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In March 2016, the FASB
issued guidance to simplify several aspects of employee share-based payment accounting, including income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance will become effective
for us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption
of this standard. 

There has been no other
material changes to the recent accounting pronouncements under consideration since those described in our Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on March 30, 2016. 

3.   
       Significant Strategic Drug Development Collaborations   Related Parties    

The Company has entered
into various research, development, license and supply agreements with Shire plc ( Shire ), formerly Baxalta Incorporated
(a spinoff of the biopharmaceuticals business from Baxter Healthcare SA and Baxter Healthcare Corporation), SynBio LLC ( SynBio ),
Serum Institute of India ( Serum ) and PJSC Pharmsynthez ( Pharmsynthez ). The Company and its collaborative
partners continue to engage in research and development activities with no resultant commercial products through September 30,
2016. No amounts were recognized as revenue related to these agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

4.   
       Property and Equipment, net     

Property and equipment,
net consists of the following: 

Depreciation expense was
$9,082 and $8,644 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $27,246 and $40,107 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

5.   
       Hybrid Debt Instruments    

On July 1, 2015, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  SPA ) with Pharmsynthez providing for the issuance of a minimum
of a $3 million 10% Senior Secured Collateralized Convertible Promissory Note (the  SPA Note ). The SPA also provides
for the issuance of certain warrants up to the amount of the SPA Note. The convertible debt and its embedded debt-like features
were recorded on the face of the condensed consolidated balance sheet within current liabilities as an aggregate hybrid debt instrument. 

On November 13, 2015,
the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  APA ) with Pharmsynthez providing for the issuance of a
minimum of a $3.5 million 10% Senior Secured Collateralized Convertible Promissory Note (the  APA Note ) and the transfer
to the Company of certain intellectual property rights with respect to Virexxa in exchange for, among others, 111.5 million shares
of our common stock. The APA also provides for the issuance of certain warrants covering up to half the amount of the APA Note.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company issued $3.5 million of convertible debt as well as the associated warrants,
both in connection with the APA Note. The convertible debt and its embedded debt-like features were recorded on the face of the
condensed consolidated balance sheet within current liabilities as an aggregate hybrid debt instrument. 

On April 22, 2016, Pharmsynthez
converted all convertible notes in the principal amount of $6.5 million plus accrued interest of approximately $228,000, issued
by the Company to Pharmsynthez in 2015 and 2016. The conversion rate was $4.95 per share. As such, the Company issued to Pharmsynthez
1,373,036 shares of common stock in connection with conversion of the convertible notes. The related embedded derivatives, which
had been bifurcated from the host debt and accounted for separately, were settled by action of the conversion. The Company recognized
a net loss on conversion, including a final mark-to-market of the compound derivative, of $4.4 million, which is recorded in other
expense in the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

On July 1, 2016, the Company
issued a convertible promissory note (the  Note ) in the amount of $500,000 to Pharmsynthez, our majority shareholder.
In consideration for the promissory note, we issued Pharmsynthez warrants (the  Warrants ) to purchase 50,505 shares
of our common stock at the lesser of $6.60 per share and 120% of the price per share in the Company s next capital raise
of at least $15 million (the  Exercise Price ). The Note is convertible into shares of our common stock at any time
at a conversion price of $4.95 per share (subject to price protection and usual and customary adjustments). The Warrants may be
exercised at any time through the five-year anniversary. The maturity date of the Note is one year from issuance and is convertible,
in whole or in part, into shares of common stock at the option of the holder, at any time and from time to time in accordance with
the terms contained therein. Upon a public offering, as defined, the holder shall convert the Note to shares of the Company s
common stock in accordance with the conversion terms contained therein. 

Mr. M. Scott Maguire is
our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Maguire s current annual salary is $505,735 pursuant to his written employment agreement
with the Company. Of Mr. Maguire s 2015 salary amount and 2016 salary amount through today, fifty percent (50%) has been
paid in cash and fifty percent (50%) has been deferred and accrued pursuant to an unwritten arrangement between us and Mr. Maguire.
On July 1, 2016, we issued a convertible promissory note (the  CEO Note ) in the amount of $369,958 and warrants to
purchase 37,369 shares of our common stock at the Exercise Price to Mr. Maguire for the deferred salary. The maturity date of the
CEO Note is September 30, 2016. Upon a public offering, as defined, and at the option of the holder, the CEO Note may be settled
in cash or by means of conversion into shares of common stock in accordance with the conversion terms contained therein. 

On August 26 and September
9, 2016 we issued convertible promissory notes (the  Further Notes ) in the amount of $178,000 and $322,000, respectively,
and warrants to purchase 50,505 shares of our common stock at the Exercise Price to Pharmsynthez. The notes are convertible into
shares of our common stock at any time at a conversion price of $4.00 per share (subject to price protection and usual and customary
adjustments) or may be applied toward the Offering, at the option of Pharmsynthez. The maturity date of the Further Notes is one
year from issuance and is convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of common stock at the option of the holder, at any time
and from time to time in accordance with the terms contained therein. Upon execution of an underwriting agreement following declaration
of effectiveness by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the registration statement filed in connection with the Company s
contemplated public offering, the balance of the Further Notes shall automatically convert into units of the Company s contemplated
public offering in accordance with the conversion terms contained therein. 

The Note, CEO Note and
Further Notes (together, the  Period Notes ) share the same principal terms and features. The Period Notes are convertible
debt and include embedded debt-like features which are recorded on the face of the condensed consolidated balance sheet within
current liabilities as an aggregate hybrid debt instrument. 

The fair value of the
compound derivatives bifurcated from the Period Notes are remeasured at each report date until settled, with changes in fair value
recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss as a gain or loss on derivative. Refer to Note 6 Fair Value Measurements
for a table showing changes in the combined compound derivative during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The key assumptions used
to calculate the estimated fair value of the compound derivative liability as of September 30, 2016, and as of December 31, 2015
are as follows: 

Upon issuance of the Further
Notes the offset to debt arising from the associated recording of the compound derivative liability, the warrants and the associated
issuance costs exceeded the debt proceeds by $106,566. This amount was recorded as a loss in other expense in the condensed consolidated
statement of comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense related
to the SPA Note, the APA Note, and the Period Notes of approximately $341,000 and $690,000 was recognized in the condensed consolidated
statement of comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

6.   
       Fair Value Measurements     

ASC Topic 820,  Fair
Value Measurement,  defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy,
which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon
the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.
Level 2 utilizes quoted market prices in markets that are not active, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources
with reasonable levels of price transparency. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability in which there
is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. 

The Company s cash
and restricted cash are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
The carrying amount of certain of the Company s financial instruments approximate fair value due to their short maturities.
The Company s derivative liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are classified as Level 3 in the
fair value hierarchy. 

The following table provides
a summary of the changes in fair value of the compound derivative measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant
unobservable inputs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

There were no financial
instruments classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

7.   
       Stockholders  Equity     

Reverse Stock Split   

On May 16, 2016, our board
of directors approved a reduction, on a 1 for 33 basis, in our authorized common stock, par value $0.001, along with a corresponding
and proportional decrease in the number of shares issued and outstanding. This reduction was filed with the Nevada Secretary of
State on May 18, 2016, but required a review by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. ( FINRA ) before
becoming effective in the market. On May 31, 2016, FINRA announced that this change took effect in the over-the-counter securities
markets on June 1, 2016. 

All share information
provided herein reflects the effect of the reverse stock split for all periods presented. 

Common Stock   

On April 29, 2016, the
Company closed on the APA with an effective date of April 27, 2016, acquiring in-process research and development ( IPR D )
related to certain intellectual property rights with respect to the immunomodulator product Virexxa held by Kevelt including the
grant of the worldwide right to develop, market and license Virexxa for certain uses. In connection with the closing of the APA,
the Company issued 3.05 million shares of its common stock to Pharmsynthez and, because there was no alternative use for the IPR D,
the Company recognized $39.5 million of expense based on the fair value of Virexxa IP received, which was determined to be more
reliably measured than the related equity consideration. Included in the $39.5 million expense was the $3.74 million prepayment
recorded in 2015. 

On September 15, 2016,
the Company issued 211,486 shares of common stock to Serum in exchange for $750,000 of research and development ( R D )
and clinical PSA supply as well as settlement of prior purchases of PSA supply. Serum is a related party and the share transaction
was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Following the issuance and as of September 30, 2016, Serum s share
ownership of the Company was approximately 7.6%. 

On September 23, 2016,
SynBio, one of our largest shareholders, exchanged 970,000 shares of common stock in the Company for an equal number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Preferred Stock   

As approved by the Company s
Board of Directors, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Series
A Preferred Stock on September 13, 2016, and subsequently filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A
Preferred Stock (the  Amended Series A Certificate of Designation ). Pursuant to the Amended Series A Certificate of
Designation, the Company designated 1,000,000 shares as Series A preferred stock. Each share of Series A preferred stock has a
stated value of $0.001 per share. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Series
A preferred stock will be entitled to a per share preferential payment equal to $4.80, the stated value. Each share of Series A
preferred stock is convertible into one (1) share of common stock. The conversion ratio is subject to adjustment in the event of
stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. Except as otherwise provided in
the Amended Series A Certificate of Designation or as otherwise required by law, the Series A has no voting rights. 

As of September 30, 2015,
there were 970,000 shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding which are convertible into 970,000 shares of common
stock. 

Financing Warrants   

In connection with the
Company s issuance of the APA Note in March 2016, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 0.35 million shares of common
stock in accordance with the terms of the APA (the  APA Warrant ) at the Exercise Price. The APA Warrant has a five-year
term and is exercisable commencing March 31, 2016. If the APA Note is not repaid or converted on or before six months from the
date of issuance, the Holder will be issued an additional warrant to purchase 0.35 million shares of common stock under the same
terms as the Warrant. At issuance the Company determined there was a low probability that the APA Note would not be repaid or converted
within the period six months from the date of issuance and, therefore, did not account for the additional warrant as issued. (The
APA Note was converted in April 2016.) The fair value of the warrant was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
Key valuation assumptions used consist of the Company s stock price, a risk free rate of 1.42% and an expected volatility
of 135% and no expected dividends. Using an allocation of the APA Note proceeds between the relative fair values of the APA Warrant
and the APA Note, the Company recorded the APA Warrant at a value of $1.7 million on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as
equity paid-in-capital. 

In connection with the
Company s issuance of each of the Period Notes during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 138,379 shares of common stock at the Exercise Price and that are immediately exercisable. If the
Period Notes are not repaid or converted on or before six months from the date of the respective issuances, the holders will be
issued additional warrants to purchase 138,379 shares of common stock under the same terms as the immediately exercisable warrants.
The Company has accounted for both sets of warrants (the  Period Warrants ) as issued contemporaneous with the issuance
of the associated debt instrument. The Period Warrants have five-year terms. The fair values of the Period Warrants were calculated
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Key valuation assumptions used consist of the Company s stock price, risk
free rates between 1.00% and 1.13% and expected volatilities of 110% and 120% and no expected dividends. Using allocations of
the individual Period Note proceeds between the relative fair values of the individual Period Warrants and the Period Notes, the
Company recorded the Period Warrants at an aggregate value of $0.41 million on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as equity
paid-in-capital. 

8.   
       Share-Based Compensation     

Total share-based compensation
related to stock options, common stock awards, and non-financing warrants was $616,933 and $2,057,519 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2,635,196 and $2,294,717 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Share-based compensation
expense is classified in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as follows: 

Employee Stock Options   

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company granted 12,122 employee stock options. The key valuation assumptions used consisted
of the Company s stock price, a risk free rate of 0.54% and an expected volatility of 123% and no expected dividends. There
were no employee stock options granted during the same period in 2015. In March 2016, the Company extended the exercise expiration
date of certain former employee stock option awards resulting in a change in incremental value of approximately $24,000 which was
charged to administrative expense. In August 2016, the Company modified the exercise price and vesting of certain employee stock
option awards resulting in a change in incremental value and catch up of share-based amortization of approximately $148,000 which
was charged to administrative and research and development expense. 

The Company
recognized compensation expense related to employee stock options of $521,746 and $1,412,992 during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,311,074 and $1,497,295 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

Non-Employee Stock
Options   

No non-employee stock
options were granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015 and no non-employee stock options were exercised during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. In August 2016, the Company modified the exercise price and vesting of certain
non-employee stock option awards resulting in a change in incremental value and catch up of share-based amortization of approximately
$17,000 which was charged to administrative expense. The Company recognized compensation expense related to non-employee stock
options of $60,435 and $177,351 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $62,938 and $186,544
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Common stock awards   

The Company granted 8,146
and 371,292 common stock awards during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 20,309 and 605,580
common stock awards during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, based on the value of the services
provided and the average stock price during each respective period. The Company recognized compensation expense related to common
stock awards of $36,542 and $116,045 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $144,332 and
$167,045 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Warrants   

In connection with certain
of the Company s collaboration agreements and consulting arrangements, the Company has issued warrants to purchase shares
of common stock. On May 16, 2016, the Company modified the exercise price of 150,307 performance-based warrants held by Serum and
individuals related to Serum from $25.41 to $7.92 and resulted in an incremental value expense of $204,000. Additionally, the Company
issued 212,122 warrants to purchase shares of common stock to Serum with an exercise price of $7.92. The new warrants were fully
vested and the Company recognized $1.37 million of expense related to the grant. 

As of September 30, 2016,
and December 31, 2015, warrants to purchase 758,347 shares of common stock were outstanding. These warrants were fair valued at
each issuance date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Warrants for which a measurement date has not been reached are
subject to re-measurement at each reporting period until the measurement date is reached. Expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the expected service period or at the date of issuance, if there is not a service period. Expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, was $1.1 million including the incremental value recognized for the warrant modification. The Company
issued no warrants in connection with collaboration agreements and consulting services during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

The Company recognized
warrant expense (gain) in connection with collaboration and consulting arrangements of ($1,790) and $326,123 during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,116,852 and $418,826 during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

9.   
       Income Taxes     

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there was no provision for income taxes as the Company incurred losses during both periods.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company records a valuation allowance
against its deferred tax assets as the Company believes it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The valuation allowance against deferred tax assets was approximately $16.5 million and $15.3 million as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016,
and December 31, 2015, the net deferred tax liability of $2,918,518 on the condensed consolidated balance sheets is related to
book and tax basis differences for intangible assets with indefinite lives that were acquired in the January 2012 acquisition of
SymbioTec. In accordance with ASC 740-10-30-18, the deferred tax liability related to the intangible assets cannot be used to offset
deferred tax assets when determining the amount of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets which are not more-likely-than-not
to be realized. This results in a net deferred tax liability, even though the Company has a full valuation allowance on its other
net deferred tax assets. This net deferred tax liability will continue to be reflected on the balance sheet until the related intangible
assets are no longer held by the Company. 

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company did not record any unrecognized tax positions. 

In August 2013, the Company
entered into an agreement to lease office and laboratory space in Lexington, Massachusetts under an operating lease with a commencement
date of January 1, 2014 and a termination date of January 31, 2019. With the execution of this lease, the Company is
required to maintain a $66,000 letter of credit as a security deposit. In connection with the Lexington lease, the Company recorded
$68,742 as prepaid rent as of September 30, 2016, with $39,281 recorded as a non-current asset. The Company also incurred a liability
of $89,074 with respect to the Company s contribution to the landlord s leasehold improvements, of which $43,707 is
outstanding as of September 30, 2016, with $24,740 recorded as a non-current liability, respectively. This liability is repayable
as additional rent expense over the term of the lease and bears interest at 6%. The Company also leased office space in London,
UK during 2014, however the lease was terminated in March 2015 in accordance with the terms of the lease. 

11.   
       Related Party Transactions     

In May 2011, the Company
received a short term unsecured loan facility of up to $1.7 million from SynBio, an affiliate of the Company, of which $152,529
and $395,000 was outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In connection with the APA, the
Company made a series of payments during the first two quarters of 2016 totaling $242,471 to creditors of Kevelt. Pursuant to the
APA such payments are considered direct offsets to the loan with SynBio. No payments were made during the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The loan had an interest rate of 8.04% per annum as of the date of grant, with interest payable upon repayment of the
loan, which was to be seven months after the closing date of the loan. During 2012, the loan matured and it was agreed by both
parties that the loan can be called due with full repayment of the outstanding principal including accrued interest upon future
agreement by both parties. It was also agreed as of July 1, 2012 that no further interest on the outstanding loan balance
would be accrued. The loan is recorded in  Loans due to related parties  within current liabilities. 

The Company has entered
into various research, development, license and supply agreements with Shire, SynBio, Serum and Pharmsynthez, each a related party
whose relationship and ownership has not materially changed from that disclosed in our 10-K/A filed April 29, 2016. 

As approved by the Company s
Board of Directors, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Series
B Preferred Stock on October 13, 2016, and subsequently filed a Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series
B Preferred Stock (the  Amended Series B Certificate of Designation ). Pursuant to the Amended Series B Certificate
of Designation, the Company designated 2,500,000 shares as Series B preferred stock. Each share of Series B preferred stock has
a stated value of $0.001 per share. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Series
B preferred stock will be entitled to a per share preferential payment equal to $4.00, the stated value. Each share of Series A
preferred stock is convertible into one (1) share of common stock (i.e., an initial conversion price of $4.00). The conversion
ratio is subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization
transactions. In addition, subject to shareholder approval, if the Company issues or sells common stock or common stock equivalents
entitling the grantee or purchaser to acquire shares of common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
applicable Series B conversion price (such lower price, the  Base Conversion Price ), the Series B conversion price
will be reduced to the Base Conversion Price. Except as otherwise provided in the Amended Series B Certificate of Designation or
as otherwise required by law, the Series B has no voting rights. 

On November 7, 2016, the
Company closed on an approximate $10 million underwritten public offering issuing 2,424,242 units (the  Units ) at
a purchase price of $4.125 per unit (the  Public Offering Close ). The Units sold consisted of (i) 484,849 shares of
convertible Series B Preferred Stock (the  Shares ) and a Class A Warrant (the  Class A Warrant ) to purchase
one share of the Company common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ) with an exercise price of $4.00
per warrant, and (ii) 1,939,393 shares of convertible Series B Preferred Stock (also, the  Shares ) and a Class B Warrant
(the  Class B Warrant  and together with the Class A Warrant, the  Warrants ) to purchase one share of
Common Stock, each with an exercise price of $4.00 per warrant. 

Pursuant to the terms
therein and in connection with the Public Offering Close, the balances of the Period Notes were settled as follows: 

-  The Note converted to shares of common stock   

-  The CEO Note was settled in cash   

-  The Further Notes converted into Units which are included in the aggregate 2,424,242 disclosed
above.   

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This report contains both
historical and forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are not based on historical
facts, but rather reflect the current expectations of our management concerning future results and events. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our plans to continue the development of our proposed drug candidates;
our expectations regarding the nature, timing and extent of clinical trials and proposed clinical trials; our expectations regarding
the timing for proposed submissions of regulatory filings, including but not limited to any Investigational New Drug ( IND )
filing or any new drug application ( NDA ); the nature, timing and extent of collaboration arrangements; the expected
results pursuant to collaboration arrangements including the receipts of future payments that may arise pursuant to collaboration
arrangements; the outcome of our plans to obtain regulatory approval of our drug candidates; the outcome of our plans for the commercialization
of our drug candidates; our plans to address certain markets, engage third party manufacturers, and evaluate additional drug candidates
for subsequent commercial development, and the likelihood and extent of competition to our drug candidates. 

In some cases, these statements
may be identified by terminology such as  may ,  will ,  should ,  expect ,  plan ,
 anticipate ,  believe ,  estimate ,  predict ,  potential , or  continue ,
or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements contained herein are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, the levels of activity, performance or achievements.
These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our or our industry s results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. 

The Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (the  MD A ) should be read together with
our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report. This quarterly report, including the MD A,
contains trend analysis and other forward-looking statements. Any statements in this quarterly report that are not statements of
historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements made herein are based on our current expectations,
involve a number of risks and uncertainties and should not be considered as guarantees of future performance. 

The single most pressing
factor that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely is our need to raise additional working capital for the
purpose of further developing our various drug candidates. 

Other factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially include without limitation: 

our ability to finance our business;   

our ability to achieve milestone and other payments associated with our co-development collaborations and strategic arrangements;   

the impact of new technologies on our drug candidates and our competition;   

changes in laws or regulations of governmental agencies;   

interruptions or cancellation of existing contracts;   

impact of competitive products and pricing;   

product demand and market acceptance and risks;   

the presence of competitors with greater financial resources;   

product development and commercialization risks;   

continued availability of supplies or materials used in manufacturing at the current prices;   

the ability of management to execute plans and motivate personnel in the execution of those plans;   

adverse publicity related to our products or the Company itself;   

adverse claims relating to our Intellectual Property ( IP );   

the adoption of new, or changes in, accounting principles;   

the costs inherent with complying with current and new statutes and regulations applicable to public reporting companies, such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and   

other new lines of business that the Company may enter in the future.   

These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements in this quarterly report.
Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on our future results. The forward-looking statements
in this quarterly report are made only as of the date of this quarterly report, and we do not have any obligation to publicly update
any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Please also refer to risk factors described on SEC
Form S-1 filed on May 9, 2016. 

ITEM 2   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

BUSINESS OVERVIEW  

Management s discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations ( MD A ) should be read in conjunction with the
condensed consolidated financial statements and related footnotes. 

The
Company, carrying on business in a single operating segment, is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovery,
research and development of next-generation biologic drugs and novel orphan oncology therapeutics that may contribute to improvements
in global human health. Our 200+ patent portfolio covers next generation biologic drugs and novel oncology therapeutics and provides
protection for our current drug candidates and positions as well as strategic partnership and commercialization opportunities. 

Our
objective is to leverage our portfolio to maximize out-license opportunities that generate working capital to both build incremental
shareholder value and provide funding necessary to clinically develop our orphan oncology drug candidate pipeline through to market
launch. 

Our
lead product candidates include ErepoXen, a polysialylated form of erythropoietin (EPO) for the treatment of anemia in pre-dialysis
patients with chronic kidney disease, and FDA orphan designated oncology therapeutics Virexxa and OncoHist for the treatment of
progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer and refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, respectively. 

Significant Transactions and Recent Developments  

Asset
Acquisition and Financing Arrangements   

On
November 13, 2015, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  APA ) with Pharmsynthez providing for
the issuance of a minimum of a $3.5 million 10% Senior Secured Collateralized Convertible Promissory Note (the  APA Note )
and the transfer to the Company of certain intellectual property rights with respect to Virexxa in exchange for, among others,
111.5 million shares of our common stock. The APA also provides for the issuance of certain warrants covering up to half the amount
of the APA Note. During the six months ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued $3.5 million of convertible debt as well as the
associated warrants, both in connection with the APA Note. The convertible debt and its embedded debt-like features were recorded
on the face of the consolidated balance sheet within current liabilities as an aggregate hybrid debt instrument. 

On
April 29, 2016, the Company closed on the APA with an effective date of April 27, 2016, acquiring certain intellectual property
rights with respect to the immunomodulator product Virexxa held by Kevelt and grant of the worldwide right to develop, market and
license Virexxa for certain uses. 

In
connection with the closing of the APA, the Company issued 3,045,455 shares of its common stock to Pharmsynthez. In addition, Pharmsynthez
converted all convertible notes (in the principal amount of $6.5 million plus accrued interest of approximately $300,000), issued
by the Company to Pharmsynthez in 2015 and 2016. The conversion rate as set forth in the notes was $4.95 per share. As such, the
Company issued to Pharmsynthez 1,373,036 shares of its common stock in connection with conversion of the convertible notes, which
amount, together with the 3,045,455 shares of common stock in connection with the closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement, resulted
in an aggregate of 4,418,491 new shares of common stock being issued to Pharmsynthez. 

On
July 1, 2016, we issued a convertible promissory note (the  Note ) in the amount of $500,000 to Pharmsynthez, our majority
shareholder. In consideration for the promissory note, we issued Pharmsynthez warrants (the  Warrants ) to purchase
50,505 shares of our common stock at the lesser of $6.60 per share and 120% of the price per share in the Company s next
capital raise of at least $15 million. The Note is convertible into shares of our common stock at any time at a conversion price
of $4.95 per share (subject to price protection and usual and customary adjustments). The Warrant may be exercised at any time
through the five-year anniversary. 

Mr.
M. Scott Maguire is our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Maguire s current annual salary is $505,735 pursuant to his written
employment agreement with the Company. Of Mr. Maguire s 2015 salary amount and 2016 salary amount through today, fifty percent
(50%) has been paid in cash and fifty percent (50%) has been deferred and accrued pursuant to an unwritten arrangement between
us and Mr. Maguire. On July 1, 2016, we issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of $369,958 and warrants to purchase
37,369 shares of our common stock at the Exercise Price to Mr. Maguire for the deferred salary. We also entered into a Deferred
Salary Security Agreement with Mr. Maguire, pursuant to which Mr. Maguire agreed to continue to defer fifty percent (50%) of his
salary until the earlier to occur of: (i) the closing of a public offering of our securities concurrent to a NASDAQ listing, or
(ii) September 30, 2016 (the  Deferral End Date ). All deferred salary shall become due and payable on the Deferral
End Date. As security for the payment of the deferred salary, we granted Mr. Maguire a continuing subordinated security interest
in our assets, including all inventory, accounts, accounts receivable, equipment, trademarks, contracts, copyrights and general
intangibles. 

On
August 26 and September 9, 2016 we issued convertible promissory notes in the amount of $178,000 and $322,000, respectively, to
Pharmsynthez. The notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at any time at a conversion price of $4.00 per share (subject
to price protection and usual and customary adjustments) or may be applied toward the Offering, at the option of Pharmsynthez. 

On
September 23, 2016, SynBio LLC, one of our largest shareholders exchanged 970,000 shares of common stock in the Company for an
equal number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Technology Overview   

We incorporate our patented
and proprietary technologies into a number of drug candidates currently under development either in-house or with biotechnology
and pharmaceutical collaborators in order to create what we believe will be the next-generation biologic drugs and therapeutics.
While we primarily focus on researching and developing orphan oncology drugs, we also have significant interests in drugs being
developed by our collaborators to treat, among others, hemophilia and anemia. Our four core proprietary technologies are:  

PolyXen     
      An enabling biological platform technology designed to extend the circulation in the human body for a variety of existing drug molecules and, thereby, to create potentially superior next generation drug candidates. PolyXen is based on the concept of polysialylation and utilizes polysialic acid, or PSA, which is a biopolymer, comprising a chain of sialic acids molecules. PSA is a natural constituent of the human body, though we obtain our PSA from a bacterial source.   

Virexxa   
      A small molecule therapeutic with the potential to confer sensitivity to cancer cells to hormone therapeutics that are otherwise insensitive to such treatments. Virexxa, sodium cridanimod, belongs to a class of low-molecular weight synthetic interferon inducers. In addition to its immunomodulatory properties, Virexxa has been shown to increase levels of progesterone receptor expression in tumor tissue of patients who are progesterone receptor deficient, and thus may restore sensitivity of non-responsive endometrial cancers to hormonal (e.g., progestin) therapy. Based on preclinical observations, Virexxa may also be therapeutically relevant in other hormone-resistant cancers, such as triple-negative breast cancer. Virexxa has been granted an Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA, for treatment of progesterone receptor negative endometrial cancer in conjunction with progesterone therapy.   
 
      OncoHist   
      A novel therapeutic platform technology that utilizes the properties of modified human histone H1.3 for targeted cell necrosis or apoptosis programed cell death, which may enable OncoHist to treat a broad range of cancer indications. OncoHist, unlike many competing oncology therapies, is based on a molecule occurring naturally in the human body, in the cell nucleus, and is therefore expected to be less toxic and immunogenic than other oncology therapies.   
 
      ImuXen   
      A novel liposomal co-entrapment encapsulation technology designed to maximize both cell and immune system mediated responses. The technology is based on the co-entrapment of the nominated antigen(s) in a liposomal vesicle. The technology when applied may create new vaccines and improve the use and efficacy of certain existing human vaccines.   

These proprietary technologies
may address unmet needs, improve the performance of existing drugs, and create new patentable drug candidates. All of our drug
candidates are in the development stage and none has yet received regulatory approval for marketing in the U.S. by the FDA or by
any applicable agencies in other countries. 

Our Business Strategy  

Our goal is to become
a leader in the development of novel orphan oncology drugs while leveraging our proprietary delivery technology as a vehicle for
creating next generation bio-therapeutics. 

Our strategy is to pursue
a continuous and ongoing effort of out-licensing our PolyXen platform technology to drive short-term, incremental shareholder value
and generate working capital to assist in providing the funding required to support our long-term development of orphan oncology
drug candidates through regulatory approval and commercialization. 

We advance our PolyXen
platform technology through collaborative out-license arrangements with global pharmaceutical companies that can apply the resources
necessary to bring the drug candidate to worldwide commercialization and with other partners that in-license our technology on
a restrictive-market basis. The latter provides access to clinical data which can assist us in making decisions about potential
monetization in larger markets. 

We believe our orphan
oncology drug candidates may meet an established and unmet therapeutic need for a relatively limited population of patients, and
products with very high sales potential   benefiting from more favorable price and reimbursement policies. 

We advance our drug candidates
through a combination of conducting our own in-house research and through the use of contract manufacturing and contract research
organizations in order to efficiently manage the Company s overheads. Continuous pipeline growth and advancement of out-licensed
drug candidates is dependent, in part, on several important co-development collaborations and strategic arrangements. Together
with our collaborative partners, we are focused on developing our pipeline of next generation bio-therapeutics and novel orphan
drugs in oncology based primarily on our PolyXen, OncoHist and Virexxa proprietary technologies. 

Critical Accounting Estimates  

The preparation of our
financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of expenses during
the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate management s estimates that are based on historical experience and
on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The result of these evaluations forms the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of expenses that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results
could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

There has been no material
change to our critical accounting estimates since those critical accounting estimates described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed on March 30, 2016. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Comparison of Quarter Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

 The comparison of our historical results of
operations for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 to the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2015 is set forth below: 

Research and Development   

Overall, corporate R D
expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 increased by $75,510, or 9% to $891,828 from $816,318 in the comparable quarter
in 2015. The table below sets forth the R D costs incurred by the Company, by category of expense, for the quarters ended September
30, 2016 and 2015: 

The
increase in R D expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily
due to the Company s initial scaling up of Virexxa clinical development. Share-based compensation expense fluctuated primarily
due to the period-over-period remeasurement of warrants held by collaboration partners. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses decreased approximately $1.6 million or 54% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 to $1,359,801 from $2,984,484 in
the same quarter in 2015. The most significant drivers of the change were related to a decrease of approximately $724,000 and $287,000
in share-based expense and executive termination compensation, respectively, as well as an approximate $523,000 decrease legal,
professional, and other consulting services. 

Hybrid Debt Instrument  

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued $1.37 million and $3.0 million in convertible promissory notes. The notes
included embedded derivatives, which had been bifurcated from the host debt and accounted for separately, which required adjustments
for changes in fair value over each period. The period adjustments were lower by approximately $1.6 million in the three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 due the lower face value of the instruments coupled changes in valuation
inputs. 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

The comparison of our
historical results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is set
forth below: 

Research and Development   

Overall, corporate R D
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $40.6 million, or 1,687% to $43,026,322 from $2,407,141 in the
comparable period in 2015. The table below sets forth the R D costs incurred by the Company, by category of expense, for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The
increase in R D expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily
due to the Company s acquisition and immediate expensing of the Virexxa asset ($39.5 million) coupled with $1.1 million
recognized in connection with warrants issued to Serum. Separate from these, R D costs were relative flat period over period. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses decreased by $0.4 million or 9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $4,339,844 from $4,723,109 in the comparable
period of 2015. The most significant drivers of the change were a decrease of approximately $799,000 in personnel and share-based
compensation expense offset by an increase in approximately $402,000 in outside consulting services. 

Hybrid Debt Instrument  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued $4.87 million and $3.0 million in convertible promissory notes. The notes
included embedded derivatives, which had been bifurcated from the host debt and accounted for separately. Adjustments for changes
in estimated fair value of the compound derivatives for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was a gain of approximately $2.1
million compared to a $1.3 million loss in the same period of 2015. In April 2016, $6.5 million of the host debt instruments were
converted to common shares which settled the associated compound derivatives. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense
increased by approximately $560,000 or 429% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, to $690,118 from $130,408 in the
comparable period 2015. The increase in interest expense is primarily due to interest charges associated with the SPA Note,
APA Notes and Period Notes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had working capital deficits of approximately $3.5 million and $3.2 million, respectively.
At September 30, 2016 we had approximately $0.2 million in cash and $3.7 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses. At December
31, 2015, we had approximately $0.13 million in cash and $3.3 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses. Our working capital
has increased in 2016 due primarily to $4.5 million of debt proceeds offset by $4.4 million net cash used during the nine months
end September 30, 2016, which consisted of meeting creditor obligations, furthering our clinical development, and other general
operating needs. 

In November 2015 we entered
into the APA which included the 1 st  amendment to the SPA (the  Amended SPA ) wherein Pharmsynthez agreed
to purchase from the Company up to $3.5 million of additional 10% Convertible Promissory Notes (the  APA Notes ). The
APA contains a total financing commitment from Pharmsynthez in the amount of $10 million. The APA Notes represent bridge financing
to be drawn down from this $10 million. On July 1, 2016, the Company issued an additional $0.5 million note under APA, leaving
a balance of $6.0 million in funding commitment from Pharmsynthez. 

On November 7, 2016, the
Company closed on an approximate $10 million underwritten public offering issuing 2,424,242 units (the  Units ) at
a purchase price of $4.125 per unit, which includes $6 million from Pharmsynthez. The Units sold consisted of (i) 484,849 shares
of convertible Series B Preferred Stock (the  Shares ) and a Class A Warrant (the  Class A Warrant ) to
purchase one share of the Company common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ) with an exercise price
of $4.00 per warrant, and (ii) 1,939,393 shares of convertible Series B Preferred Stock (also, the  Shares ) and a
Class B Warrant (the  Class B Warrant  and together with the Class A Warrant, the  Warrants ) to purchase
one share of Common Stock, each with an exercise price of $4.00 per warrant. 

We believe the proceeds
from the November 7, 2016, sale of Units is sufficient to settle the Company s obligations and support operations for 12
months from issuance of these financial statements. 

Until we reach commercialization
of our technology or receive significant and regular cash flows from our current collaborations or from planned out-licensing of
our technology, we expect the trend of accessing capital markets to finance our working capital needs to continue. 

The only significant cash
receipts that we could expect from our current collaborations would be from Shire. Due to the uncertainties and risks inherent
in the clinical development process, we are unable to predict precisely when those receipts may occur, if ever. We do not expect
any significant receipts to become due within the next five months. However, there can be no assurance that future receipts will
ever become due because they are contingent on positive outcomes from Shire s clinical development efforts in connection
with the Factor VIII drug candidate. 

We have commenced the
process of seeking out-license arrangements for our ErepoXen  technology but are currently unable to reliably predict when
that process may result in an agreement. Due to the uncertainties inherent in the clinical research process and unknown future
market conditions, there can be no assurance our ErepoXen  technology will lead to any future income. 

Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities

Cash flows used in operating
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $4.1 million, which includes a net loss of approximately
$53.5 million offset by approximately $48.2 million in non-cash charges related to the Virexxa asset acquisition, which was immediately
expensed ($39.5 million), as well as the hybrid debt instrument ($6.2 million including issuance loss, interest, amortization,
change in fair value, and loss on extinguishment upon conversion of the debt host). In addition, as the Company recognized a net
non-cash charge of approximately $2.6 million for share-based compensation and warrants. 

Cash flows used in operating
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 totaled approximately $4.2 million, which includes a net loss of approximately
$8.9 million These were partially offset by approximately $2.3 million in non-cash charges for share-based compensation, $1.3 million
in charges related to the change in fair value of derivatives, $0.6 million in net decreases in receivables, other assets and increases
in accounts payable and accrued expenses and approximately $0.3 million in foreign exchange translation charges. The $4.2 million
includes cash expenses of approximately $1.3 million in professional fees, $1.1 million in salaries, employee fringe benefits and
related taxes, including scientific staff, $0.8 million in program-specific clinical development costs, $0.2 million in rent and
utilities expenses and $0.1 million in insurance costs. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities  

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, there were no significant cash sources or uses from investing activities. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities   

The Company received $4.5
million in proceeds from issuance of $4.5 million 10% convertible secured promissory notes in connection with the APA. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

The Company has no off
balance sheet financing arrangements. The Company has one facility lease obligation and written employment agreements with three
key employees as of September 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In March 2016, the FASB
issued guidance to simplify several aspects of employee share-based payment accounting, including income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance will become effective
for us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption
of this standard. 

There has been no other
material changes to the recent accounting pronouncements under consideration since those described in our Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on March 30, 2016.  

  Available Information   

Our website address is
 www.xeneticbio.com.  The information in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
those reports are available, free of charge, on or through our website as soon as practicable after we electronically file such
forms, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). The public may read and copy any
materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information
on the operations of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at  www.sec.gov.   

ITEM 3   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

We are not required to
provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 4   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Based on this evaluation
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered
by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and
are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting   

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are not currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to
time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings, incidental to the normal course of our business. While the outcome of these
legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon
our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS  

There were no material
changes to the risk factors described on SEC Form S-1 filed on May 9, 2016 (except to the extent additional factual information
disclosed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relates to such risk factors (including, without limitation, the matters
discussed in Part 1, Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations)). 

ITEM 2   UNREGISTERED SALES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5   OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6   EXHIBITS  

The attached list of exhibits
in the  Exhibit Index  immediately preceding the exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein
by reference to this item. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC.   

November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
      /S/ MICHAEL SCOTT MAGUIRE   

Michael Scott Maguire   

Chief Executive Officer and President     

EXHIBIT INDEX  

EXHIBIT   
  NUMBER   
       DESCRIPTION    
 
      31.1 *  
      Certification of Michael Scott Maguire, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2 *  
      Certification of Michael Scott Maguire, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1 **  
      Certifications of Michael Scott Maguire, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      101 *  
      XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language). The following materials from Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

*  
      Exhibit filed with this report   
 
      **  
      Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibit be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as otherwise stated in such filing   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 xenetic_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a),  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Michael Scott Maguire, certify that: 

1.  
       
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.;   

2.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
       
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
       
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
       
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
       
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
       
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
       
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ Michael Scott Maguire  

 Michael Scott Maguire 

 Principal Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 xenetic_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a),  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Michael Scott Maguire, certify that: 

1.  
       
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.;   

2.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
       
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
       
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
       
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
       
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
       
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
       
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
       
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ Michael Scott Maguire  

 Michael Scott Maguire 

 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 xenetic_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, the undersigned officers
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge: 

1.  
       
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  
       
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:  /s/ Michael Scott Maguire  

 Michael Scott Maguire 

 Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 xbio-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 xbio-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 xbio-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 xbio-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 xbio-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 xbio-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

