<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1595552_0001477932-16-013540_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1395507</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181597</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>113067</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>341692</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>337035</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>289653</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013540.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115095603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013540
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Peekay Boutiques, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001595552
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				464007972
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-193618
		FILM NUMBER:		161998062

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 WEST MAIN STREET
		CITY:			AUBURN
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-620-0974

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 WEST MAIN STREET
		CITY:			AUBURN
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dico, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131230

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013540.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 pkay_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   pkay_10q.htm      
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q    (Mark One)         For the quarterly period ended:  September 30, 2016            For the transition period from ____________ to _____________     Commission File Number:  333-193618                PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                  Nevada           46-4007972        (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)           901 West Main Street, Suite A, Auburn, WA 98001    (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code)       1-800-447-2993    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)     _____________________________________________________________  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                Large accelerated filer         Accelerated filer             Non-accelerated filer         Smaller reporting company      x       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)                    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x      The number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of November 14, 2016 is as follows:            

Peekay Boutiques, Inc.       Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q     Period Ended September 30, 2016        TABLE OF CONTENTS                          Page                                    PART I         FINANCIAL INFORMATION                         Item 1.     Financial Statements.       3                          Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.       4                          Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       21                          Item 4.      Controls and Procedures.       21                                                           PART II         OTHER INFORMATION                         Item 1.     Legal Proceedings.       23                          Item 1A.      Risk Factors.       23                          Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       23                          Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       23                          Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures.       23                          Item 5.     Other Information.       24                          Item 6.      Exhibits.       25                   PART I      FINANCIAL INFORMATION         ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.                         3       
     Table of Contents           PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS             The accompanying condensed notes, together with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Form 10-K     for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, are an integral part of these financial statements.                   F-1       
     Table of Contents           PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    (Unaudited)             The accompanying condensed notes, together with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Form 10-K    for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, are an integral part of these financial statements.                   F-2       
     Table of Contents           PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    (Unaudited)             The accompanying condensed notes, together with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Form 10-K     for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, are an integral part of these financial statements.                    F-3       
     Table of Contents           PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.     CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION        Description of Business       At the close of business on December 31, 2014, Christals Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Christals Acquisition ) and its members entered into a securities exchange agreement ( Exchange Agreement ) with Dico, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding equity capital of Christals Acquisition in exchange for 420,812 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which constituted 70.5% of the issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully-diluted basis as of and immediately after the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement. In addition, at the closing of the share exchange, Christals paid the Company $350,000 in cash, which was immediately used for the following purposes (i) to pay down all of the Company s outstanding liabilities, (ii) $308,436 of this cash was used as a partial payment toward the redemption of a total of 2,500,000 of the Company s restricted shares from David Lazar, the former Chief Operating Officer and Secretary of the Company, pursuant to a redemption agreement entered into with Mr. Lazar on December 31, 2014, and (iii) to satisfy aggregate purchase price payable to holders of a total of 175,433 shares of the Company s common stock, which shares were transferred to the members of Christals Acquisition as a condition to the closing of the exchange transaction. In addition to receiving the $308,436 payment for the redemption of his 2,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock, the Company also transferred to Mr. Lazar the remaining inventory of loose diamonds pursuant to a bill of sale and assignment agreement as the balance of the consideration for the redemption of his shares. Immediately following the closing of the exchange transaction and the related transactions described above, the former members of Christals Acquisition and certain equity owners of such members who immediately received distributions of such securities, became the owners of 596,245 shares of the Company s common stock, constituting 99.9% of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock as of such closing. For accounting purposes, the exchange transaction with Christals Acquisition was treated as a reverse acquisition, with Christals Acquisition as the acquirer and the Company as the acquired party. In January 2015, Dico, Inc. changed its name to Peekay Boutiques, Inc. On October 28, 2015, the Company effected a one-for-six reverse split of its authorized and outstanding common stock, and all share and per share information has been adjusted to reflect this reverse split.     Christals Acquisition was formed in January 2012 to acquire existing limited liability companies operating retail stores in the sexual health and wellness category. The financial statements of the Company include the following fully owned subsidiaries: Christals Acquisition, Peekay Acquisition, LLC, Peekay SPA, LLC; ZJ Gift F-2, LLC, ZJ Gift F-3, LLC, ZJ Gifts F-4, LLC, ZJ Gifts F-5, LLC, ZJ Gifts F-6, LLC, ZJ Gifts I-1, LLC, ZJ Gifts M-1, LLC, ZJ Gifts M-2, LLC, and ZJ Gifts M- 3, LLC, which operate stores in Iowa, Texas and Tennessee under the Christals brand; and Peekay, Inc., ConRev, Inc., Condom Revolution, Inc. and Charter Smith Sanhueza Retail, Inc., which operate stores in Washington, Oregon and California under the Lovers, ConRev and A Touch of Romance brands.       Basis of Presentation   Going Concern        The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. During 2014 and 2015, the Company incurred net losses of $4,181,890 and $46,690,915 (including a $40,585,386 impairment charge), respectively, largely as a result of interest expense on its outstanding debt of almost $51 million, which exceeds the operating profits generated through the operations of its business. Approximately $38.2 million in senior secured debt matured on February 15, 2016, and the Company does not have the resources necessary to pay this debt and has not been able to raise the capital necessary or source refinancing to satisfy this obligation and is operating under a Forbearance Agreement.      The ability of the Company to continue its operations and execute its business plan is dependent on its ability to refinance this debt and/or to raise sufficient capital to pay this debt and other obligations as they come due (or are extended through a refinancing) and to provide sufficient capital to operate its business as contemplated. The Company continues to explore options to refinance or restructure the debt, to raise additional equity capital through a private or public placement of securities, or to complete a strategic transaction.                  F-4       
     Table of Contents          These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.       NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      Information regarding significant accounting policies relating to the Company and its subsidiaries is contained in Note 2,  Significant Accounting Policies,  to the financial statements of the Company contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Presented below in this and the following notes is supplemental information that should be read in conjunction with  Notes to Financial Statements  in the Annual Report on Form 10-K.       Basis of Presentation       The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), for interim financial information and include the accounts of the Peekay Boutiques, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, the accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary to fairly state the financial position and results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented.      The Company s business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. Significant portions of the Company s net revenue and operating income are realized during the first and fourth quarters of the fiscal year, corresponding to the Valentine Day and Holiday shopping seasons, respectively. The results of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016, or for any other future interim period or for any future year.      These interim consolidated financial statements and the related notes should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       Fiscal Year End       The Company has adopted a fiscal year end of December 31 st , and its quarters end on March 31 st , June 30 th , September 30 th  and December 31 st .       Use of Estimates       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     The Company s most significant area of estimation and assumption is:                   the determination of the appropriate amount and timing of markdowns to clear unproductive or slow-moving retail inventory and overall inventory obsolescence;                    F-5       
     Table of Contents           Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Account Changes       In February of 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements.      Our Company made no accounting changes during the three months ended September 30, 2016.      NOTE 3   NOTES PAYABLE        Unsecured Subordinated Promissory Notes       Acquisition of the Christals Stores - On October 9, 2012, Christals Acquisition issued four promissory notes, two at $1,550,000 and two at $150,000 to the former owners of the Christals stores. These notes bear interest at a rate of 12% and are due at maturity on January 7, 2017. Interest is only payable prior to note maturity, if the stores sold as part of the agreement reach a certain quarterly EBITDA threshold. During 2014 and 2015, the stores reached that threshold for one quarter and $45,000 in interest was paid to the holders. These notes are subject to certain covenants that are defined in the purchase agreement.     Acquisition of the Peekay Stores - On December 31, 2012, Peekay Acquisition, LLC ( Peekay Acquisition ) and Peekay SPA, LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company, jointly and severally promised to pay to certain subordinated lenders the principal amount of $6,000,000 and $3,300,000 pursuant to a Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2012, with interest at the rate of 9% and 12% per annum respectively. The notes mature on December 31, 2016. Subject to certain subordination provisions and all other rights of the Company s senior creditors, all unpaid principal, together with any then unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, will be due and payable in cash on the earlier of the maturity date, and the date when, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, such amounts are declared due and payable in cash by a majority of the lenders or become automatically due and payable in cash thereunder, in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof. Accrued but unpaid interest shall be compounded quarterly on each March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1, commencing on March 1, 2013 (each such date an  Interest Payment Date ). All such interest shall be paid by accretion thereof to the outstanding principal balance of the notes as PIK interest. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on each Interest Payment Date, 45% of the interest then accrued in respect to the three months then ending shall be due as cash interest, and if permitted by provisions of the subordination agreement, shall be payable as cash interest rather than PIK interest. By giving the subordinated lender five days written notice, the Company may prepay the debt, in whole or in part, without penalty or premium, with amounts paid applied to accrued, unpaid interest and then to principal. These notes contain certain covenants that restrict the amount of distributions and dividends that the Company can make.      On February 22, 2016, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement to the Financing Agreement, whereby all payments to the subordinated note holders are prohibited until the amounts due under the Financing Agreement have been paid in full or otherwise satisfied.        Financing Agreement       On December 31, 2012, Christals Acquisition, Peekay Acquisition and the subsidiaries of Christals Acquisition and Peekay Acquisition (the  Loan Parties ), as the borrowers and guarantors, entered into a financing agreement with Cortland Capital Marketing Services, LLC, as collateral agent for the several secured lenders.                 F-6       
     Table of Contents          The lenders made a term loan to the borrowers initially in the aggregate principal amount of $38,215,939, consisting of a tranche A term loan for the principal amount of $27,000,000, which matured on December 27, 2015, and bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum, and a tranche B term loan for the principal amount of $11,215,930, which matured on December 27, 2015, and bears interest at a rate of 15% per annum. The maturity date of the loans made under the financing agreement was extended to February 15, 2016 pursuant to the eighth amendment to the financing agreement, which is described below. The proceeds of the loans were used to repay then existing indebtedness, to finance a portion of the purchase price payable in connection with our acquisition of Peekay, Inc. ( Peekay ) and Conrev, Inc. ( Conrev ), to fund working capital requirements and to pay fees and expenses related to the Peekay and Conrev acquisition.     This debt matured on February 15, 2016 and we do not have the resources necessary to pay this debt and we have been unable to find replacement financing. We are currently operating under a forbearance agreement with our lenders, which is described below, but we may be forced to file for bankruptcy and/or liquidate our assets if we are unable to meet the terms of the forbearance agreement.      Our subsidiaries paid the following fees in connection with the financing agreement:                   an underwriting fee equal to 2% of the term A loan amount and 3% on the total term B loan amount;                           an administrative fee of 0.24% of the average aggregate principal balance of the loans outstanding paid each quarter; and                           a quarterly administrative fee of $15,000.          The financing agreement contains several financial covenants and other affirmative and negative covenants, including, without limitation, the following:                   a requirement to maintain a leverage ratio during each fiscal quarter of the loan, which leverage ratio is 3.00:1.00 for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2015, where leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of (a) aggregate principal amount of the term A loans and term B loans outstanding and the aggregate principal amount of any other loans outstanding under the financing agreement to (b) the twelve trailing month consolidated EBITDA for such period;                        a requirement to have liquidity of not less than $1,500,000, where liquidity is defined as cash of Peekay Acquisition and its subsidiaries that is unrestricted less payables of Peekay Acquisition and its subsidiaries aged 60 days or greater and held checks of Peekay Acquisition and its subsidiaries at such time;                        a requirement to provide financial reports and other information to the lenders and to permit the lenders to inspect and audit our business;                        a requirement to maintain a key man life insurance policy for $2,000,000 on the life of our Chief Executive Officer.                        a restriction on incurring any liens on the property and other assets of the borrowers;                        a restriction on incurring any indebtedness other than specified permitted indebtedness described in the financing agreement;                         F-7       
     Table of Contents                       a restriction on winding up, liquidating our business, merging or consolidating with another person or selling or licensing all or any part of its business other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business subject to the other limitations in the financing agreement, licensing on a nonexclusive basis of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business, dispositions of cash and cash equivalents in the ordinary course of business and in a manner not prohibited by the financing agreement, leasing or subleasing of assets in the ordinary course of business, disposing of obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business with certain limitations, and selling or otherwise disposing of other property or assets for cash in an aggregate amount not less than the fair market value of such property or assets with certain limitations;                        a restriction on making changes in the nature of our business;                        a restriction on making loans, advances or investments except for certain specified permitted investments;                        a restriction on the types of leases that can be entered into;                        a restriction on amount of capital expenditures that can that can be made in any fiscal quarter, which for fiscal year 2015 is $1,000,000 plus any carryover amount relating to prior fiscal quarters;                        a restriction on entering into transactions with affiliates with certain exceptions;                        a restriction on the borrowers paying dividends (other than dividends payable in equity interests) or other distributions, making repurchases or redemptions of equity interests, making any payment or retiring any warrants, options or other similar rights, or paying any management fees other than paying dividends or distributions necessary to cover tax obligations, if there is no event of default, paying dividends or distributions sufficient to pay accrued and unpaid interest on the Peekay and Christals Acquisition outstanding subordinated seller notes with certain specified limitations, and so long as there is no event of default, paying dividends or distributions for payment of permitted management fees;                        a restriction on the borrowers or guarantors issuing equity interests with certain exceptions;                        a restriction on amending the terms of, or prepaying, any indebtedness;                        a restriction on (a) the number of new stores that the borrowers may open that is limited to five new stores in the aggregate, provided that the borrowers may thereafter open up follow-on stores if the first five stores had gross sales of at least $40,000 per month and a minimum of 30% store level EBITDA (after certain adjustments) on average and over a period of six consecutive calendar months (such test being referred to as the last store test) and the first five stores and all such follow-on stores on average satisfy the last store test, (b) the size of new stores, which cannot exceed 3,500 square feet or have an opening budget of more than $175,000 or rent payable in excess of $35 per square foot, and (c) the overall opening of stores to no more than 20 stores in any calendar year with the ability to carryover to the next year any shortfall in aggregate store openings; and                        a restriction on the borrowers  ability to acquire inventory to the extent that after acquiring such inventory the aggregate value (based on cost) of total inventory owned by the borrowers would exceed (i) the historical seasonally adjusted store-level stock amount of $175,000, multiplied by (ii) the number of stores expected to be in operation on the last business day of the current calendar month.                                            F-8       
     Table of Contents         The obligations of the borrowers under the financing agreement are guaranteed by Christals Acquisition and all its subsidiaries as guarantors.     During 2014, we obtained three covenant waivers through amendments to our financing agreement with our secured lenders, dated March 31, 2014, September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014. These waivers covered covenant requirements through April 30, 2015. We obtained a fourth covenant waiver on June 30, 2015, for the period ending September 30, 2015 and, a fifth covenant waiver on October 31, 2015 for the period ending November 30, 2015. We obtained a sixth covenant waiver on November 30, 2015 for the period ending December 27, 2015 and a seventh covenant waiver on December 16, 2015 for the period ending December 31, 2015.      At the same time, we entered into the fifth amendment to the financing agreement to obtain the fifth covenant waiver, we also entered into a sixth amendment to our financing agreement. The sixth amendment will only become effective if we close our proposed underwritten public offering as described in the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-203870) (the  Public Offering ) and satisfy the other conditions to the sixth amendment, which are described below. We refer to the date that the sixth amendment becomes effective as the sixth amendment effective date. On the sixth amendment effective date the financing agreement will be further modified as follows:                   the maturity date will be extended to the earliest of (i) the third anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date, (ii) the date on which the loans under the financing agreement otherwise become due and payable in accordance with the terms of the financing agreement, and (iii) the date that payment in full of all obligations under the financing agreement and termination of all commitments occurs;                        the original leverage ratio requirement under the financing agreement will be modified to (i) reduce the numerator of the ratio by the amount of liquidity as of the last day of the applicable period, and (ii) change the leverage ratio requirement to be, for any period of four fiscal quarters measured as of the end of any fiscal quarter, no greater than 3.50:1.00;                        provisions for requesting certain additional term loans under the financing agreement will be deleted;                        the applicable interest rate for loans under the financing agreement will be amended for Term A Loans to be 8.75% from the sixth amendment effective date up to the first anniversary thereof, 10.75% from the first anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date up to the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date, 12.75% from the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date until the final maturity date, and for Term B Loans to be 9.75% from the sixth amendment effective date up to the first anniversary thereof, 11.75% from the first anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date up to the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date, and 13.75% from the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date until the final maturity date;                        the exit fee required by the fifth amendment to the financing agreement will be amended so that it becomes due on the earlier to occur of (A) the final maturity date, (B) the date which all of the other obligations are repaid or required to be repaid in full in cash, and (C) the date that our company receives net cash proceeds of at least $20,000,000 from the public offering of our company's common stock (including the Public Offering). Once the accrued and unpaid exit fee is paid, it will be deemed satisfied in full and no additional amounts attributable to the exit fee will accrue or be payable;                        we agreed to pay to the administrative agent a nonrefundable fee, or the bridge exit fee, for the account of each consenting lender, accruing (i) on the sixth amendment effective date in an amount equal to 1.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding loans of such consenting lender (after giving effect to the prepayment of Term A Loans contemplated under the sixth amendment to the financing agreement as described below), (ii) on the first anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date in an amount equal to 2.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding as of such anniversary, and (iii) on the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date in an amount equal to 3.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding as of such anniversary. The bridge exit fee would be due on the earliest to occur of (A) the final maturity date, and (B) the date which all of the other obligations are repaid or required to be repaid in full in cash;                        the negative covenant relating to capital expenditures will be amended so that our subsidiaries can make capital expenditures up to the following limits: $2,400,000 for any fiscal quarter during the period January 1, 2016 - December 31, 2016, $3,140,000 for any fiscal quarter during the period January 1, 2017 - December 31, 2017, and $4,300,000 for any fiscal quarter during the period January 1, 2018 - December 31, 2018; and                        the negative covenant regarding the opening of new stores will be deleted.                                         F-9       
     Table of Contents          The conditions to the effectiveness of the sixth amendment to the financing agreement include, among others, the following:                   upon the closing of the Public Offering we must prepay not less than $16,000,000 of Term A Loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the amount prepaid and we must also pay certain accrued and unpaid fees owed to the secured lenders;                        our outstanding subordinated seller notes must be converted into common stock on terms and conditions satisfactory to the origination agent; and                        we must pay to the administrative agent for the ratable benefit of each consenting lender an amendment fee in an amount equal to 1.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding as of the sixth amendment effective date (after giving effect to the prepayment described above).          On December 16, 2015, we entered into the eighth amendment to the financing agreement. The eighth amendment extended the final maturity date of the financing agreement to February 15, 2016, in order to allow for the completion of the Public Offering. The eighth amendment also waived, until February 15, 2016, any noncompliance due to (a) the payment to Christals Management, LLC of quarterly management fees in advance, rather than arrears from January 2013 through June 2015, and (b) failure to meet the required leverage ratio and minimum equity covenants set forth in the financing agreement.      An amendment fee equal to 0.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding loans will be payable on the earlier of the final maturity date and the date on which all the loan obligations are repaid or must be repaid, and the borrowers must pay a $150,000 legal expense advance. The eighth amendment also proscribed payment of accrued, unpaid management fees until the earlier of the final maturity date or the date on which all the loan obligations are repaid or must be repaid, except that upon the closing of a qualified public offering, including the Public Offering, we may pay management fees of $325,000 to CP IV SPV, LLC.      Since the Company was unable to repay the debt on the maturity date, the interest rate charged on both Term A and Term B debt was increased to 14% and 17% per annum, respectively, effective on the maturity date. On February 22, 2016, we and certain of the Company s senior secured lenders (the  Consenting Term A Lenders ) entered into the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement. The forbearance and ninth amendment agreement further amends the financing agreement as described below.     The forbearance and ninth amendment agreement provides the Loan Parties with necessary forbearance from the enforcement by the secured lenders of default-related rights and remedies with respect to existing financing agreement defaults of the Loan Parties specified in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement (the  Specified Defaults ) until July 31, 2016.     Under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, the Loan Parties have the following obligations, among others. As applicable, after each obligation identified below, we are disclosing our current compliance status.                    The Company must appoint an independent director nominated by the Consenting Term A Lenders to the Board of Directors of the Company and the applicable equivalent Board of each of the Company s subsidiaries. On February 22, 2016, the Loan Parties appointed Matthew R. Kahn as independent director in satisfaction of this requirement.                        The Company must adopt a policy (the  Board Policy ) of (i) scheduling meetings of the Board of Directors at least every two weeks from and after February 22, 2016 and until the Term A Loans and Term B Loans (each as defined in the financing agreement) have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash or otherwise restructured in a manner acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders, (ii) requiring management to present the Board of Directors of the Company with frequent updates as to the condition of the business and the status of the milestones described in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, and (iii) requiring management to provide prompt responses to the questions of any member of the Board of Directors. The Company adopted the Board Policy on February 24, 2016 in satisfaction of this requirement.                             The Loan Parties must enter into deposit account control agreements requested by the Consenting Term A Lenders, and the Loan Parties complied with this requirement.                        The Loan Parties must retain an investment bank acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders on terms and conditions acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders, to advise the Loan Parties in connection with a Qualified Refinancing and/or Qualified Private Sale. A Qualified Refinancing is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as a refinancing transaction resulting in cash proceeds that are sufficient to pay all obligations of the Term A Lenders or that is otherwise acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders and the independent director and a Qualified Private Sale is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as a sale of all or a portion of the Loan Parties that results in net proceeds that are sufficient to pay all obligations of the Term A Lenders or that is otherwise acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders and the independent director. The Company engaged an investment bank on February 22, 2016 in satisfaction of this requirement.                        The Loan Parties must provide the collateral agent and the Consenting Term A Lenders with an updated perfection certificate on or before February 29, 2016. The Company delivered a perfection certificate on February 29, 2016.                        The Company must issue warrants to the Consenting Term A Lenders for the purchase of up to an aggregate of 2.5% of the common shares of the Company on a fully diluted basis. See below for further discussion of this requirement.                        The Loan Parties must pay an amendment fee to each Consenting Term A Lender equal to 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of such Consenting Term A Lender s outstanding loans (both Term A Loans and Term B Loans). The Loan Parties paid the amendment fee in satisfaction of this requirement.                        The Company and Loan Parties must pay the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and other costs and expenses requested by the Consenting Term A Lenders and up to $15,000 in costs and expenses to the Term B Lenders. The Loan Parties initially paid a $150,000 retainer to the counsel of the Consenting Term A Lenders, as required, and have subsequently paid fees and expenses for both the Consenting Term A Lenders and Term B Lenders in accordance with the terms of the Forbearance Agreement.                        The Loan Parties must enter into a non-binding term sheet, on terms and conditions that are acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders, with respect to a Step Two Restructuring Transaction by March 15, 2016. A Step Two Restructuring Transaction is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as an out-of-court restructuring on terms and conditions acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders or a pre-arranged Chapter 11 bankruptcy on terms and conditions acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders. On May 31, 2016, the Company delivered a proposal to the Consenting Term A Lenders outlining a Step Two Restructuring Transaction for their review and consideration. See below for further discussion of this requirement.                        The Company is required to consummate before April 15, 2016 a Step One Restructuring Transaction, which consists of either an initial public offering where the allocation of proceeds is approved by the Consenting Term A Lenders and the independent director, a Qualified Refinancing, or a Qualified Private Sale, as described above. If a Step One Restructuring Transaction has not been consummated on or before April 15, 2016, the Company and the holders of at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Company s outstanding subordinated seller notes must enter into a restructuring support agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders in order to implement the Step Two Restructuring Transaction. The Company continues to use its commercially reasonable efforts to seek to accomplish a Step One Restructuring Transaction and the Lenders have granted the Company a rolling extension to the April 15, 2016 deadline.                        Starting on February 15, 2016, the Loan Parties must pay interest at the default rate under the financing agreement (generally equal to the applicable rate plus 2.00%). This default interest must be paid in cash to the Term A Lenders, and accrued and added to the principal balance for Term B Loans. The Loan Parties complied with this requirement through May 31, 2016, at which time the cash payment of the Term A interest was suspended. See below for further discussion of this requirement.                                    Upon request by the Consenting Term A Lenders, the existing engagement letter between the Loan Parties and the consulting firm engaged to provide a chief restructuring officer must be amended to include additional services and responsibilities requested by the Consenting Term A Loans which are consistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company and the Loan Parties. There have been two additional amendments to the engagement letter that were requested by the Consenting Term A Lenders, and accommodated by the Company. Upon an additional request by the Consenting Term A Lenders, the Company intends to continue to comply with this requirement.                        The Loan Parties must provide cash forecasts starting February 29, 2016 and every twenty days after the last day of each calendar month for the upcoming 13-week period. Starting March 16, 2016, the Loan Parties must also provide a bi-weekly report stating their actual cash receipts and disbursements for the immediately preceding week and a reconciliation between actual and projected cash receipts and disbursements and explanation for causes for variations. The Company has complied with this requirement and does not expect any compliance issues with respect to the same in the future.                        The Loan Parties are prohibited from making any cash payments for accrued and unpaid interest on or principal of the outstanding subordinated seller notes. The Company intends to comply with this requirement and does not expect any compliance issues with respect to the same.                        Unless a Step One Restructuring Transaction or a Step Two Restructuring Transaction has occurred or the Term A Loans and the Term B Loans have been paid in full in cash or otherwise restructured in a manner acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders prior to the first to occur of a Termination Event or the outside date of July 31, 2016, the Company must deliver the membership interests of Christals Acquisition to the collateral agent of for further distribution to the Term A Lenders and Term B Lenders in a manner consistent with the financing agreement. A Termination Event is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as a default or event of default other than the Specified Defaults, a failure to comply with the other requirements of the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, the pursuit of an alternative transaction that is inconsistent with the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as determined by the Consenting Term A Lenders, the breach of any representation or warranty in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement and certain other breaches or defaults specified in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement. The Company continues to pursue all options to find an acceptable resolution, including the pursuit of a Step One Restructuring Transaction, and is awaiting a response from the Consenting Term A Lenders on the Step Two Restructuring Proposal that was submitted by the Company on May 31, 2016. See below for further discussion of this requirement.           On March 14, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to a ten-day extension of the deadline to grant the Warrants and enter into a Step Two Restructuring Term Sheet (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) until March 24, 2016. This extension was conditioned on the agreement by the Company and the Loan Parties of the following conditions, which conditions were accepted by the Company and the other Loan Parties:                   The Company and its subsidiaries will not amend the compensation arrangements of their key employees, executives, officers and directors without the prior written consent of the Consenting Term A Lenders.                        Upon receipt of Indication of Interest letters or other communications from third parties with respect to a potential Step One Restructuring Transaction, all such communications will be promptly provided to the Consenting Term A Lenders and their counsel.                        In addition to the requirement in Section 3(e) of the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement for periodic updates, the Consenting Term A Lenders may from time to time contact executives, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries to discuss the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and their ongoing restructuring efforts.          On March 24, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to further extend the deadline to grant the warrants and enter into the Step Two Restructuring Term Sheet until March 30, 2016.            On March 31, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to further extend the deadline to grant the warrants and enter into the Step Two Restructuring Term Sheet until April 11, 2016. After April 11, 2016, this extension will automatically renew unless the Company receives 24 hours  notice from the Consenting Term A Lenders of the termination of the extension. In connection with this additional waiver, the Company agreed to the following conditions:                   On or before the close of business on April 1, 2016, the Company shall make an interest payment to the Term A Lenders in the amount of $325,500. The Company has complied with this requirement.                        On or before the close of business on April 1, 2016, the Company shall wire $75,000 to counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders, as a retainer pursuant to the terms of the Engagement Letter dated as of January 27, 2016 between counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders, the Company and the Consenting Term A Lenders. The Company wired these fees on April 1, 2016. As previously reported by the Company in a current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016, the Company was required to agree to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement.                        No further extension shall be provided unless the Company shall have entered into an engagement letter with a Chief Restructuring Officer on or before April 11, 2016, which engagement letter shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders. The Company complied with this requirement on April 21, 2016.                        Counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders also confirmed by email correspondence that its clients will not require the Company to make further administrative agent fee payments to Cortland Capital Market Services LLC until a further agreement has been reached as to its fee.           On June 1, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed not to enforce their rights to require the Company and the Loan Parties to perform their obligations under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement and the financing agreement generally or to meet the deadlines specified therein, including without limitation, the obligations and deadlines itemized below, until 24 hours following the date that the Consenting Term A Lenders notify the Company in writing that they revoke such waiver (the  Revocation Notice ). This agreement was subject to the payment by the Company to counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders of a $100,000 retainer which will be applied in the ordinary course to pay for legal services rendered and to be rendered by such firm on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders in connection with the restructuring efforts. The Company paid the $100,000 retainer on June 1, 2016.     The obligations under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed not to enforce until 24 hours following receipt of the Revocation Notice by the Company include the following:                    The requirement to enter into a Restructuring Support Agreement (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) by May 1, 2016;                        The requirement to close an Acceptable Out of Court Restructuring (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) by May 31, 2016;                        The requirement to make an interest payment by June 1, 2016 and to make other interest payments in the future until an out of court restructuring is reached or the Company receives the Revocation Notice; and                        The requirement to have an Acceptable Pre-Arranged Chapter 11 Bankruptcy (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) closing date by June 15, 2016.           On July 25, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the requirement to complete a the Stock Turnover Transaction is also covered by the waiver obtained by the Company on June 1, 2016 so that the Company is not required to effectuate a Stock Turnover Transaction until 24 hours following the date that the Consenting Term A Lenders notify the Company in writing that they revoke such waiver.            None of the Consenting Term A Lenders waived any of its rights and remedies under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement or the financing agreement generally. Instead, the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to not enforce such rights until 24 hours following receipt by the Company of a Revocation Notice.     On September 30, 2016, the lenders agreed to waive compliance by the Loan Parties to use their best efforts to maintain with a responsible insurance company  key man  life insurance with respect to Lisa Berman (as successor officer to Barry Soosman) and the borrowers to pay to the Term A Agent (as defined in the financing agreement) for its own account, quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter and on the date the obligations are paid in full, an administrative fee in the amount of $15,000 (or a pro rata portion in the case of the final payment of such fee).     There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional waivers, or that we will continue to be in compliance with the terms and conditions of the agreements with our secured and other lenders. If we fail to obtain waivers or default on our secured debt, then our lenders may be able to accelerate such debt or take other action against us, which would have material adverse consequences on our financial condition and our ability to continue to operate.      NOTE 4   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      The carrying value of cash and equivalents, deposit held in escrow and accounts payable approximates their estimated fair values due to the short maturities of these instruments.      Fair value is measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy, which are described as follows:                    Level 1   observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.                        Level 2   inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly through corroboration with observable market data.                        Level 3   unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which would require the Company to develop its own assumptions.           NOTE 5   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      The Company maintains leases with numerous landlords for 47 retail stores, the corporate offices, distribution center and one closed store location. Store leases generally start with five year terms, and frequently contain renewal options for one or two additional five year terms.     Minimum lease payments under operating leases are as follows:                         NOTE 6   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS      We evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after December 31, 2015 through November 14, 2016, the date we issued these statements. During this period, except as described below, we did not have any material subsequent events that impacted our financial statements, which are not already disclosed herein.     On November 11, 2016, we entered into an investment banking engagement agreement, which we refer to as the engagement letter, with SSG Advisors, LLC and its affiliated broker-dealer SSG Capital Advisors, LLC, or SSG, and Lake Street Capital Markets, or Lake Street, who along with SSG, we refer to as the advisors. Pursuant to the engagement agreement, we engaged the advisors for advice and investment banking services on an exclusive basis in connection with the sale of our business or some part(s) of our business, which we refer to as a sale, and/or a restructuring of our balance sheet with existing stakeholders and lenders, which we refer to as a restructuring. In addition, upon our request the advisors will also provide certain financial advisory services as well as valuation services. We agreed to give the advisors exclusive authority to initiate and conduct discussions and assist and advise us regarding prospective purchasers. We also agreed to identify to the advisors all prospective purchasers and investors who had been in contact prior to the date of the engagement agreement, and all prospective purchasers who come in contact with us during the term of the engagement agreement. We may reject any proposed sale or restructuring regardless of the proposed terms.     The engagement agreement requires us to pay to the advisors the following fees. A fee of $25,000, or the initial fee, which was due and payable to SSG upon the execution of the engagement agreement, and monthly fees of $25,000, or the monthly fees, which are due and payable each month beginning November 2016 and continuing during the term of the engagement agreement. The advisors will seek to identify an interested purchaser of our company and the fee payable to the advisors for the sale will be dependent upon whether there any other interested purchasers that make a bid higher than the initial purchaser s bid, which we refer to as an overbid. The fees payable upon a sale range from $300,000 to $480,000 plus 5.0% of any overbid with credits for the initial fee and monthly fees. In the case of a restructuring with our lenders instead of a sale, SSG would be entitled to a fee equal to $300,000. We will not be required to pay both a sale fee and a restructuring fee. The initial fee and the monthly fees would also be credited against the restructuring fee. Finally, if we request financial advisory services, we would be required to pay an additional fee of $250,000 and if we request a valuation, we would be required to pay an additional fee of $50,000. In addition to the above fees, the advisors will be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the subject matter of the engagement agreement.     The engagement agreement term will be six months and then may be terminated by either party upon 30 days  written notice to the other, except that either party may terminate the engagement agreement immediately upon the closing of a sale or restructuring. If a sale or restructuring occurs within twelve months of the termination of the engagement agreement with a party with whom the Advisors had contact during the term of the engagement agreement, then we would remain obligated to pay a sale fee as calculated above.     Also on November 11, 2016, we entered into an engagement agreement, which we refer to as the Traverse engagement agreement, with Traverse LLC, or Traverse, for certain restructuring consulting services. These services will include Traverse making available to the Company a Chief Restructuring Officer, or CRO, and other employees of Traverse, who we refer to as the additional personnel, as required to assist the CRO in providing these services. The CRO and the additional personnel will report to and take direction from the Company s board of directors to provide comprehensive support to the Company with respect to its pursuit of restructuring alternatives. The Company will pay a fixed monthly fee of $50,000 and a security retainer advance of $25,000. The Traverse engagement agreement will have a term of six months but may be terminated by either party upon thirty days  prior written notice to the other.              ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.        Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements      In addition to historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We use words such as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   project,   target,   plan,   optimistic,   intend,   aim,   will  or similar expressions which are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, among others, those concerning market and industry segment growth and demand and acceptance of new and existing products; any projections of sales, earnings, revenue, margins or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements about potential financing transactions, debt restructurings, or transactions with strategic partners, as well as all assumptions, expectations, predictions, intentions or beliefs about future events. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, including those identified in Item 1A  Risk Factors  included in Exhibit 99.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 14, 2016, as well as assumptions, which, if they were to ever materialize or prove incorrect, could cause the results of our company to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.      Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and our other filings with the SEC. These reports attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. The forward-looking statements made in this report speak only as of the date hereof and we disclaim any obligation, except as required by law, to provide updates, revisions or amendments to any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in our expectations or future events.      Use of Terms      Except as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to:                     we,   us,   our,   our company,  or the  Company  are to the combined business of Peekay Boutiques, Inc. (formerly Dico, Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiaries, Christals Acquisition, Peekay Acquisition, Peekay SPA, Peekay, Conrev, Condom Revolution, Charter Smith and the Christals Stores;                          Christals Acquisition  are to Christals Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Peekay Boutiques, Inc.                          Peekay Acquisition  are to Peekay Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Christals Acquisition;                          Peekay SPA  are to Peekay SPA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the wholly-owned subsidiary of Peekay Acquisition;                          Peekay  are to Peekay, Inc., a Washington corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Peekay SPA;                          Conrev  are to Conrev, Inc., a Washington corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Peekay;                  4       
     Table of Contents                       Condom Revolution  are to Condom Revolution, Inc., a California corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Conrev;                          Charter Smith  are to Charter Smith Sanhueza Retail, Inc., a California corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Conrev;                           Christals Stores  are to the following entities which each operate one store: ZJ Gifts F-2, L.L.C, ZJ Gifts F-3, L.L.C, ZJ Gifts F-4, L.L.C, ZJ Gifts F-5, L.L.C, ZJ Gifts F-6, L.L.C, ZJ Gifts I-1, L.L.C, ZJ Gifts M-1, L.L.C, ZJ Gifts M-2, L.L.C, and ZJ Gifts M-3, L.L.C.                           SEC  are to the Securities and Exchange Commission;                          Exchange Act  are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;                          Securities Act  re to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;                          U.S. dollars,   dollars  and  $  are to the legal currency of the United States.          Overview       Based on our management s belief and experience in the industry, we believe we are a leading retailer of lingerie, sexual health and wellness products. Our company was founded in 1981 in Auburn, WA by a mother and daughter team with a focus on creating a comfortable and inviting store environment catering to women and couples. We are dedicated to creating both a place and attitude of acceptance and education for our customers. Today, our company is a leader in changing the perception of sexual health and wellness throughout the United States with 47 locations across six states.     Our stores offer a broad selection of lingerie, sexual health and wellness products and accessories. We offer over 5,000 stock keeping units. We strive to create a visually inspiring environment at our stores and employ highly trained, knowledgeable sales staff, which ensures that our customers leave our stores enlightened by new information, great ideas and fun products.      Our mission is to provide a warm and welcoming retail environment for individuals and couples to explore sexual wellness.       Principal Factors Affecting our Financial Performance      Our operating results are primarily affected by the following factors:                   Our ability to continue to operate under a forbearance agreement with our senior secured lenders and ultimately restructure or refinance our senior secured indebtedness;                         Current economic conditions and their impact on customer spending levels;                         Our current leverage ratio and minimum liquidity and our ability to continue to obtain waivers or forbearance from our lenders as needed or to refinance our existing indebtedness.                         Competition;                         Effectiveness of our customer acquisition and retention marketing programs;                  5       
     Table of Contents                      The sourcing and introduction of new products and brands;                         Maintenance and/or enhancement of our current vendor relationships and product margins;                         Our ability to respond on a timely basis to changes in consumer preferences and/or the marketplace;                         The location, timing and number of new stores; and                         Our ability to increase traffic, conversion and the average ticket value in our existing stores.        Our business is also materially impacted by certain covenants contained in our senior financing agreements and our inability to repay our indebtedness under such agreements, which has already come due. We have sought and obtained several waivers of the leverage ratio and/or minimum liquidity covenants. We are currently in default under our financing agreement with our senior lenders and have entered into a forbearance agreement with our senior lenders. If we are unable to satisfy the demands of our senior lenders for the repayment of all amounts owed to them, raise capital to repay our indebtedness to our senior lenders or enter into a strategic transaction and related restructuring, we could be forced to file for bankruptcy protection. Our continued need to obtain waivers and forbearance from our lenders as needed, or to refinance our existing indebtedness, could have a material impact on our financial condition and operations.      Going Concern      Our auditor has raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. During 2014 and 2015, we incurred net losses of $4.2 million and $46.7 million (including a $40.6 million goodwill impairment charge), respectively. Our net losses are largely a result of interest expense on the approximately $51 million of debt, which exceeds the operating profits generated through the operations of our business. Approximately $38.2 million in senior secured debt matured on February 15, 2016, and we do not have the resources necessary to pay this debt and we have been unable to find replacement financing. We are currently operating under a forbearance and ninth amendment agreement providing for certain forbearance treatment with our lenders (see    Liquidity and Capital Resources   Financing Agreement; Amendments and Waivers ), but we may be forced to file for bankruptcy and/or liquidate our assets if we are unable to meet the terms of the agreement or otherwise find a restructuring arrangement that is satisfactory to all parties. Our ability to continue our operations and execute our business plan is dependent on our ability to refinance this debt and/or to raise sufficient capital to pay this debt and other obligations as they come due (or are extended through a refinancing) and to provide sufficient capital to operate our business as contemplated. If we are unable to refinance our existing senior debt or raise equity capital we may have to cease operations and liquidate our assets and the holders of our equity may lose all or a significant portion of the value of their equity.      Emerging Growth Company      We qualify as an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to:                   have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;                        comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis);                        submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and                        disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO's compensation to median employee compensation.                       6       
     Table of Contents           Results of Operations         Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       The following table sets forth key components of our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.             Net revenue  . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net revenue decreased $0.1 million, or 1.4%, to $9.5 million, as compared to the same period in 2015. Our same store sales decreased $0.1 million, or 0.9%, to $9.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. For the purpose of calculating our same store sales metrics, we compare the current period sales for stores open for 14 months or longer as of the last day of a month with the sales for these stores for the comparable period in the prior fiscal year. The decrease was primarily due to the discontinuation of DVD sales during the third quarter of 2015, during which our stores sold $0.1 million in DVDs before the products were removed from the assortment.        Gross profit  . Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $6.1 million, a decrease of $0.2 million, or 2.8%, over the same period in 2015. Gross profit, expressed as a percentage of net revenue, was 63.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 64.3% for the same period in 2015. Such decrease was primarily the result of an increase in promotional pricing on wellness products during the quarter, which lowered the overall margin recognized.       Selling, general and administrative expense  . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $4.9 million, a decrease of $0.6 million over the same period in 2015. The decrease in operating expenses resulted, in part, from a reduction of $0.2 million in marketing and advertising costs, from the third quarter of 2015 to comparable period in 2016, as the company tested various advertising and marketing programs during the Fifty Shades of Grey movie and DVD release in 2015. The Company also reduced management and administrative fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016 by $0.2 million, as compared to the third quarter of 2015.                  7       
     Table of Contents           Depreciation and amortization  . Depreciation and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.7 million, a reduction of 50% from the $1.4 million recorded in the third quarter of 2015. The Company continues to incur $0.6 million in amortized loan costs associated with its Financing Agreement each quarter the debt remains outstanding.       Operating income (loss).   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reported $0.5 million in operating income, an improvement of $1.1 million from the $0.6 million operating loss realized during the third quarter of 2015, primary as a result of lower operating and amortization expenses.       Interest, other and tax expense  . Interest and other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.1 million, an increase of $0.4 million over the comparable 2015 period, primarily due to an increase in interest expense associated with the incursion of default interest on the senior debt, and non-operating legal and restructuring costs incurred. No material income tax expense was recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.       Net loss  . As a result of the foregoing, the net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.6 million as compared to a loss $2.3 million for the same period in 2015.       Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       The following table sets forth key components of our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.                       8       
     Table of Contents            Net revenue  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net revenue decreased $0.8 million, or 2.8%, to $30 million, as compared to the same period in 2015. Our same store sales decreased $0.8 million, or 2.5%, to $29.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. For the purpose of calculating our same store sales metrics, we compare the current period sales for stores open for 14 months or longer as of the last day of a month with the sales for these stores for the comparable period in the prior fiscal year. Sales of our private label products declined by $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the comparable period in 2015, as we finish selling through the remaining products imported in 2013 and early 2014, while DVD sales were $0.4 million lower than 2015, as we discontinued distribution of DVDs in the third quarter of 2015.        Gross profit  . Gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $19.2 million, a decrease of $0.6 million, or 3.2%, over the same period in 2015. Gross profit, expressed as a percentage of net revenue, declined 30 basis points from 64.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 63.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, due to changes in product assortment associated with our revised media strategy, and a reduction in the number of products in our private label program.        Selling, general and administrative expense  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $15.2 million, a decrease of $1.3 million over the same period in 2015. The decrease in operating expenses resulted from a reduction of $0.4 million in marketing and advertising costs from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the comparable period in 2016, as the Company tested theater advertisement and other marketing programs during the Fifty Shades of Grey movie and DVD release in 2015. The Company also reduced certain management and administrative fees and expenses during the first nine months of 2016 that resulted in savings of approximately $0.5 million.       Depreciation and amortization  . Depreciation and amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.4 million, $0.5 million lower than for the same period in 2015, primarily due to a decrease in the amortization of fees associated with our senior credit facility.       Operating income  . Despite a decrease in revenue of $0.8 million for the first nine months of 2016, as compared to the comparable prior year period, operating income increased $1.1million, or 232%, to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.        Interest, other and tax expense  . Interest and other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $6 million, an increase of $1.1 million over the comparable 2015 period, due primarily to the incurrence of default interest on the senior notes and non-operating legal and restructuring costs incurred during the first half of 2016. No measurable income tax expense was recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.        Net loss  . As a result of the foregoing, the net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased less than twenty thousand dollars to $4.6 million as compared to a loss $4.5 million for the same period in 2015.                 9       
     Table of Contents           Liquidity and Capital Resources         Cash Flow       As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2.3 million. The following table provides a summary of our net cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities.      Cash Flow    (In Thousands)              Operating activities  . Operating activities consist of net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, and the effect of changes in working capital. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with $0.7 million net cash provided by operating activities in the same period in 2015. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the increase in accrued liabilities associated with the deferral of cash interest payments on the senior debt commencing June 1, 2016.        Investing activities  . Historically, we have used cash primarily to make acquisitions, and to remodel and build new stores. We used no cash for investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the usage of $0.1 million in the same period in 2015. The net cash used during the first nine months of 2015 was for leasehold improvements and equipment for our new store in Valencia, California.        Financing activities  . No cash was used or provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the $0.7 million used in financing activities during the same period in 2015 for the payment of covenant waiver fees incurred under the senior debt facility.               Loan Commitments       As of September 30, 2016, the amount, maturity date and term of each of our notes payable are as follows:              Financing Agreement; Amendments and Waivers       On December 31, 2012, our subsidiaries, Christals Acquisition, Peekay Acquisition and the subsidiaries of Christals Acquisition and Peekay Acquisition, which we refer to as the Loan Parties, as the borrowers and guarantors, entered into a financing agreement with Cortland Capital Marketing Services, LLC, as collateral agent for the several secured lenders.     The lenders made a term loan to the borrowers initially in the aggregate principal amount of $38,215,939, consisting of a tranche A term loan for the principal amount of $27,000,000, which matured on December 27, 2015, and bears interest at a rate of 12% per annum, and a tranche B term loan for the principal amount of $11,215,930, which matured on December 27, 2015, and bears interest at a rate of 15% per annum. The maturity date of the loans made under the financing agreement was extended to February 15, 2016 pursuant to the eighth amendment to the financing agreement, which is described below. The proceeds of the loans were used to repay then existing indebtedness, to finance a portion of the purchase price payable in connection with our acquisition of Peekay and Conrev, to fund working capital requirements and to pay fees and expenses related to the Peekay and Conrev acquisition.     This debt matured on February 15, 2016 and we do not have the resources necessary to pay this debt and we have been unable to find replacement financing. We are currently operating under a forbearance agreement with our lenders, which is described below, but we may be forced to file for bankruptcy and/or liquidate our assets if we are unable to meet the terms of the forbearance agreement or otherwise agree upon a restructuring arrangement with our lenders.      Our subsidiaries paid the following fees in connection with the financing agreement:                   an underwriting fee equal to 2% of the term A loan amount and 3% on the total term B loan amount;                        an administrative fee of 0.24% of the average aggregate principal balance of the loans outstanding paid each quarter; and                        a quarterly administrative fee of $15,000.                  The financing agreement contains several financial covenants and other affirmative and negative covenants, including, without limitation, the following:                   a requirement to maintain a leverage ratio during each fiscal quarter of the loan, which leverage ratio is 3.00:1.00 for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2015, where leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of (a) aggregate principal amount of the term A loans and term B loans outstanding and the aggregate principal amount of any other loans outstanding under the financing agreement to (b) the twelve trailing month consolidated EBITDA for such period;                         a requirement to have liquidity of not less than $1,500,000, where liquidity is defined as cash of Peekay Acquisition and its subsidiaries that is unrestricted less payables of Peekay Acquisition and its subsidiaries aged 60 days or greater and held checks of Peekay Acquisition and its subsidiaries at such time;                         a requirement to provide financial reports and other information to the lenders and to permit the lenders to inspect and audit our business;                         a requirement to maintain a key man life insurance policy for $2,000,000 on the life of our Chief Executive Officer.                         a restriction on incurring any liens on the property and other assets of the borrowers;                         a restriction on incurring any indebtedness other than specified permitted indebtedness described in the financing agreement;                         a restriction on winding up, liquidating our business, merging or consolidating with another person or selling or licensing all or any part of its business other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business subject to the other limitations in the financing agreement, licensing on a nonexclusive basis of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business, dispositions of cash and cash equivalents in the ordinary course of business and in a manner not prohibited by the financing agreement, leasing or subleasing of assets in the ordinary course of business, disposing of obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business with certain limitations, and selling or otherwise disposing of other property or assets for cash in an aggregate amount not less than the fair market value of such property or assets with certain limitations;                         a restriction on making changes in the nature of our business;                         a restriction on making loans, advances or investments except for certain specified permitted investments;                         a restriction on the types of leases that can be entered into;                         a restriction on amount of capital expenditures that can that can be made in any fiscal quarter, which for fiscal year 2015 is $1,000,000 plus any carryover amount relating to prior fiscal quarters;                          a restriction on entering into transactions with affiliates with certain exceptions;                         a restriction on the borrowers paying dividends (other than dividends payable in equity interests) or other distributions, making repurchases or redemptions of equity interests, making any payment or retiring any warrants, options or other similar rights, or paying any management fees other than paying dividends or distributions necessary to cover tax obligations, if there is no event of default, paying dividends or distributions sufficient to pay accrued and unpaid interest on the Peekay and Christals Acquisition outstanding subordinated seller notes with certain specified limitations, and so long as there is no event of default, paying dividends or distributions for payment of permitted management fees;                         a restriction on the borrowers or guarantors issuing equity interests with certain exceptions;                         a restriction on amending the terms of, or prepaying, any indebtedness;                         a restriction on (a) the number of new stores that the borrowers may open that is limited to five new stores in the aggregate, provided that the borrowers may thereafter open up follow-on stores if the first five stores had gross sales of at least $40,000 per month and a minimum of 30% store level EBITDA (after certain adjustments) on average and over a period of six consecutive calendar months (such test being referred to as the last store test) and the first five stores and all such follow-on stores on average satisfy the last store test, (b) the size of new stores, which cannot exceed 3,500 square feet or have an opening budget of more than $175,000 or rent payable in excess of $35 per square foot, and (c) the overall opening of stores to no more than 20 stores in any calendar year with the ability to carryover to the next year any shortfall in aggregate store openings; and                         a restriction on the borrowers' ability to acquire inventory to the extent that after acquiring such inventory the aggregate value (based on cost) of total inventory owned by the borrowers would exceed (i) the historical seasonally adjusted store-level stock amount of $175,000, multiplied by (ii) the number of stores expected to be in operation on the last business day of the current calendar month.         The obligations of the borrowers under the financing agreement are guaranteed by Christals Acquisition and all its subsidiaries as guarantors.     Although our company, Peekay Boutiques, Inc., is not a party to the financing agreement, since we are a holding company and do not have any material assets or operations other than ownership of equity interests of our subsidiaries, who are all parties to the financing agreement as either borrowers or guarantors, as a practical matter, we are restricted by the terms of the financing agreement. Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to meet our obligations or to pay dividends to our shareholders is highly dependent on the earnings of, and receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans. The financing agreement restricts the circumstances under which our subsidiaries may pay dividends to us or make intercompany loans to us.     During 2014, we obtained three covenant waivers through amendments to our financing agreement with our secured lenders, dated March 31, 2014, September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014. These waivers covered covenant requirements through April 30, 2015. We obtained a fourth covenant waiver on June 30, 2015, for the period ending September 30, 2015 and, a fifth covenant waiver on October 31, 2015 for the period ending November 30, 2015. We obtained a sixth covenant waiver on November 30, 2015 for the period ending December 27, 2015 and a seventh covenant waiver on December 16, 2015 for the period ending December 31, 2015.            At the same time, we entered into the fifth amendment to the financing agreement to obtain the fifth covenant waiver, we also entered into a sixth amendment to our financing agreement. The sixth amendment will only become effective if we close our proposed underwritten public offering as described in the Company's registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-203870), or the Public Offering, and satisfy the other conditions to the sixth amendment, which are described below. We refer to the date that the sixth amendment becomes effective as the sixth amendment effective date. On the sixth amendment effective date the financing agreement will be further modified as follows:                   the maturity date will be extended to the earliest of (i) the third anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date, (ii) the date on which the loans under the financing agreement otherwise become due and payable in accordance with the terms of the financing agreement, and (iii) the date that payment in full of all obligations under the financing agreement and termination of all commitments occurs;                        the original leverage ratio requirement under the financing agreement will be modified to (i) reduce the numerator of the ratio by the amount of liquidity as of the last day of the applicable period, and (ii) change the leverage ratio requirement to be, for any period of four fiscal quarters measured as of the end of any fiscal quarter, no greater than 3.50:1.00;                        provisions for requesting certain additional term loans under the financing agreement will be deleted;                        the applicable interest rate for loans under the financing agreement will be amended for Term A Loans to be 8.75% from the sixth amendment effective date up to the first anniversary thereof, 10.75% from the first anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date up to the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date, 12.75% from the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date until the final maturity date, and for Term B Loans to be 9.75% from the sixth amendment effective date up to the first anniversary thereof, 11.75% from the first anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date up to the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date, and 13.75% from the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date until the final maturity date;                        the exit fee required by the fifth amendment to the financing agreement will be amended so that it becomes due on the earlier to occur of (A) the final maturity date, (B) the date which all of the other obligations are repaid or required to be repaid in full in cash, and (C) the date that our company receives net cash proceeds of at least $20,000,000 from the public offering of our company's common stock (including the Public Offering). Once the accrued and unpaid exit fee is paid, it will be deemed satisfied in full and no additional amounts attributable to the exit fee will accrue or be payable;                        we agreed to pay to the administrative agent a nonrefundable fee, or the bridge exit fee, for the account of each consenting lender, accruing (i) on the sixth amendment effective date in an amount equal to 1.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding loans of such consenting lender (after giving effect to the prepayment of Term A Loans contemplated under the sixth amendment to the financing agreement as described below), (ii) on the first anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date in an amount equal to 2.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding as of such anniversary, and (iii) on the second anniversary of the sixth amendment effective date in an amount equal to 3.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding as of such anniversary. The bridge exit fee would be due on the earliest to occur of (A) the final maturity date, and (B) the date which all of the other obligations are repaid or required to be repaid in full in cash;                        the negative covenant relating to capital expenditures will be amended so that our subsidiaries can make capital expenditures up to the following limits: $2,400,000 for any fiscal quarter during the period January 1, 2016 - December 31, 2016, $3,140,000 for any fiscal quarter during the period January 1, 2017 - December 31, 2017, and $4,300,000 for any fiscal quarter during the period January 1, 2018 - December 31, 2018; and                        the negative covenant regarding the opening of new stores will be deleted.                     The conditions to the effectiveness of the sixth amendment to the financing agreement include, among others, the following:                   upon the closing of the Public Offering we must prepay not less than $16,000,000 of Term A Loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the amount prepaid and we must also pay certain accrued and unpaid fees owed to the secured lenders;                        our outstanding subordinated seller notes must be converted into common stock on terms and conditions satisfactory to the origination agent; and                        we must pay to the administrative agent for the ratable benefit of each consenting lender an amendment fee in an amount equal to 1.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding as of the sixth amendment effective date (after giving effect to the prepayment described above).          On December 16, 2015, we entered into the eighth amendment to the financing agreement. The eighth amendment extended the final maturity date of the financing agreement to February 15, 2016, in order to allow for the completion of the Public Offering. The eighth amendment also waived, until February 15, 2016, any noncompliance due to (a) the payment to Christals Management, LLC of quarterly management fees in advance, rather than arrears from January 2013 through June 2015, and (b) failure to meet the required leverage ratio and minimum equity covenants set forth in the financing agreement.      An amendment fee equal to 0.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding loans will be payable on the earlier of the final maturity date and the date on which all the loan obligations are repaid or must be repaid, and the borrowers must pay a $150,000 legal expense advance. The eighth amendment also proscribed payment of accrued, unpaid management fees until the earlier of the final maturity date or the date on which all the loan obligations are repaid or must be repaid, except that upon the closing of a qualified public offering, including the Public Offering, we may pay management fees of $325,000 to CP IV SPV, LLC.      Since the Company was unable to repay the debt on the maturity date, the interest rate charged on both Term A and Term B debt was increased to 14% and 17% per annum, respectively, effective on the maturity date. On February 22, 2016, we and certain of the Company s senior secured lenders, who we refer to as the Consenting Term A Lenders, entered into the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement. The forbearance and ninth amendment agreement further amends the financing agreement as described below.     The forbearance and ninth amendment agreement provides the Loan Parties with necessary forbearance from the enforcement by the secured lenders of default-related rights and remedies with respect to existing financing agreement defaults of the Loan Parties specified in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, or the Specified Defaults, until July 31, 2016.     Under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, the Loan Parties have the following obligations, among others. As applicable, after each obligation identified below, we are disclosing our current compliance status.                    The Company must appoint an independent director nominated by the Consenting Term A Lenders to the Board of Directors of the Company and the applicable equivalent Board of each of the Company s subsidiaries. On February 22, 2016, the Loan Parties appointed Matthew R. Kahn as independent director in satisfaction of this requirement.                        The Company must adopt a policy, or the Board Policy, of (i) scheduling meetings of the Board of Directors at least every two weeks from and after February 22, 2016 and until the Term A Loans and Term B Loans (each as defined in the financing agreement) have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash or otherwise restructured in a manner acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders, (ii) requiring management to present the Board of Directors of the Company with frequent updates as to the condition of the business and the status of the milestones described in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, and (iii) requiring management to provide prompt responses to the questions of any member of the Board of Directors. The Company adopted the Board Policy on February 24, 2016 in satisfaction of this requirement.                              The Loan Parties must enter into deposit account control agreements requested by the Consenting Term A Lenders. The Loan Parties have complied with this requirement.                         The Loan Parties must retain an investment bank acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders on terms and conditions acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders, to advise the Loan Parties in connection with a Qualified Refinancing and/or Qualified Private Sale. A Qualified Refinancing is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as a refinancing transaction resulting in cash proceeds that are sufficient to pay all obligations of the Term A Lenders or that is otherwise acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders and the independent director and a Qualified Private Sale is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as a sale of all or a portion of the Loan Parties that results in net proceeds that are sufficient to pay all obligations of the Term A Lenders or that is otherwise acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders and the independent director. The Company engaged an investment bank on February 22, 2016 in satisfaction of this requirement.                         The Loan Parties must provide the collateral agent and the Consenting Term A Lenders with an updated perfection certificate on or before February 29, 2016. The Company delivered a perfection certificate on February 29, 2016.                         The Company must issue warrants to the Consenting Term A Lenders for the purchase of up to an aggregate of 2.5% of the common shares of the Company on a fully diluted basis. See below for further discussion of this requirement.                         The Loan Parties must pay an amendment fee to each Consenting Term A Lender equal to 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of such Consenting Term A Lender s outstanding loans (both Term A Loans and Term B Loans). The Loan Parties paid the amendment fee in satisfaction of this requirement.                         The Company and Loan Parties must pay the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and other costs and expenses requested by the Consenting Term A Lenders and up to $15,000 in costs and expenses to the Term B Lenders. The Loan Parties initially paid a $150,000 retainer to the counsel of the Consenting Term A Lenders, as required, and have subsequently paid fees and expenses for both the Consenting Term A Lenders and Term B Lenders in accordance with the terms of the Forbearance Agreement.                         The Loan Parties must enter into a non-binding term sheet, on terms and conditions that are acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders, with respect to a Step Two Restructuring Transaction by March 15, 2016. A Step Two Restructuring Transaction is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as an out-of-court restructuring on terms and conditions acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders or a pre-arranged Chapter 11 bankruptcy on terms and conditions acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders. On May 31, 2016, the Company delivered a proposal to the Consenting Term A Lenders outlining a Step Two Restructuring Transaction for their review and consideration. See below for further discussion of this requirement.                         The Company is required to consummate before April 15, 2016 a Step One Restructuring Transaction, which consists of either an initial public offering where the allocation of proceeds is approved by the Consenting Term A Lenders and the independent director, a Qualified Refinancing, or a Qualified Private Sale, as described above. If a Step One Restructuring Transaction has not been consummated on or before April 15, 2016, the Company and the holders of at least two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Company s outstanding subordinated seller notes must enter into a restructuring support agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders in order to implement the Step Two Restructuring Transaction. The Company continues to use its commercially reasonable efforts to seek to accomplish a Step One Restructuring Transaction and the Lenders have granted the Company a rolling extension to the April 15, 2016 deadline.                         Starting on February 15, 2016, the Loan Parties must pay interest at the default rate under the financing agreement (generally equal to the applicable rate plus 2.00%). This default interest must be paid in cash to the Term A Lenders, and accrued and added to the principal balance for Term B Loans. The Loan Parties complied with this requirement through May 31, 2016, at which time the cash payment of the Term A interest was suspended. See below for further discussion of this requirement.                          Upon request by the Consenting Term A Lenders, the existing engagement letter between the Loan Parties and the consulting firm engaged to provide a chief restructuring officer must be amended to include additional services and responsibilities requested by the Consenting Term A Loans which are consistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company and the Loan Parties. There have been two additional amendments to the engagement letter that were requested by the Consenting Term A Lenders, and accommodated by the Company. Upon an additional request by the Consenting Term A Lenders, the Company intends to continue to comply with this requirement.                         The Loan Parties must provide cash forecasts starting February 29, 2016 and every twenty days after the last day of each calendar month for the upcoming 13-week period. Starting March 16, 2016, the Loan Parties must also provide a bi-weekly report stating their actual cash receipts and disbursements for the immediately preceding week and a reconciliation between actual and projected cash receipts and disbursements and explanation for causes for variations. The Company has complied with this requirement and does not expect any compliance issues with respect to the same in the future.                         The Loan Parties are prohibited from making any cash payments for accrued and unpaid interest on or principal of the outstanding subordinated seller notes. The Company intends to comply with this requirement and does not expect any compliance issues with respect to the same.                         Unless a Step One Restructuring Transaction or a Step Two Restructuring Transaction has occurred or the Term A Loans and the Term B Loans have been paid in full in cash or otherwise restructured in a manner acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders prior to the first to occur of a Termination Event or the outside date of July 31, 2016, the Company must deliver the membership interests of Christals Acquisition to the collateral agent of for further distribution to the Term A Lenders and Term B Lenders in a manner consistent with the financing agreement. A Termination Event is generally defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as a default or event of default other than the Specified Defaults, a failure to comply with the other requirements of the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, the pursuit of an alternative transaction that is inconsistent with the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement as determined by the Consenting Term A Lenders, the breach of any representation or warranty in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement and certain other breaches or defaults specified in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement. The Company continues to pursue all options to find an acceptable resolution, including the pursuit of a Step One Restructuring Transaction, and is awaiting a response from the Consenting Term A Lenders on the Step Two Restructuring Proposal that was submitted by the Company on May 31, 2016. See below for further discussion of this requirement.        The foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement, and by its nature is incomplete. A copy of the Forbearance and Ninth Amendment Agreement was filed on April 14, 2016, as Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and is incorporated into this report by reference. All readers are encouraged to read the entire text of the Forbearance and Ninth Amendment Agreement.     On March 14, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to a ten-day extension of the deadline to grant the Warrants and enter into a Step Two Restructuring Term Sheet (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) until March 24, 2016. This extension was conditioned on the agreement by the Company and the Loan Parties of the following conditions, which conditions were accepted by the Company and the other Loan Parties:                   The Company and its subsidiaries will not amend the compensation arrangements of their key employees, executives, officers and directors without the prior written consent of the Consenting Term A Lenders.                        Upon receipt of Indication of Interest letters or other communications from third parties with respect to a potential Step One Restructuring Transaction, all such communications will be promptly provided to the Consenting Term A Lenders and their counsel.                        In addition to the requirement in Section 3(e) of the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement for periodic updates, the Consenting Term A Lenders may from time to time contact executives, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries to discuss the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and their ongoing restructuring efforts.                 On March 24, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to further extend the deadline to grant the warrants and enter into the Step Two Restructuring Term Sheet until March 30, 2016.     On March 31, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to further extend the deadline to grant the warrants and enter into the Step Two Restructuring Term Sheet until April 11, 2016. After April 11, 2016, this extension will automatically renew unless the Company receives 24 hours  notice from the Consenting Term A Lenders of the termination of the extension. In connection with this additional waiver, the Company agreed to the following conditions:                   On or before the close of business on April 1, 2016, the Company shall make an interest payment to the Term A Lenders in the amount of $325,500. The Company has complied with this requirement.                      On or before the close of business on April 1, 2016, the Company shall wire $75,000 to counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders, as a retainer pursuant to the terms of the Engagement Letter dated as of January 27, 2016 between counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders, the Company and the Consenting Term A Lenders. The Company wired these fees on April 1, 2016. As previously reported by the Company in a current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016, the Company was required to agree to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement.                        No further extension shall be provided unless the Company shall have entered into an engagement letter with a Chief Restructuring Officer on or before April 11, 2016, which engagement letter shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Consenting Term A Lenders. The Company complied with this requirement on April 21, 2016.                        Counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders also confirmed by email correspondence that its clients will not require the Company to make further administrative agent fee payments to Cortland Capital Market Services LLC until a further agreement has been reached as to its fee.          On June 1, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed not to enforce their rights to require the Company and the Loan Parties to perform their obligations under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement and the financing agreement generally or to meet the deadlines specified therein, including without limitation, the obligations and deadlines itemized below, until 24 hours following the date that the Consenting Term A Lenders notify the Company in writing that they revoke such waiver, which we refer to as the Revocation Notice. This agreement was subject to the payment by the Company to counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders of a $100,000 retainer which will be applied in the ordinary course to pay for legal services rendered and to be rendered by such firm on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders in connection with the restructuring efforts. The Company paid the $100,000 retainer on June 1, 2016.     The obligations under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement that the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed not to enforce until 24 hours following receipt of the Revocation Notice by the Company include the following:                    The requirement to enter into a Restructuring Support Agreement (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) by May 1, 2016;                        The requirement to close an Acceptable Out of Court Restructuring (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) by May 31, 2016;                        The requirement to make an interest payment by June 1, 2016 and to make other interest payments in the future until an out of court restructuring is reached or the Company receives the Revocation Notice; and                        The requirement to have an Acceptable Pre-Arranged Chapter 11 Bankruptcy (as defined in the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement) closing date by June 15, 2016.                 On July 25, 2016, counsel to the Consenting Term A Lenders confirmed by email correspondence on behalf of the Consenting Term A Lenders that the requirement to complete a the Stock Turnover Transaction is also covered by the waiver obtained by the Company on June 1, 2016 so that the Company is not required to effectuate a Stock Turnover Transaction until 24 hours following the date that the Consenting Term A Lenders notify the Company in writing that they revoke such waiver.     None of the Consenting Term A Lenders waived any of its rights and remedies under the forbearance and ninth amendment agreement or the financing agreement generally. Instead, the Consenting Term A Lenders agreed to not enforce such rights until 24 hours following receipt by the Company of a Revocation Notice.     On September 30, 2016, the lenders agreed to waive compliance by the Loan Parties to use their best efforts to maintain with a responsible insurance company  key man  life insurance with respect to Lisa Berman (as successor officer to Barry Soosman) and the borrowers to pay to the Term A Agent (as defined in the financing agreement) for its own account, quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter and on the date the obligations are paid in full, an administrative fee in the amount of $15,000 (or a pro rata portion in the case of the final payment of such fee).     The foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of this waiver, and, by its nature, is incomplete. A copy of the waiver was filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2016 and is incorporated into this report by reference. All readers are encouraged to read the entire text of the waiver.     There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional waivers, or that we will continue to be in compliance with the terms and conditions of the agreements with our secured and other lenders. If we fail to obtain waivers or default on our secured debt, then our lenders may be able to accelerate such debt or take other action against us, which would have material adverse consequences on our financial condition and our ability to continue to operate.      Obligations Under Material Contracts      Except with respect to the loan obligations disclosed above, and the minimum amounts due under various lease arrangements for our stores, corporate headquarters and warehouse (which are more fully described in Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein), we have no material obligations to pay cash or deliver cash to any other party.      Impact of   Inflation   and Changing Prices      Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future could have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross profit and could result in an increase in operating expenses, as a percentage of revenue, if we cannot increase our retail prices to cover these increased costs. In addition, inflation could materially increase the interest rates that we are able to obtain, if we were to refinance our debt or increase our borrowings.      Off-Balance   Sheet   Arrangements      We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor in our securities.      Seasonality      Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. Significant portions of our net sales and profits are realized during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year due to the holiday selling season. To a lesser extent, our business is also affected by Valentine s Day. Any decrease in sales during these higher sales volume periods could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results for the entire fiscal year. Our quarterly results of operations have varied in the past and are likely to do so again in the future. As such, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance.            Critical   Accounting   Policies       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operation. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial conditions and results of operations and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements:       Inventory  . Inventory consists of merchandise acquired for resale and is valued at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a FIFO basis, and includes costs to purchase and distribute the goods, net of any markdowns or volume discounts. We maintain reserves for potential obsolescence and shrinkage.       Vendor Allowances  . We receive allowances from vendors in the normal course of business, including markdown allowances, purchase volume discounts and rebates, and other merchandise credits. Vendor allowances are recorded as a reduction of the vendor s product cost and are recognized in cost of sales as the product is sold.        Fair Value of Financial Instruments  . Our management believes the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to their short maturity.       Long-Lived Assets  . Property and equipment are stated at cost. Maintenance and repair costs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method with estimated useful lives as indicate below:             Furniture and equipment         7 years      Software         3 years      Computer equipment         5 years      Leasehold improvements         15 years         Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the related assets or the leases term, and this amortization is included in depreciation.       Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  . We review long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable based on undiscounted cash flows. If long-lived assets are impaired, an impairment loss is recognized and is measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. The estimation of future undiscounted cash flows from operating activities requires significant estimates of factors that include future sales growth and gross margin performance. Management believes they have appropriately determined future cash flows and operating performance; however, should actual results differ from those expected, additional impairment may be required. No significant impairment charges have been recognized in fiscal 2016 or 2015.             Goodwill  . Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired using acquisition accounting and is not amortized. Under FASB ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed at least annually for impairment. Acquired intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their individual useful lives. On at least an annual basis, management assesses whether there has been any impairment in the value of goodwill by first comparing the fair value to the net carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value, a second step is performed to compute the amount of the impairment. An impairment loss is recognized if the implied fair value of the asset being tested is less than its carrying value. In this event, the asset is written down accordingly. The fair values of goodwill impairment testing are determined using valuation techniques based on estimates, judgments and assumptions management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. At December 31, 2015, we took a $40.6 million goodwill impairment charge.       Finance Costs, Net  . We are a party to debt agreements that contain non-interest fees and expenses, such as underwriting and covenant waiver fees. These fees are accrued as incurred and amortized over the life of the financing agreement.        Revenue Recognition  . We derive revenues from sale of merchandise and upon the following: (1) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (3) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.       Cost of Goods Sold  . Cost of goods sold consists primarily of the merchandise cost of products sold, including inbound freight, duties and packaging.       Recent Accounting Pronouncements      See Note 2 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.        ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.       Not applicable.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures      We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     As required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Lisa Berman, and Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Janet Mathews, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of September 30, 2016. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, Mmes. Berman and Mathews determined that, because of the material weaknesses described in Item 9A  Controls and Procedures  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which we are still in the process of remediating as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Investors are directed to Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 for the description of these weaknesses.            Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting      We regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes.      During its evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, our management identified material weaknesses associated with separation of duties, software and system process documentation and testing, and other internal control testing. As disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, our management has identified the steps necessary to address the material weaknesses and will continue with the design and implementation of remedial procedures to address these weaknesses, and the replacement and upgrade of its computer systems as resourced become available. Certain changes associated with the lack of separation of duties will not be implemented until we have restructured our debt and are able to hire the additional staff necessary to bring our Company into compliance.     Other than in connection with the implementation of the remedial measures described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.              PART II      OTHER INFORMATION         ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.       From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these, or other matters, may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition or operating results.        ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS.       Not applicable as we are a smaller reporting company. See, however, the risk factors contained in Item 1A of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Please also see the risk factors contained in our Form S-1/A, dated October 30, 2015.       ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.       We did not sell any equity securities during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the quarter.     During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock.       ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.       None.        ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  .       Not applicable.              ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.       On November 11, 2016, we entered into an investment banking engagement agreement, which we refer to as the engagement letter, with SSG Advisors, LLC and its affiliated broker-dealer SSG Capital Advisors, LLC, or SSG, and Lake Street Capital Markets, or Lake Street, who along with SSG, we refer to as the advisors. Pursuant to the engagement agreement, we engaged the advisors for advice and investment banking services on an exclusive basis in connection with the sale of our business or some part(s) of our business, which we refer to as a sale, and/or a restructuring of our balance sheet with existing stakeholders and lenders, which we refer to as a restructuring. In addition, upon our request the advisors will also provide certain financial advisory services as well as valuation services. We agreed to give the advisors exclusive authority to initiate and conduct discussions and assist and advise us regarding prospective purchasers. We also agreed to identify to the advisors all prospective purchasers and investors who had been in contact prior to the date of the engagement agreement, and all prospective purchasers who come in contact with us during the term of the engagement agreement. We may reject any proposed sale or restructuring regardless of the proposed terms.     The engagement agreement requires us to pay to the advisors the following fees. A fee of $25,000, or the initial fee, which was due and payable to SSG upon the execution of the engagement agreement, and monthly fees of $25,000, or the monthly fees, which are due and payable each month beginning November 2016 and continuing during the term of the engagement agreement. The advisors will seek to identify an interested purchaser of our company and the fee payable to the advisors for the sale will be dependent upon whether there any other interested purchasers that make a bid higher than the initial purchaser s bid, which we refer to as an overbid. The fees payable upon a sale range from $300,000 to $480,000 plus 5.0% of any overbid with credits for the initial fee and monthly fees. In the case of a restructuring with our lenders instead of a sale, SSG would be entitled to a fee equal to $300,000. We will not be required to pay both a sale fee and a restructuring fee. The initial fee and the monthly fees would also be credited against the restructuring fee. Finally, if we request financial advisory services, we would be required to pay an additional fee of $250,000 and if we request a valuation, we would be required to pay an additional fee of $50,000. In addition to the above fees, the advisors will be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the subject matter of the engagement agreement.     The engagement agreement term will be six months and then may be terminated by either party upon 30 days  written notice to the other, except that either party may terminate the engagement agreement immediately upon the closing of a sale or restructuring. If a sale or restructuring occurs within twelve months of the termination of the engagement agreement with a party with whom the Advisors had contact during the term of the engagement agreement, then we would remain obligated to pay a sale fee as calculated above.     The foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the engagement agreement, and, by its nature, is incomplete. A copy of the engagement agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this report and is incorporated into this report by reference. All readers are encouraged to read the entire text of the agreement.     Also on November 11, 2016, we entered into an engagement agreement, which we refer to as the Traverse engagement agreement, with Traverse LLC, or Traverse, for certain restructuring consulting services. These services will include Traverse making available to the Company a Chief Restructuring Officer, or CRO, and other employees of Traverse, who we refer to as the additional personnel, as required to assist the CRO in providing these services. The CRO and the additional personnel will report to and take direction from the Company s board of directors to provide comprehensive support to the Company with respect to its pursuit of restructuring alternatives. The Company will pay a fixed monthly fee of $50,000 and a security retainer advance of $25,000. The Traverse engagement agreement will have a term of six months but may be terminated by either party upon thirty days  prior written notice to the other.     The foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the Traverse Engagement Agreement, and, by its nature, is incomplete. A copy of the Traverse Engagement Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this report and is incorporated into this report by reference. All readers are encouraged to read the entire text of the agreement.     Except as specified above, we have no information to disclose that was required to be in a report on Form 8-K during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, but was not reported. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.              ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.       The following exhibits are filed with this report, except those indicated as having previously been filed with the SEC and are incorporated by reference to another report, registration statement or form. As to any stockholder of record requesting a copy of this report, we will furnish any exhibit indicated in the list below as filed with this report upon payment to us of our expenses in furnishing the information.              Exhibit No.           Description                        10.1         Forbearance and Ninth Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Form 10-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Agreement on April 14, 2016).                       10.2         Waiver and Consent: Key Man Insurance; Term A Agent Fee, dated September 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2016).                        10.3           Engagement Agreement among Peekay Boutiques, Inc., SSG Advisors, LLC and its affiliated broker-dealer SSG Capital Advisors, LLC, and Lake Street Capital Markets, dated November 11, 2016.                         10.4           Engagement Agreement between Peekay Boutiques, Inc. and Traverse, LLC, dated November 11, 2016.                         31.1           Certifications of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                         31.2           Certifications of Principal Financial Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                         32.1           Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                        101         Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (furnished herewith).                  SIGNATURES      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.                   Date: November 14, 2016   By:    /s/ Lisa Berman             Name:    Lisa Berman            Title:    Chief Executive Officer                (Principal Executive Officer)                       By:    /s/ Janet Mathews             Name:    Janet Mathews            Title:    Chief Financial Officer                (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)                   EXHIBIT INDEX                Exhibit No.           Description                        10.1         Forbearance and Ninth Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Form 10-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Agreement on April 14, 2016).                       10.2         Waiver and Consent: Key Man Insurance; Term A Agent Fee, dated September 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2016).                       10.3         Engagement Agreement among Peekay Boutiques, Inc., SSG Advisors, LLC and its affiliated broker-dealer SSG Capital Advisors, LLC, and Lake Street Capital Markets, dated November 11, 2016.                       10.4         Engagement Agreement between Peekay Boutiques, Inc. and Traverse, LLC, dated November 11, 2016.                       31.1         Certifications of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                       31.2         Certifications of Principal Financial Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                       32.1         Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                       101         Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (furnished herewith).                   

<EX-10.3>
 2
 pkay_ex103.htm
 ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
   pkay_ex103.htm      EXHIBIT 10.3                November 11, 2016      Ms. Lisa Berman  Chief Executive Officer  Peekay Boutiques, Inc.  901 West Main Street  Auburn, WA 98001     Dear Ms. Berman:     This agreement ( Engagement Agreement ) will serve as the contract between Peekay Boutiques, Inc. ( Peekay  or the  Company ) and SSG Advisors, LLC ("SSG" ) and Lake Street Capital Markets ( Lake Street ) (collectively  Advisors ) regarding the retention of Advisors as investment banker to Peekay for the purposes outlined in this Engagement Agreement. Advisors  responsibilities hereunder involve providing investment banking services to Peekay, on an exclusive basis, focusing on: (i) the sale of substantially all of the assets of Peekay (the  Sale ) either through one sale or multiple sales of the parts; and/or (ii) the restructuring of Peekay s balance sheet with existing stakeholders (the  Restructuring ). In addition, if requested in writing by the Company, Advisors shall provide financial advisory services ( Financial Advisory Services ) as well as valuation ( Valuation ) services as more fully described below.            A.    Advisors  Roles                      1.    SSG s role, with the assistance and cooperation of Lake Street, in connection with the Sale will include the following:                      Prepare an information memorandum describing Peekay, its historical performance including existing operations, facilities, contracts, customers, management and projected financial results and operations;                        Assist the Company in compiling a data room of any necessary and appropriate documents related to the Sale;                        Assist the Company in developing a list of suitable potential buyers who will be contacted on a discreet and confidential basis after approval by the Company;                        Coordinate the execution of confidentiality agreements for potential buyers wishing to review the information memorandum;                        Assist the Company in coordinating management calls and site visits for interested buyers and work with the management team to develop appropriate presentations for such presentations and visits;                        Solicit competitive offers from potential buyers;                        Advise and assist the Company in structuring the transaction and negotiating the transaction agreements;                        Provide testimony in support of the Sale; and                        Otherwise assist the Company and its counsel as necessary through closing on a best efforts basis.                                   
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 2              2.    SSG shall assist Peekay in negotiating with existing stakeholders in regard to a potential Restructuring if desired by the Company. Advisors will provide Peekay with the services required above in connection with the Restructuring, including an enterprise valuation, liquidation valuation, feasibility analysis and negotiations with the existing stakeholders.                   3.    If requested, SSG shall provide Financial Advisory Services to the Company which will include the following:                        Reviewing and analyzing the Company s financial projections;                      Assisting the Company if and as may be needed in obtaining financing (the  Loan ) and in negotiations with the lender;                        Providing testimony in support of the Loan;                        Assisting the Company with schedules, statement of financial affairs and monthly operating reports;                        Assisting the Company in negotiations with creditors and stakeholders and attending meetings;                        Assist the Company and its counsel in preparation for and during any potential Chapter 11 proceeding;                        Assisting the Company and its counsel in preparing a plan of reorganization or liquidation as well as a disclosure statement; and                        Provide reports and testimony within the areas of our expertise as requested by the Company and counsel.                          4.    If requested by the Company, SSG shall prepare a Valuation report which may be used by the Company to negotiate with existing creditors and stakeholders. SSG will also provide expert testimony in support of the Valuation.        In performing the services described above, the Company will furnish or cause to be furnished to Advisors such information as Advisors reasonably believe appropriate to the execution of its engagement hereunder (all such information so furnished being the "Information"). The Company represents to Advisors that all Information furnished by it or its agents will be complete and correct in all material respects, to the best of its knowledge, and that until the expiration of Advisors  engagement hereunder, it will advise Advisors immediately of the occurrence of any event or any other change known by it or its agents that results in the Information ceasing to be complete and correct in all material respects. The Company recognizes and confirms that Advisors: (a) will use and rely primarily on the Information and on information available from generally recognized public sources in performing the services contemplated hereby without having independently verified any of the same; (b) does not assume responsibility for accurateness or completeness of the Information and such other information; and (c) will not make an appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of Peekay.                        
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 3     Peekay agrees that Advisors shall be its exclusive investment bankers in connection with any Sale or Restructuring undertaken with respect to the Company during the Term, as defined below, of this Engagement Agreement. Peekay agrees that, during the Term of this Engagement Agreement, SSG, with the assistance and cooperation of Lake Street, shall have the exclusive authority to initiate and conduct discussions and assist and advise the Company in its negotiations with all prospective purchasers. In that regard, the Company agrees to identify to Advisors: (a) all prospective purchasers and investors who have been in contact with the Company prior to the date hereof; and (b) all prospective purchasers who come in contact with Peekay during the term of this Engagement Agreement.     SSG, with the assistance and cooperation of Lake Street, will consult with and advise Peekay with respect to the financial aspects of any proposed Sale or Restructuring including price, terms and conditions. Advisors will not, however, have any authority to bind Peekay with respect to any proposed Sale or Restructuring. Likewise, nothing contained herein shall require the Company to accept the terms of any proposal and the Company shall at all times have the right in its sole and absolute discretion to reject any proposed Sale or Restructuring regardless of the terms proposed.            B.    Advisors      Compensation          As compensation for providing the foregoing services, Advisors shall receive the following:                 1.     Initial Fee . An initial fee (the  Initial Fee ) of $25,000 is payable to SSG upon the execution of this Engagement Agreement. The Initial Fee will be credited against the Sale Fee or Restructuring Fee payable to SSG, as described further below in paragraph B.3(e).                         2.     Monthly Fee . A monthly fee (the  Monthly Fee ) of $25,000 per month beginning November, 2016 and continuing each month thereafter during the Engagement Term, as defined below. Each Monthly Fee will be credited in full against the Sale Fee or Restructuring Fee payable to SSG, as described further below in paragraph B.3(e).                         3.     Sale Fee . Upon the closing of a Sale Transaction described below, a sale fee (payable in cash, certified check or in federal funds via wire transfer) shall be paid to the Advisors in the amount equal to, and as allocated between SSG and Lake Street, as set forth below (the  Sale Fee ):                             
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 4                 a.    In the event that no qualified overbid is received resulting in an auction and the stalking horse is the ultimate winning purchaser, the Sale Fee shall be $300,000 (with such Sale Fee split 80% SSG and 20% Lake Street (the  SSG/LS Allocation ).                         b.    In the event that one or more qualified overbids is received resulting in an auction and the stalking horse purchaser is the ultimate winning purchaser, the Sale Fee shall be $300,000 plus 5% of Total Consideration in excess of the original stalking horse bid (with such Sale Fee split according to the SSG/Lake Street Allocation).                         c.    Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in the event that one or more qualified overbids is received resulting in an auction and the ultimate winning purchaser is  not  a party identified on that certain buyer s list ( Buyer s List ) provided by Lake Street to the Company and SSG, the Sale Fee shall be the greater of $400,000 or 5% of Total Consideration in excess of the original stalking horse bid (with such Sale Fee paid only to SSG); provided, if a qualified bid is submitted by a party on the Buyer s List, then such Sale Fee will be split according to the SSG/Lake Street Allocation.                         d.    Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in the event that one or more qualified overbids is received resulting in an auction and the ultimate winning purchaser is a party identified on the Buyer s List, then the Sale Fee shall be the greater of $480,000 or 5.0% of Total Consideration in excess of the stalking horse bid (with such Sale Fee split according to the SSG/Lake Street Allocation).                         e.    Notwithstanding anything contained herein, each Initial Fee and Monthly Fee shall be credited against only the 80% of the Sale Fee allocated to SSG and not the 20% of the Sale Fee allocated to Lake Street. By way of example, if the Sale Fee is $300,000 and a total of $100,000 is credited, then the Sale Fee due Advisors as allocated would be:               ______   *** Net Sale Fee to SSG is $140,000.                 f.    For the avoidance of doubt, the Advisors shall not be entitled to receive more than one Sale Fee.                           
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 5                 4.   Restructuring   Fee : In the event that Peekay ultimately closes a Restructuring in lieu of a Sale Transaction, SSG shall be entitled to a fee ( Restructuring Fee ) equal to $300,000 which shall be paid from operating cash flow, available cash, new funds or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, Peekay shall not pay both a Restructuring Fee and a Sale Fee.                         5.   Financial Advisory Fee : If requested by the Company to perform financial advisory services, then SSG shall receive a financial advisory fee ( Financial Advisory Fee ) of $25,000 for the services to prepare for any potential Chapter 11 filing plus $20,000 per month thereafter during the Engagement Term. The Financial Advisory Fee will not be credited against the Sale Fee or Restructuring Fee.                         6.     Valuation Fee : If requested by the Company to prepare a Valuation, then SSG shall receive a valuation fee ( Valuation Fee ) of $50,000. The Valuation Fee will not be credited against the Sale Fee or Restructuring Fee. The Valuation Fee shall cover, without limitation, any report prepared by SSG, which may be used by the Company to negotiate with existing creditors and stakeholders, and any expert testimony in support of the Valuation.                         7.    In addition to the foregoing Fees, whether or not a Sale or Restructuring Transaction is consummated, Advisors will be entitled to reimbursement for all of Advisors  reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the subject matter of this engagement.                         8.     No Other Compensation . Advisors shall be entitled only to the compensation set forth herein and shall not seek or request any other compensation from the Company or any other party in connection with the services provided hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, Lake Street s compensation hereunder shall supersede and replace in its entirety any compensation to which it otherwise might be entitled pursuant to any prior engagement with the Company.                    C.    Definitions          For the purpose of this Engagement Agreement:      Sale Transaction  means and includes any transaction involving in whole or in parts, the sale or transfer, directly or indirectly, of all or substantially all of the assets or equity of Peekay whether consummated in or out of court in one or multiple transactions.      Restructuring Transaction  means and includes any Restructuring completed through a confirmed plan of reorganization or out of court reorganization, whether proposed by the Company or any third party, whereby the debt and/or equity is altered, amended, diluted, revised and/or exchanged..      Total Consideration  shall mean the purchase price paid for the equity, assets or secured debt, or any portion of either, plus the assumption or payoff of indebtedness and/or payables, on or off the balance sheet, and the value of any assets liquidated.                         
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 6            D.    Term of Engagement          This Engagement Agreement shall remain in force (the  Engagement Term ) for a period of six (6) months from the date of signing this Engagement Agreement and may thereafter be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other; provided, however, that either party may terminate this Engagement Agreement by written notice immediately upon the closing of a Sale or Restructuring. Upon the termination of this Engagement Agreement, neither party shall have any further obligations to the other except that: (a) termination of the Engagement Agreement shall not affect Advisors  right to indemnification under the Indemnification paragraph below; (b) Peekay shall remain obligated to pay Advisors any unpaid Monthly Fees, Financial Advisory Fee or Valuation Fee and to reimburse SSG for any expenses incurred through the date of the termination of the Engagement Agreement; and (c) if a Sale or Restructuring is consummated within twelve (12) months ( Trailer Term ) of the termination of this Engagement Agreement with a party with whom Advisors had contact during the Engagement Term, Peekay shall remain obligated to pay a Sale Fee, as calculated above. Sections B, D, E, F and G (entitled Compensation, Term of Engagement, Indemnification, Miscellaneous, and Scope of Duties, respectively) of this Engagement Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this Engagement Agreement indefinitely.            E.    Indemnification          The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees to the indemnification arrangements between the parties hereto as described on Attachment A hereto, which Attachment is incorporated herein and forms an integral part hereof.            F.    Miscellaneous          No fee payable to any other investment banker or finder by Peekay in connection with the subject matter of this engagement shall reduce or otherwise affect any fee payable to Advisors hereunder. This Engagement Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and cancels any prior communications, understandings and agreements between the parties hereto. This Engagement Agreement cannot be modified or changed, nor can any of its provisions be waived, except by written agreement signed by both parties. The benefits of this Engagement Agreement shall inure to the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto and of the Indemnified Parties and their respective successors, assigns and representatives, and the obligations and liabilities assumed in this Engagement Agreement by the parties hereto shall be binding upon their respective successors and assigns. This Engagement Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its conflicts of laws principles or rules.     In the event the Company files one or more Chapter 11 Bankruptcy proceedings, either voluntary or involuntary, during the Engagement Term, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have Advisors employed upon the same or substantially similar terms and shall have this Engagement Agreement and Advisors  retention as the Company s exclusive investment banker approved by a Court of competent jurisdiction.     This Engagement Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same Engagement Agreement.                        
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 7             G.    Scope of Duties          Peekay hereby acknowledges and agrees that: (a) it has retained Advisors for the limited purposes set forth in this Engagement Agreement and that the rights and obligations of the parties hereto are contractual in nature; and (b) has Advisors have not made any warranties or guarantees of any nature with respect to the success or satisfactory conclusion of any Sale or Restructuring or as to the economic, financial or other results which may be obtained or experienced by the Company as a result thereof. Both Peekay and Advisors disclaim any intention to impose fiduciary duties or obligations on the other by virtue of the engagement contemplated by this Engagement Agreement except in the event of a Chapter 11 proceeding, and no other person or entity shall have any rights or obligations hereunder except as expressly provided herein.            H.    Other Matters          Peekay agrees that Advisors have the right, following the Sale or Restructuring closing, to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals at its own expense describing its services to the Company hereunder.     In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001), Advisors are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies its clients, which information may include the name and address of Peekay and its senior management team as well as other information that will allow Advisors to properly identify its clients. Additionally, Advisors maintain important disclosures on their web sites. These disclosures may be updated periodically on an as-needed basis. Peekay agrees to accept and receive all of these disclosures by electronically accessing the website referenced above and acknowledges that printed hard copies of these disclosures are available upon request by contacting Advisors directly.            I.    Securities Platform          All transactions involving the sale or purchase of any security (as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the rules and regulations promulgated there under) are offered through SSG Capital Advisors, LLC. ( SCA ), an affiliated Pennsylvania corporation and registered Broker-Dealer in good standing with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation ( SIPC ). Principals of SSG are registered representatives of SCA. Therefore, SCA is included collectively as  SSG  with all the rights and obligations thereto under the terms of this Engagement Agreement.     To the extent the Sale Fee or Restructuring Fee is payable to SSG in connection with the Sale or Restructuring constituting the purchase or sale of any security (as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the rules and regulations promulgated there under), such Sale Fee or Restructuring Fee shall be specifically paid to SCA. Under no circumstance will Peekay be obligated to pay a fee in an aggregate amount in excess of the amount provided in this Engagement Agreement. Payment of the fee to SCA shall constitute and be deemed payment of the fee in this Engagement Agreement.                        
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 8      Any amendment, modification or other changes to this Engagement Agreement must be in writing and signed by both parties to be enforceable.     Please indicate your acceptance of the foregoing by executing and returning the enclosed copy of this letter.                SSG ADVISORS, LLC          LAKE STREET CAPITAL MARKETS                                           By:   /s/ J. Scott Victor      By:   /s/ Tim Klein           J. Scott Victor        Tim Klein         Managing Director        Managing Director                   ACCEPTED:                                                           PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.                                             By:   /s/ Lisa Berman          November 11, 2016          Lisa Berman         Date          Chief Executive Officer                                      
             Ms. Lisa Berman  November 11, 2016  Page 9      A  TTACHMENT A    I  NDE  M  N  I  FICATION PROVISIONS      The Company agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless SSG, SCA and Lake Street and their affiliates, the respective partners, members, directors, officers, agents and employees of Advisors and its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling Advisors or its affiliates (the foregoing being referred to herein individually as an  Indemnified Party  and collectively as the  Indemnified Parties ) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities or costs, as and when incurred, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject to or which are asserted against any Indemnified Party, directly or indirectly, in any way related to Advisors acting for the Company under the Engagement Agreement of which this Attachment A forms a part, including, without limitation, in connection with: (a) any act or omission by Advisors related to its engagement as financial advisor under the Engagement Agreement; or (b) Advisors  acceptance, or its performance or non-performance, of its obligations under said Engagement Agreement. The Company will reimburse the Indemnified Parties for any legal or other expenses incurred by them, as and when incurred, in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any such losses, claims, damages or liabilities or any action in respect thereof, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation, and whether or not any Indemnified Party is a party thereto; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable under the foregoing indemnity agreement in respect of any liability to the extent that such liability is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal, to have resulted primarily from Advisors  gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties under said Engagement Agreement. The Company agrees that reliance by Advisors on any publicly-available information, the information supplied by the Company to Advisors in connection with said Engagement Agreement or any directions furnished by the Company shall not constitute negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct by Advisors.     In order to provide for just and equitable contribution, if a claim for indemnification is made pursuant to said Engagement Agreement but it is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal, that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case, the Indemnified Parties, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall each contribute to the amount paid or payable as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Parties, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, and the relative benefits to the Indemnified Parties, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, arising out of the particular matter or transaction which gave rise to such loss, claim, damage, liability or costs, and all other relevant equitable considerations shall also be taken into account. No person found liable for a fraudulent misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not also found liable for such fraudulent misrepresentation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Advisors shall not be obligated to contribute any amount hereunder that exceeds the amount of fees previously received by Advisors hereunder.     The provisions of this Attachment A shall survive any termination of said Engagement Agreement.                           

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 pkay_ex104.htm
 ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
   pkay_ex104.htm      EXHIBIT 10.4      November 11, 2016       CONFIDENTIAL       Lisa Berman, Chief Executive Officer  PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC.  901 West Main Street, Suite A  Auburn, WA 98001     Dear Ms. Berman:     This letter (the   Engagement Agreement  ) confirms the engagement of Traverse, LLC (  Traverse  ) by Company and its subsidiaries (the   Company  ) to provide restructuring consulting services. Traverse s role as restructuring consultant will include, but not limited, to the matters discussed below.                    1.    In connection with this engagement, Traverse shall make available to the Company:                    a.    Albert Altro to serve as Chief Restructuring Officer (the   CRO  ); and                         b.    Upon the mutual agreement of Traverse and the Company, Traverse will provide additional employees of Traverse and/or its affiliates (  Additional Personnel  ) as required (collectively with the CRO, the   Engagement Personnel  ), to assist the CRO in the execution of the duties set forth more fully herein.                     2.    The CRO, with the support of the Additional Personnel, shall, reporting to and taking direction from the Company s board of directors (the   Board  ) support the Company with respect to restructuring alternatives (the   Restructuring Alternatives  ), including but not limited to the following as reasonably necessary and/or requested from time to time:                    a.    Preparation of procedures and protocols during the forbearance period and related to the Restructuring Alternatives.                             b.    Supporting the Company with the preparation of various Restructuring Alternatives, including financial reporting relating thereto.                             c.    Coordinating with the Company s communication consultants and assisting with the Company s communications plan regarding the Restructuring Alternatives.                             d.    Assisting with reporting to and communicating with key constituencies, including but not limited to the Company s secured lenders, regarding the Restructuring Alternatives.                             e.    Assisting with the development of the business plan in connection with the Restructuring Alternatives.                        f.    Assisting with liquidity management and cash flow forecasting.                             g.    Assist with management of the Company s vendors and suppliers in connection with the Restructuring Alternatives.                             h.    Coordinate with the Company s Investment Bankers, and assist in the evaluation of the Restructuring Alternatives.                             i.    Taking other such actions consistent with the role of a chief restructuring officer.                             j.    Performing such other services as requested or directed by the Board.        In addition to the specific services listed above that we will perform, we understand that we will participate, at your request and to the extent appropriate, in meetings and discussions with appropriate parties and their representative relating to the Company s restructuring.                 3.    Traverse is a firm that provides turnaround, crisis management, and financial advisory services. In some cases, Traverse provides these services as advisors to management, in other cases one or more of its staff serve as corporate officers and other of its staff fill positions as full time or part time employees. To be clear this engagement letter sets forth Traverse s engagement as chief restructuring officer. In the event the Company commences a petition for relief under Title 11 of the United States Code (the   Bankruptcy Code  ), the Company shall seek approval of this agreement under Bankruptcy Code section 363.        The application of Traverse shall disclose the individuals identified for CRO as well as the names and proposed functions the Additional Personnel.                 4.    We understand that our work in providing such assistance will be performed in accordance with applicable standards of the accounting and restructuring profession and will include, at your request, reading and analyzing documents, discussing issues and assumptions with and advising you regarding the factual issues, concepts and perspectives that appear to us to be the most important factors bearing on the determinations at issue.                         5.    We understand that we will be performing only those services directed by the Board. We are to perform such procedures as are necessary and appropriate in the circumstances as to which we mutually agree.                         6.    It is our intention to work closely with you throughout this engagement. Regular discussions with you of our engagement should facilitate our progress and provide you with relevant information and an ongoing opportunity to confirm or request that we modify the scope of our engagement to best serve your objectives.                         7.    In order for us to perform our services, it will be necessary for us to have access to your facilities and to certain books, records and reports of the Company and affiliated organizations. We will perform our services in a manner that will permit the business operations of the Company to proceed in an orderly fashion, subject to the requirements of this engagement. We understand that you have briefed members of management as to the scope of this engagement and they have agreed to cooperate with us and our team and to make available to us their personnel, books, records and other data sources relevant to our needs.                              8.    Traverse acknowledges that, in connection with the services to be provided pursuant to this Engagement Agreement, certain confidential, non-public and proprietary information concerning the Company ( Confidential Information ) has been or may be disclosed by the Company to Traverse or its employees, affiliates, attorneys, subcontractors and advisors (collectively,  Representatives ). Traverse agrees that, without the Company s prior consent, no Confidential Information will be disclosed, in whole or in part, to (i) those Representatives who need access to any Confidential Information for purposes of performing the services to be provided hereunder, or (ii) as may be required by law or regulatory authority, provided that, in the case of clause (ii), to the extent legally permissible, Traverse shall cooperate with the Company in seeking, in order to prevent or limit disclosure of Confidential Information, a protective order or other appropriate remedy pursuant to the relevant procedures under any applicable laws and regulations; if, failing the entry of a protective order or other appropriate remedy, disclosure of any Confidential Information is required, Traverse may only disclose that portion of Confidential Information that its counsel advises it is compelled to disclose; and Traverse shall provide, prior to making such disclosure, prompt notice to the Company that such disclosure is required upon becoming aware of such requirement. The term  Confidential Information  does not include any information: (a) that was already in the possession of Traverse or any of its Representatives, or that was available to Traverse or any of its Representatives on a non-confidential basis, prior to the time of disclosure to Traverse or such Representatives; (b) obtained by Traverse or any of its Representatives from a third person which, insofar as is known to Traverse or such Representatives, is not subject to any prohibition against disclosure; (c) which was or is independently developed by Traverse or any of its Representatives without violating any confidentiality obligations under this paragraph; or (d) which was or becomes generally available to the public through no fault of Traverse. The obligations set forth in this paragraph shall remain in effect for a period of twelve months after the expiration or termination of this Engagement Agreement.                         9.    Our work will be performed on a "level-of-effort" basis; that is, the depth of our analyses and extent of our authentication of the information on which our advice to you will be predicated may be limited in some respects due to the extent and sufficiency of available information, time constraints dictated by the circumstances of our engagement, and other factors. Moreover, we do not contemplate examining any such information in accordance with generally accepted auditing or attestation standards. Rather, it is understood that, in general, we rely on information disclosed or supplied to us by you or by employees and representatives of the Company without audit or other detailed verification of their accuracy and validity.                                Traverse will bill, and the Company agrees to pay, a fixed monthly fee of $50,000 for work performed by the Engagement Personnel.      We will also be reimbursed for our reasonable out-of-pocket expenses including, but not limited to, travel, meals and lodging, delivery services, costs of reproduction, and other related expenses. We will submit monthly invoices for services rendered and expenses incurred. Our invoices are payable upon receipt.      It is our policy in these cases to receive a security retainer prior to the commencement of our activities to be held by us throughout this engagement. The retainer secures final payment of our invoices for services rendered. Given the magnitude and scope of the services you have requested, we require an advance of $25,000. This advance will be returned to the Company upon payment in full of our outstanding invoices or applied to any outstanding invoices at the conclusion of this engagement.                             10.    The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Traverse LLC and the Engagement Personnel (the   Indemnified Parties  ) to the fullest extent lawful from any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, penalties, judgments, awards, costs, fees, expenses and disbursements including, without limitation, the costs, fees, expenses and disbursements, as and when incurred, of investigating, preparing or defending any action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether or not in connection with proceedings or litigation in which Engagement Personnel are a party), directly or indirectly, caused by, relating to, based upon, arising out of or in connection with the engagement of Traverse or the Engagement Personnel by the Company or any services rendered pursuant to such engagement,  provided ,  however , that the Company shall not be responsible for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any Indemnified Party to the extent they are caused by the Indemnified Parties  bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence.                                The Company agrees that Traverse and the Engagement Personnel engaged in this matter will not be liable to the Company for any claims, liabilities, or expenses relating to this engagement in excess of the fees paid by them to the Engagement Personnel pursuant to this engagement, unless there is a final non-appealable order of a Court of competent jurisdiction, at the trial level, finding Traverse or the Engagement Personnel directly liable for gross negligence or willful misconduct.      The limitation on liability and indemnification contained in this engagement letter shall survive the completion or termination of this engagement.                      11.    The Company, Traverse and the Engagement Personnel hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submits for themselves and their property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Engagement Agreement, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the Courts of the State of Delaware.                         12.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Traverse LLC and the Engagement Personnel shall have the right to disclose its retention by the Company or the successful completion of its services hereunder in internal marketing materials only.                         13.    This Engagement Agreement shall remain in force (the   Engagement Term  ) for a period of six (6) months from the date of signing this Engagement Agreement, unless otherwise extended by agreement of the Company and Traverse. During the Engagement Term, the Engagement Agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other.                 I look forward to working with you on this important matter. Please return a copy of this engagement letter, signed in the space provided to signify your agreement with the terms and provisions herein. If you have any questions, please call Albert Altro at (310) 809-5064.                  Very truly yours,                      By:   /s/ Albert Altro                 Albert Altro             Traverse LLC                  Agreed by:                   Company                     By:   /s/ Lisa Berman            Lisa Berman          Chief Executive Officer                     

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pkay_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pkay_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1         CERTIFICATIONS      I, Lisa Berman, certify that:              1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Peekay Boutiques, Inc.;                  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                       b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;               c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                       d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                       a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                       b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                     Date: November 14, 2016   By:    /s/ Lisa Berman             Lisa Berman            Chief Executive Officer   (Principal Executive Officer)             

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pkay_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pkay_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATIONS      I, Janet Mathews, certify that:              1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Peekay Boutiques, Inc.;                  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                    a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                       b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;               c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                       d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                       a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                       b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: November 14, 2016  By:   /s/ Janet Mathews                 Janet Mathews             Chief Financial Officer              (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)                

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pkay_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pkay_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      Each of the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of PEEKAY BOUTIQUES, INC. (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that:     1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this statement this 14th day of November, 2016.              By:    /s/ Lisa Berman          Name:    Lisa Berman         Title:    Chief Executive Officer             (Principal Executive Officer)                       By:    /s/ Janet Mathews          Name:   Janet Mathews         Title:    Chief Financial Officer             (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)            A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Peekay Boutiques, Inc. and will be retained by Peekay Boutiques, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.     The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.      

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pkay-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pkay-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pkay-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pkay-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pkay-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pkay-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

