<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_910073_0001193125-16-764313_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11776218</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>282341</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>603693</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2267035</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5434329</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2559917</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>96</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764313.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764313
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910073
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				061377322
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31565
		FILM NUMBER:		161984197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		615 MERRICK AVE
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7183596400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		615 MERRICK AVE
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUEENS COUNTY BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930802

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764313.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d247621d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
        FORM 10-Q         
       QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
   FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  Commission File Number 1-31565        
       NEW YORK
COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  06-1377322   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    615 Merrick Avenue, Westbury, New York 11590   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (516) 683-4100   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes             No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes             No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes             No        487,057,042 
   Number of shares of common stock outstanding at  
 November 3, 2016      

Table of Contents  

   NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
  FORM 10-Q       Quarter
Ended September 30, 2016        

INDEX   

Page No.  

Part I.  
   
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
   
    Financial Statements   

Consolidated Statements of Condition as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
 31, 2015   

1 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

2 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   

5 

Item 2.  
   
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations    

41 

Item 3.  
   
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk    

85 

Item 4.  
   
     Controls and Procedures    

85 

Part II.  
   
     OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
   
     Legal Proceedings    

86 

Item 1A.  
   
     Risk Factors    

86 

Item 2.  
   
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds    

86 

Item 3.  
   
     Defaults upon Senior Securities    

87 

Item 4.  
   
     Mine Safety Disclosures    

87 

Item 5.  
   
     Other Information    

87 

Item 6.  
   
     Exhibits    

87 

Signatures     

88 

Exhibits   

Table of Contents  

   NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION   
 (in thousands, except share data)      
   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
 (in thousands, except per share data)  
 (unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
 (in thousands, except share data)  
 (unaudited)      

(1) 
 See Note 14,  Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements  for a discussion of the Company s adoption of ASU No. 2016-09.    
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 (in thousands)    (unaudited)  

(1) 
 See Note 14,  Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements  for a discussion of the Company s adoption of ASU No. 2016-09.    
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   Note 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation    
   Organization      Formerly known as
Queens County Bancorp, Inc., New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (on a stand-alone basis, the  Parent Company  or, collectively with its subsidiaries, the  Company ) was organized under Delaware law on July 20, 1993 and is the
holding company for New York Community Bank and New York Commercial Bank (hereinafter referred to as the  Community Bank  and the  Commercial Bank,  respectively, and collectively as the  Banks ). In addition, for the
purpose of these Consolidated Financial Statements, the  Community Bank  and the  Commercial Bank  refer not only to the respective banks but also to their respective subsidiaries.  
 The Community Bank is the primary banking subsidiary of the Company. Founded on April 14, 1859 and formerly known as Queens County
Savings Bank, the Community Bank converted from a state-chartered mutual savings bank to the capital stock form of ownership on November 23, 1993, at which date the Company issued its initial offering of common stock (par value: $0.01 per
share) at a price of $25.00 per share ($0.93 per share on a split-adjusted basis, reflecting the impact of nine stock splits between 1994 and 2004). The Commercial Bank was established on December 30, 2005.  
 Reflecting its growth through acquisitions, the Community Bank currently operates 225 branches, two of which operate directly under the
Community Bank name. The remaining 223 Community Bank branches operate through seven divisional banks: Queens County Savings Bank, Roslyn Savings Bank, Richmond County Savings Bank, and Roosevelt Savings Bank in New York; Garden State Community Bank
in New Jersey; AmTrust Bank in Florida and Arizona; and Ohio Savings Bank in Ohio.    The Commercial Bank currently operates 30
branches in Manhattan, Queens, Brooklyn, Westchester County, and Long Island (all in New York), including 18 branches that operate under the name  Atlantic Bank.   
 On September 17, 2015, the Company submitted an application to the FDIC and the New York State Department of Financial Services
( NYSDFS ) requesting approval to merge the Commercial Bank with and into the Community Bank. The merger was approved by the NYSDFS on September 16, 2016 and is currently pending the approval of the FDIC. The merger of the
Company s two bank subsidiaries is not expected to impact either bank s customers or employees.    On October 29, 2015, the
Company announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement with Astoria Financial Corporation ( Astoria Financial ). The merger was approved by shareholders of both companies on April 26, 2016. Under the merger agreement, either the
Company or Astoria Financial may terminate the merger agreement, without penalty, if the merger has not occurred by December 31, 2016. Based on discussions with its regulators, the Company does not expect to receive the regulatory approvals required
to consummate the Astoria transaction by that date. Astoria Financial and the Company remain committed to the transaction, but any extension of the end date or other modification under the merger agreement is subject to the discretionary approval of
the Board of Directors of each company, and there can be no assurance that each Board of Directors will agree to any such extension or other modification.  
   Basis of Presentation      The
following is a description of the significant accounting and reporting policies that the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries follow in preparing and presenting their consolidated financial statements, which conform to U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) and to general practices within the banking industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates that are particularly
susceptible to change in the near term are used in connection with the determination of the allowances for loan losses; the valuation of mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs  the evaluation of goodwill for impairment; the evaluation of
other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) on securities; and the evaluation of the need for a valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets.  
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and other entities in which the Company has a
controlling financial interest. All inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The Company currently has certain unconsolidated subsidiaries in the form of wholly-owned statutory business trusts, which were formed to
issue guaranteed capital debentures ( capital securities ). Please see Note 7,  Borrowed Funds,  for additional information regarding these trusts.  
 When necessary, certain reclassifications are made to prior-year amounts to conform to the current-year presentation. The presentation of
long-term borrowings and Federal Home Loan Bank stock in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 are presented on a gross basis to conform to the presentation for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

    Note 2. Computation of Earnings per Share    
 Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted EPS is computed using the same method as basic EPS, however, the computation would reflect any potential dilution that would occur if outstanding in-the-money stock options were exercised and converted into common stock.
   Unvested stock-based compensation awards containing non-forfeitable rights to dividends are considered participating securities, and
therefore are included in the two-class method for calculating EPS. Under the two-class method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to common shares and participating securities based on their respective rights to receive
dividends. The Company grants restricted stock to certain employees under its stock-based compensation plans. Recipients receive cash dividends during the vesting periods of these awards, including on the unvested portion of such awards. Since these
dividends are non-forfeitable, the unvested awards are considered participating securities and therefore have earnings allocated to them.  
 The following table presents the Company s computation of basic and diluted EPS for the periods indicated:  

Note 3. Reclassifications Out of
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss        

(in thousands)   
    
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
 
   Details about 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  
    
 Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  (1)  

Affected Line Item in the 
 Consolidated Statement of Income 
 and Comprehensive Income   

Amortization of defined benefit pension plan items:  

Prior-service costs  
    
 $ 
 187 

Included in the computation of net periodic (credit) expense  (2)    
 
   Actuarial losses  

(7,031 
 )  
    
   Included in the computation of net periodic (credit) expense  (2)    

(6,844 
 )  
    
 Total before tax  

2,837 

Tax benefit  

(4,007 
 )  
    
   Amortization of defined benefit pension plan items, net of tax   

Total reclassifications for the period  
    
 $ 
 (4,007 
 )  

(1) 
 Amounts in parentheses indicate expense items.    

(2) 
 Please see Note 9,  Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits,  for additional information.    
      6  

Table of Contents  

    Note 4. Securities    
 The following tables summarize the Company s portfolio of securities available for sale at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015:      

(1) 
 Government-sponsored enterprise.    

(2) 
 Primarily consists of mutual funds that are Community Reinvestment Act-qualified investments.        
   The following tables summarize the Company s portfolio of securities held to maturity at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1) 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations.    

(2) 
 Held-to-maturity securities are reported at a carrying amount equal to amortized cost less the non-credit portion of OTTI recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ( AOCL ). At September 30, 2016,
the non-credit portion of OTTI recorded in AOCL was $8.6 million, pre-tax.    
      7  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Held-to-maturity securities are reported at a carrying amount equal to amortized cost less the non-credit portion of OTTI recorded in AOCL. At December 31, 2015, the non-credit portion of OTTI recorded in AOCL was
$8.7 million, pre-tax.      At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the Company had $586.4 million
and $664.0 million of Federal Home Loan Bank of New York ( FHLB-NY ) stock, at cost. In order to have access to the funding provided by the FHLB-NY, the Company is required to maintain an investment in FHLB-NY stock.  
 The following table summarizes the gross proceeds and gross realized gains from the sale of available-for-sale securities during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold held-to-maturity
securities with gross proceeds of $19.7 million and gross realized gains of $543,000, all of which were securities on which the Company had collected a substantial portion (at least 85%) of the initial principal balance. No comparable sales occurred
in the first nine months of 2016.    In the following table, the beginning balance represents the credit loss component for debt securities
on which OTTI occurred prior to January 1, 2016. For credit-impaired debt securities, OTTI recognized in earnings after that date is presented as an addition in two components, based upon whether the current period is the first time a debt
security was credit-impaired (initial credit impairment) or is not the first time a debt security was credit-impaired (subsequent credit impairment).      

(in thousands)   
    
  For the   Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016  

Beginning credit loss amount as of January 1, 2016  
    
 $ 
 198,766 

Add:  
   
   Initial other-than-temporary credit losses  

Subsequent other-than-temporary credit losses  

Amount previously recognized in AOCL  

Less:  
   
   Realized losses for securities sold  

Securities intended or required to be sold  

Increase in cash flows on debt securities  

135 

Ending credit loss amount as of September 30, 2016  
    
 $ 
 198,631 

8  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of held-to-maturity
mortgage-backed securities and debt securities, and the amortized costs and estimated fair values of available-for-sale securities, at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity.  

(1) 
 Not presented on a tax-equivalent basis.    

(2) 
 Includes corporate bonds and capital trust notes.    

(3) 
 As equity securities have no contractual maturity, they have been excluded from this table.    
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities having a
continuous unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and for twelve months or longer as of September 30, 2016:      
   The following table presents held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities having a continuous unrealized
loss position for less than twelve months and for twelve months or longer as of December 31, 2015:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

  An OTTI loss on impaired securities must be fully recognized in earnings if an investor has the
intent to sell the debt security, or if it is more likely than not that the investor will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost. However, even if an investor does not expect to sell a debt security, it must
evaluate the expected cash flows to be received and determine if a credit loss has occurred. In the event that a credit loss occurs, only the amount of impairment associated with the credit loss is recognized in earnings. Amounts of impairment
relating to factors other than credit losses are recorded in AOCL.    At September 30, 2016, the Company had unrealized losses on
certain capital trust notes and equity securities.    The Company reviews quarterly financial information related to its investments in
capital trust notes, as well as other information that is released by each of the issuers of such notes, to determine their continued creditworthiness. The Company continues to monitor these investments and currently estimates that the present value
of expected cash flows is not less than the amortized cost of the securities. It is possible that these securities will perform worse than is currently expected, which could lead to adverse changes in cash flows from these securities and potential
OTTI losses in the future. Future events that could trigger material unrecoverable declines in the fair values of the Company s investments, and thus result in potential OTTI losses, include, but are not limited to: government intervention;
deteriorating asset quality and credit metrics; significantly higher levels of default and loan loss provisions; losses in value on the underlying collateral; net operating losses; and illiquidity in the financial markets.  
 The Company considers a decline in the fair value of equity securities to be other than temporary if the Company does not expect to recover
the entire amortized cost basis of the security. The unrealized losses on the Company s equity securities at September 30, 2016 were caused by market volatility. The Company evaluated the near-term prospects of recovering the fair value of
these securities, together with the severity and duration of impairment to date, and determined that they were not other than temporarily impaired. Nonetheless, it is possible that these equity securities will perform worse than is currently
expected, which could lead to adverse changes in their fair value, or to the failure of the securities to fully recover in value as currently anticipated by management. Either event could cause the Company to record an OTTI loss in a future
period. Events that could trigger a material decline in the fair value of these securities include, but are not limited to, deterioration in the equity markets; a decline in the quality of the loan portfolio of the issuer in which the Company has
invested; and the recording of higher loan loss provisions and net operating losses by such issuer.    The investment securities designated
as having a continuous loss position for twelve months or more at September 30, 2016 consisted of five capital trust notes. At December 31, 2015, the investment securities designated as having a continuous loss position for twelve months
or more consisted of seven agency debt securities, five capital trust notes, and two agency mortgage-backed securities. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the combined market value of the respective securities represented
unrealized losses of $16.5 million and $24.9 million. At September 30, 2016, the fair value of securities having a continuous loss position for twelve months or more was 37.8% below the collective amortized cost of $43.7 million. At December
31, 2015, the fair value of such securities was 2.0% below the collective amortized cost of $1.2 billion.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

    Note 5: Loans    
 The following table sets forth the composition of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Non-Covered Loans       Non-Covered Loans Held for
Investment     The majority of the loans the Company originates for investment are multi-family loans, most of which are collateralized by
non-luxury apartment buildings in New York City that are rent-regulated and feature below-market rents. In addition, the Company originates commercial real estate ( CRE ) loans, most of which are collateralized by income-producing
properties such as office buildings, retail centers, mixed-use buildings, and multi-tenanted light industrial properties that are located in New York City and on Long Island.  
 The Company also originates acquisition, development, and construction ( ADC ) loans, and commercial and industrial
( C I ) loans, for investment. ADC loans are primarily originated for multi-family and residential tract projects in New York City and on Long Island. C I loans consist of asset-based loans, equipment loans and leases, and dealer
floor-plan loans (together,  specialty finance loans and leases ) that generally are made to large corporate obligors, many of which are publicly traded, carry investment grade or near-investment grade ratings, and participate in stable
industries nationwide; and  other  C I loans that primarily are made to small and mid-size businesses in Metro New York.  Other  C I loans are typically made for working capital, business expansion, and the purchase of
machinery and equipment.    The repayment of multi-family and CRE loans generally depends on the income produced by the underlying
properties which, in turn, depends on their successful operation and management. To mitigate the potential for credit losses, the Company underwrites its loans in accordance with credit standards it considers to be prudent, looking first at the
consistency of the cash flows being produced by the underlying property. In addition, multi-family buildings and CRE properties are inspected as a prerequisite to approval, and independent appraisers, whose appraisals are carefully reviewed by the
Company s in-house appraisers, perform appraisals on the collateral properties. In many cases, a second independent appraisal review is performed. To further manage its credit risk, the Company s lending policies limit the amount of credit
granted to any one borrower and typically require conservative debt service coverage ratios and loan-to-value ratios. Nonetheless, the ability of the Company s borrowers to repay these loans may be impacted by adverse conditions in the local
real estate market and the local economy. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that its underwriting policies will protect the Company from credit-related losses or delinquencies.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  ADC loans typically involve a higher degree of credit risk than loans secured by improved or
owner-occupied real estate. Accordingly, borrowers are required to provide a guarantee of repayment and completion, and loan proceeds are disbursed as construction progresses, as certified by in-house or third-party engineers. The Company seeks to
minimize the credit risk on ADC loans by maintaining conservative lending policies and rigorous underwriting standards. However, if the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, the cost of completion is greater than expected, or the length of time
to complete and/or sell or lease the collateral property is greater than anticipated, the property could have a value upon completion that is insufficient to assure full repayment of the loan. This could have a material adverse effect on the quality
of the ADC loan portfolio, and could result in losses or delinquencies.    To minimize the risk involved in specialty finance lending and
leasing, the Company participates in syndicated loans that are brought to it, and equipment loans and leases that are assigned to it, by a select group of nationally recognized sources who have had long-term relationships with its experienced
lending officers. Each of these credits is secured with a perfected first security interest or outright ownership in the underlying collateral, and structured as senior debt or as a non-cancelable lease. To further minimize the risk involved in
specialty finance lending and leasing, each transaction is re-underwritten. In addition, outside counsel is retained to conduct a further review of the underlying documentation.  
 To minimize the risks involved in other C I lending, the Company underwrites such loans on the basis of the cash flows produced by the
business; requires that such loans be collateralized by various business assets, including inventory, equipment, and accounts receivable, among others; and requires personal guarantees. However, the capacity of a borrower to repay such a C I
loan is substantially dependent on the degree to which the business is successful. In addition, the collateral underlying such loans may depreciate over time, may not be conducive to appraisal, or may fluctuate in value, based upon the results of
operations of the business.    Included in non-covered loans held for investment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, were loans of $92.3 million and $105.6 million to officers, directors, and their related interests and parties. There were no loans to principal shareholders at either of those dates.  
 Non-covered purchased credit-impaired ( PCI ) loans, which had a carrying value of $5.9 million and an unpaid principal balance of
$7.3 million at September 30, 2016, are loans that had been covered under an FDIC loss sharing agreement that expired in March 2015 and that now are included in non-covered loans. Such loans continue to be accounted for under Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 310-30 and are initially measured at fair value, which includes estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the lives of the loans. Under ASC 310-30, purchasers are permitted to aggregate
acquired loans into one or more pools, provided that the loans have common risk characteristics. A pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows.  
  Loans Held for Sale     The Community
Bank s mortgage banking division originates, aggregates, and services one-to-four family loans. Community banks, credit unions, mortgage companies, and mortgage brokers use its proprietary web-accessible mortgage banking platform to originate
and close one-to-four family loans throughout the U.S. These loans are generally sold to GSEs, servicing retained. To a much lesser extent, the Community Bank uses its mortgage banking platform to originate jumbo loans that are typically sold to
other financial institutions. Such loans have not represented, nor are they expected to represent, a material portion of the held-for-sale loans originated by the Community Bank.  
 In addition, the Community Bank services mortgage loans for various third parties, primarily including GSEs.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

   Asset Quality   
 The following table presents information regarding the quality of the Company s non-covered loans held for investment (excluding
non-covered PCI loans) at September 30, 2016:      

(2) 
 Includes lease financing receivables, all of which were current.      The following table presents
information regarding the quality of the Company s non-covered loans held for investment at December 31, 2015:      

(2) 
 Includes lease financing receivables, all of which were current.      The following table
summarizes the Company s portfolio of non-covered loans held for investment (excluding non-covered PCI loans) by credit quality indicator at September 30, 2016:      

(1) 
 Includes lease financing receivables, all of which were classified as  pass.     
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the Company s portfolio of non-covered loans held for
investment by credit quality indicator at December 31, 2015:      

(1) 
 Includes lease financing receivables, all of which were classified as  pass.       The
preceding classifications are the most current ones available and generally have been updated within the last twelve months. In addition, they follow regulatory guidelines and can generally be described as follows: pass loans are of satisfactory
quality; special mention loans have a potential weakness or risk that may result in the deterioration of future repayment; substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral
pledged (these loans have a well-defined weakness and there is a distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss); and doubtful loans, based on existing circumstances, have weaknesses that make collection or liquidation in full highly
questionable and improbable. In addition, one-to-four family loans are classified based on the duration of the delinquency.     Troubled Debt
Restructurings     The Company is required to account for certain held-for-investment loan modifications and restructurings as troubled
debt restructurings ( TDRs ). In general, a modification or restructuring of a loan constitutes a TDR if the Company grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. A loan modified as a TDR generally is placed on
non-accrual status until the Company determines that future collection of principal and interest is reasonably assured, which requires, among other things, that the borrower demonstrate performance according to the restructured terms for a period of
at least six consecutive months.    In an effort to proactively manage delinquent loans, the Company has selectively extended to certain
borrowers concessions such as rate reductions, extension of maturity dates, and forbearance agreements. As of September 30, 2016, loans on which concessions were made with respect to rate reductions and/or extension of maturity dates amounted
to $16.6 million; loans on which forbearance agreements were reached amounted to $2.8 million.    The following table presents information
regarding the Company s TDRs as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   The eligibility of a borrower for work-out concessions of any nature depends upon the facts and circumstances
of each transaction, which may change from period to period, and involves judgment by Company personnel regarding the likelihood that the concession will result in the maximum recovery for the Company.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The financial effects of the Company s TDRs for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015 are summarized as follows:      
   The Company does not consider a payment to be in default when the loan is in forbearance, or otherwise granted
a delay of payment, when the agreement to forebear or allow a delay of payment is part of a modification. Subsequent to the modification, the loan is not considered to be in default until payment is contractually past due in accordance with the
modified terms. However, the Company does consider a loan with multiple modifications or forbearance periods to be in default, and would also consider a loan to be in default if it were in bankruptcy or were partially charged off subsequent to
modification.      Covered Loans    
 The following table presents the carrying value of covered loans acquired in the AmTrust and Desert Hills acquisitions as of September 30,
2016:      
   The Company refers to certain loans acquired in the AmTrust and Desert Hills transactions as  covered
loans  because the Company is being reimbursed for a substantial portion of losses on these loans under the terms of the FDIC loss sharing agreements. Covered loans are accounted for under ASC 310-30 and are initially measured at fair value,
which includes estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the lives of the loans. Under ASC 310-30, purchasers are permitted to aggregate acquired loans into one or more pools, provided that the loans have common risk
characteristics. A pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows.  
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the unpaid principal balance of covered loans was $2.2 billion and $2.5 billion,
respectively. The carrying value of such loans was $1.8 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively, at the corresponding dates.    At the
respective acquisition dates, the Company estimated the fair values of the AmTrust and Desert Hills loan portfolios, which represented the expected cash flows from the portfolios, discounted at market-based rates. In estimating such fair values, the
Company: (a) calculated the contractual amount and timing of undiscounted principal and interest payments (the  undiscounted contractual cash flows  and (b) estimated the expected amount and timing of undiscounted principal and
interest payments (the  undiscounted expected cash flows ). The amount by which the undiscounted expected cash flows exceed the estimated fair value (the  accretable yield ) is accreted into interest income over the lives of the
loans. The amount by which the undiscounted contractual cash flows exceed the undiscounted expected cash flows is referred to as the  non-accretable difference.  The non-accretable difference represents an estimate of the credit risk in
the loan portfolios at the respective acquisition dates.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  The accretable yield is affected by changes in interest rate indices for variable rate loans,
changes in prepayment assumptions, and changes in expected principal and interest payments over the estimated lives of the loans. Changes in interest rate indices for variable rate loans increase or decrease the amount of interest income expected to
be collected, depending on the direction of interest rates. Prepayments affect the estimated lives of covered loans and could change the amount of interest income and principal expected to be collected. Changes in expected principal and interest
payments over the estimated lives of covered loans are driven by the credit outlook and by actions that may be taken with borrowers.    On a
quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the estimates of the cash flows it expects to collect. Expected future cash flows from interest payments are based on variable rates at the time of the quarterly evaluation. Estimates of expected cash flows
that are impacted by changes in interest rate indices for variable rate loans and prepayment assumptions are treated as prospective yield adjustments and included in interest income.  
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, changes in the accretable yield for covered loans were as follows:  
   
   In the preceding table, the line item  Reclassification to non-accretable difference  includes
changes in cash flows that the Company does not expect to collect due to changes in prepayment assumptions, changes in interest rates on variable rate loans, and changes in loss assumptions. As of the Company s most recent quarterly evaluation,
prepayment assumptions increased, which resulted in a decrease in future expected interest cash flows and, consequently, a decrease in the accretable yield. The effect of this decrease was partially offset by an improvement in the underlying credit
assumptions coupled with coupon rates on variable rate loans resetting slightly higher, which resulted in an increase in future expected interest cash flows and, consequently, an increase in the accretable yield.  
 Reflecting the foreclosure of certain loans acquired in the AmTrust and Desert Hills acquisitions, the Company owns certain other real estate
owned ( OREO ) that is covered under its loss sharing agreements with the FDIC ( covered OREO ). Covered OREO was initially recorded at its estimated fair value on the respective dates of acquisition, based on independent
appraisals, less the estimated selling costs. Any subsequent write-downs due to declines in fair value have been charged to non-interest expense, and have been partially offset by loss reimbursements under the FDIC loss sharing agreements. Any
recoveries of previous write-downs have been credited to non-interest expense and partially offset by the portion of the recovery that was due to the FDIC.  
 The FDIC loss share receivable represents the present value of the estimated losses to be reimbursed by the FDIC. The estimated losses were
based on the same cash flow estimates used in determining the fair value of the covered loans. The FDIC loss share receivable is reduced as losses on covered loans are recognized and as loss sharing payments are received from the FDIC. Realized
losses in excess of acquisition-date estimates result in an increase in the FDIC loss share receivable. Conversely, if realized losses are lower than the acquisition-date estimates, the FDIC loss share receivable is reduced by amortization to
interest income.    The following table presents information regarding the Company s covered loans that were 90 days or more past due
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents information regarding the Company s covered loans that were 30
to 89 days past due at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   At September 30, 2016, the Company had $26.4 million of covered loans that were 30 to 89 days past due,
and covered loans of $133.1 million that were 90 days or more past due but considered to be performing due to the application of the yield accretion method under ASC 310-30. The remainder of the Company s covered loan portfolio totaled $1.6
billion at September 30, 2016 and was considered current at that date.    Loans that may have been classified as non-performing loans
by AmTrust or Desert Hills were no longer classified as non-performing by the Company because, at the respective dates of acquisition, the Company believed that it would fully collect the new carrying value of these loans. The new carrying value
represents the contractual balance, reduced by the portion that is expected to be uncollectible (i.e., the non-accretable difference) and by an accretable yield (discount) that is recognized as interest income. It is important to note that
management s judgment is required in reclassifying loans subject to ASC 310-30 as performing loans, and such judgment is dependent on having a reasonable expectation about the timing and amount of the cash flows to be collected, even if the
loan is contractually past due.    The primary credit quality indicator for covered loans is the expectation of underlying cash flows. In
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded recoveries of losses on covered loans of $1.3 million and $8.5 million, respectively. The respective recoveries were largely due to an increase in expected cash flows in
the acquired portfolios of one-to-four family and home equity loans, and were partly offset by FDIC indemnification expense of $1.0 million and $6.8 million, respectively, that was recorded in  Non-interest income  in the respective
periods.    Similarly, the Company recovered losses on covered loans of $6.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
which was largely offset by FDIC indemnification expense of $4.8 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recovered $5.4 million of losses on covered loans, which was largely offset by FDIC indemnification expense
of $4.3 million. The FDIC indemnification expense recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was recorded in  Non-interest income  in the corresponding periods.  
   Note 6. Allowances for Loan Losses    
 The following tables provide additional information regarding the Company s allowances for losses on non-covered and covered loans, based
upon the method of evaluating loan impairment:      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables provide additional information regarding the methods used to evaluate the
Company s loan portfolio for impairment:      
     Allowance for Losses on Non-Covered Loans    
 The following table summarizes activity in the allowance for losses on non-covered loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015:      

(1) 
 Represents the allowance associated with $14.2 million of loans acquired in the Desert Hills transaction that were transferred from covered loans to non-covered loans upon expiration of the related FDIC loss sharing
agreement.      Please see  Critical Accounting Policies  for additional information regarding the Company s
allowance for losses on non-covered loans.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents additional information about the Company s impaired non-covered
loans at September 30, 2016:      
   The following table presents additional information about the Company s impaired non-covered loans at
December 31, 2015:      
   As indicated in the preceding tables, the Company had no impaired non-covered loans with an allowance recorded
at December 31, 2015.      Allowance for Losses on Covered Loans    
 Covered loans are reported exclusive of the FDIC loss share receivable. The covered loans acquired in the AmTrust Bank and Desert Hills Bank
acquisitions are, and will continue to be, reviewed for collectability based on the expectations of cash flows from these loans. Covered loans have been aggregated into pools of loans with common characteristics. In determining the allowance for
losses on covered loans, the Company periodically performs an analysis to estimate the expected cash flows for each of the pools of loans. The Company records a provision for (recovery of) losses on covered loans to the extent that the expected cash
flows from a loan pool have decreased or increased since the acquisition date.    Accordingly, if there is a decrease in expected cash flows
due to an increase in estimated credit losses (as compared to the estimates made at the respective acquisition dates), the decrease in the present value of expected cash flows is recorded as a provision for covered loan losses charged to earnings,
and the allowance for covered loan losses is increased. A related credit to non-interest income and an increase in the FDIC loss share receivable are recognized at the same time, and measured based on the applicable loss sharing agreement
percentage.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  If there is an increase in expected cash flows due to a decrease in estimated credit losses (as
compared to the estimates made at the respective acquisition dates), the increase in the present value of expected cash flows is recorded as a recovery of the prior-period impairment charged to earnings, and the allowance for covered loan losses is
reduced. A related debit to non-interest income and a decrease in the FDIC loss share receivable are recognized at the same time, and measured based on the applicable loss sharing agreement percentage.  
 The following table summarizes activity in the allowance for losses on covered loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015:      

(1) 
 Represents the allowance associated with $14.2 million of loans acquired in the Desert Hills Bank transaction that were transferred from covered loans to non-covered loans upon expiration of the related FDIC loss
sharing agreement.        Note 7. Borrowed Funds    
 The following table summarizes the Company s borrowed funds at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  
   
   The following table summarizes the Company s repurchase agreements accounted for as secured borrowings at
September 30, 2016:      

Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements  

(in thousands) 
    
 Overnight and Continuous 

Up to 30 Days 

30 90 Days 

Greater than 90 Days 

GSE debentures and mortgage-related securities  
    
 $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 
 1,500,000 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had $171.0 million in restricted cash which serves as collateral for
certain repurchase agreements. There was no restricted cash at December 31, 2015.    At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $358.8 million and $358.6 million, respectively, of outstanding junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures ( junior subordinated debentures ) held by statutory business trusts (the  Trusts ) that
issued guaranteed capital securities.    The Trusts are accounted for as unconsolidated subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. The proceeds
of each issuance were invested in a series of junior subordinated debentures of the Company and the underlying assets of each statutory business trust are the relevant debentures. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations
under each trust s capital securities to the extent set forth in a guarantee by the Company to each trust. The Trusts  capital securities are each subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment of the debentures at
their stated maturity or earlier redemption.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  The following junior subordinated debentures were outstanding at September 30, 2016:  

(1) 
 Callable subject to certain conditions as described in the prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on November 4, 2002.    

(2) 
 Callable from this date forward.        Note 8. Mortgage Servicing Rights    
 The Company records a separate servicing asset representing the right to service third-party loans. MSRs are initially recorded at their fair
value as a component of the sale proceeds. The fair values of the MSRs are based on an analysis of discounted cash flows that incorporates estimates of (1) market servicing costs, (2) market-based estimates of ancillary servicing revenue,
(3) market-based prepayment rates, and (4) market profit margins.    MSRs are subsequently measured at either fair value or
amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing income. The Company elects one of those methods on a class basis. A class is determined based on (1) the availability of market inputs used in determining the fair
value of servicing assets, and/or (2) the Company s method for managing the risks of servicing assets.    The Company had MSRs of
$197.2 million and $247.7 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Both period-end balances consisted of two classes of MSRs for which the Company separately managed the economic risk: residential MSRs and
participation MSRs (i.e., MSRs on loans sold through participations).    The total unpaid principal balance of loans serviced for others was
$25.0 billion and $24.2 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.    Residential MSRs are carried at fair
value, with changes in fair value recorded as a component of non-interest income in each period. The Company uses various derivative instruments to mitigate the income statement-effect of changes in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs and
assumptions regarding its residential MSRs. The effects of changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded as  Mortgage banking income,  which is included in  Non-interest income  in the Consolidated Statements of
Income and Comprehensive Income. MSRs do not trade in an active open market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, the Company utilizes a third-party valuation specialist to determine the fair value of its MSRs. This specialist determines fair
value based on the present value of estimated future net servicing income cash flows, and incorporates assumptions that market participants would use to estimate fair value, including estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rates, default rates,
refinance rates, servicing costs, escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, and ancillary income. The specialist and the Company evaluate, and periodically adjust, as necessary, these underlying inputs and assumptions to reflect
market conditions and changes in the assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing MSRs.    The value of residential MSRs
at any given time is significantly affected by the mortgage interest rates that are then available in the marketplace; these, in turn, influence mortgage loan prepayment speeds. The rate of prepayment of residential loans serviced is the most
significant estimate involved in the measurement process. Actual prepayment rates may differ from those projected by management due to changes in a variety of economic factors, including prevailing interest rates and the availability of alternative
financing sources to borrowers.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  During periods of declining interest rates, the value of residential MSRs generally declines as
an increase in mortgage refinancing activity results in an increase in prepayments and a decrease in the carrying value of residential MSRs through a charge to earnings in the current period. Conversely, during periods of rising interest rates, the
value of residential MSRs generally increases as mortgage refinancing activity declines and actual prepayments of the loans being serviced occur more slowly than expected. This results in the carrying value of residential MSRs and servicing
income being higher than previously anticipated. Accordingly, the residential MSRs actually realized could differ from the amounts initially recorded.  
 Participation MSRs are initially carried at fair value and are subsequently amortized and carried at the lower of their fair value or
amortized amount. The amortization is recorded in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing income, with impairment of those servicing assets evaluated through an assessment of their fair value via a discounted cash-flow method.
The net carrying value is compared to the discounted estimated future net cash flows to determine whether adjustments should be made to carrying values or amortization schedules. Impairment of participation MSRs is recognized through a valuation
allowance and a charge to current-period earnings if it is considered to be temporary or through a direct write-down of the asset and a charge to current-period earnings if it is considered other than temporary. The predominant risk characteristics
of the underlying loans that are used to stratify the participation MSRs for measurement purposes generally include the (1) loan origination date, (2) loan rate, (3) loan type and size, (4) loan maturity date, and
(5) geographic location. Changes in the carrying value of participation MSRs due to amortization or declines in fair value (i.e., impairment), if any, are reported in  Other income  in the period during which such changes occur. In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was no impairment related to the Company s participation MSRs.    The following
tables set forth the changes in the balances of residential MSRs and participation MSRs for the periods indicated:      

(1) 
 Represents changes in fair value driven by changes to the inputs to the valuation model related to assumed prepayment speeds.        

(1) 
 Represents changes in fair value driven by changes to the inputs to the valuation model related to assumed prepayment speeds.    
      23  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the key assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the
Company s residential MSRs at the dates indicated:      
     Note 9. Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits    
 The following tables set forth certain disclosures for the Company s pension and post-retirement plans for the periods indicated:  
   
   The Company expects to contribute $1.3 million to its post-retirement plan to pay premiums and claims for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. The Company does not expect to make any contributions to its pension plan in 2016.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

    Note 10. Stock-Based Compensation    
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had 9,617,660 shares available for grants as options, restricted stock, or other forms of related
rights under the New York Community Bancorp, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2012 Stock Incentive Plan ), which was approved by the Company s shareholders at its Annual Meeting on June 7, 2012. Included in this amount were
1,030,673 shares that were transferred from the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, which was approved by the Company s shareholders at its Annual Meeting on June 7, 2006 and reapproved at its Annual Meeting on June 2, 2011. The Company
granted 2,792,152 shares of restricted stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The shares had an average fair value of $15.20 per share on the date of grant and a vesting period of five years. The nine-month amount includes
99,500 shares that were granted in the third quarter with an average fair value of $14.76 per share on the date of grant. Compensation and benefits expense related to the restricted stock grants is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period, and totaled $24.6 million and $22.6 million, respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Included in the respective nine-month amounts were compensation and benefits expense related to the restricted
stock grants of $8.2 million and $8.0 million, respectively, for the three months ended at those dates.    The following table provides a
summary of activity with regard to restricted stock awards in the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   As of September 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation cost relating to unvested restricted stock totaled
$85.9 million. This amount will be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of 3.2 years.    The following table summarizes the
changes that occurred during the nine months ended at September 30, 2016 with regard to the Company s outstanding stock options:      
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

    Note 11. Fair Value Measurements    
 GAAP sets forth a definition of fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value, and requires disclosure for each major
asset and liability category measured at fair value on either a recurring or non-recurring basis. GAAP also clarifies that fair value is an  exit  price, representing the amount that would be received when selling an asset, or paid when
transferring a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value is thus a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a
basis for considering such assumptions, GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:      

Level 1   Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.    

Level 2   Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly,
for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.        

Level 3   Inputs to the valuation methodology are significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability.
     A financial instrument s categorization within this valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that
is significant to the fair value measurement.    The following tables present assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and that were included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition at those dates:      

(1) 
 Includes cash collateral received from, and paid to, counterparties.    

(2) 
 Includes $2.7 million to purchase Treasury options.    
      26  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Includes cash collateral received from, and paid to, counterparties.    

(2) 
 Includes $1.9 million to purchase Treasury options.      The Company reviews and updates the fair
value hierarchy classifications for its assets on a quarterly basis. Changes from one quarter to the next that are related to the observability of inputs for a fair value measurement may result in a reclassification from one hierarchy level to
another.    A description of the methods and significant assumptions utilized in estimating the fair values of available-for-sale securities
follows:    Where quoted prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.
Level 1 securities include highly liquid government securities, exchange-traded securities, and derivatives.    If quoted market prices are
not available for a specific security, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models. These pricing models primarily use market-based or independently sourced market parameters as inputs, including, but not limited to, yield curves,
interest rates, equity or debt prices, and credit spreads. In addition to observable market information, models incorporate transaction details such as maturity and cash flow assumptions. Securities valued in this manner would generally be
classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy, and primarily include such instruments as mortgage-related and corporate debt securities.  
 Periodically, the Company uses fair values supplied by independent pricing services to corroborate the fair values derived from the pricing
models. In addition, the Company reviews the fair values supplied by independent pricing services, as well as their underlying pricing methodologies, for reasonableness. The Company challenges pricing service valuations that appear to be unusual or
unexpected.    The Company carries loans held for sale originated by its mortgage banking operation at fair value. The fair value of loans
held for sale is primarily based on quoted market prices for securities backed by similar types of loans. Changes in the fair value of these assets are largely driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to loan funding, and changes in the fair
value of servicing associated with the mortgage loans held for sale. Loans held for sale are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.  
 MSRs do not trade in an active open market with readily observable prices. The Company bases the fair value of its MSRs on the present value
of estimated future net servicing income cash flows, utilizing a third-party valuation specialist. The specialist estimates future net servicing income cash flows with assumptions that market participants would use to estimate fair
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

value, including estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rates, default rates, refinance rates, servicing costs, escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, and ancillary income.
The Company periodically adjusts the underlying inputs and assumptions to reflect market conditions and assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing the MSR asset. MSR fair value measurements use significant unobservable inputs
and, accordingly, are classified within Level 3.    Exchange-traded derivatives that are valued using quoted prices are classified within
Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. The majority of the Company s derivative positions are valued using internally developed models that use readily observable market parameters as their basis. These are parameters that are actively quoted and
can be validated by external sources, including industry pricing services. Where the types of derivative products have been in existence for some time, the Company uses models that are widely accepted in the financial services industry. These models
reflect the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and market-based parameters such as interest rates, volatility, and the credit quality of the counterparty. Furthermore, many of these models do not contain a high
level of subjectivity, as the methodologies used in the models do not require significant judgment, and inputs to the models are readily observable from actively quoted markets, as is the case for  plain vanilla  interest rate swaps and
option contracts. Such instruments are generally classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. Derivatives that are valued based on models with significant unobservable market parameters, and that are normally traded less actively, have
trade activity that is one-way, and/or are traded in less-developed markets, are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.  
 The fair values of interest rate lock commitments ( IRLCs ) for residential mortgage loans that the Company intends to sell are
based on internally developed models. The key model inputs primarily include the sum of the value of the forward commitment based on the loans  expected settlement dates and the projected values of the MSRs, loan level price adjustment factors,
and historical IRLC closing ratios. The closing ratio is computed by the Company s mortgage banking operation and is periodically reviewed by management for reasonableness. Such derivatives are classified as Level 3.  
 While the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate, and consistent with those of other market participants, the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair values of certain financial instruments could result in different estimates of fair values at a reporting date.  
   Fair Value Option       Loans Held for Sale   
 The Company has elected the fair value option for its loans held for sale. The Company s loans held for sale consist of one-to-four family
mortgage loans, none of which was 90 days or more past due at September 30, 2016. Management believes that the mortgage banking business operates on a short-term cycle. Therefore, in order to reflect the most relevant valuations for the key
components of this business, and to reduce timing differences in amounts recognized in earnings, the Company has elected to record loans held for sale at fair value to match the recognition of IRLCs, MSRs, and derivatives, all of which are recorded
at fair value in earnings. Fair value is based on independent quoted market prices of mortgage-backed securities comprised of loans with similar features to those of the Company s loans held for sale, where available, and adjusted as necessary
for such items as servicing value, guaranty fee premiums, and credit spread adjustments.    The following table reflects the difference
between the fair value carrying amount of loans held for sale, for which the Company has elected the fair value option, and the unpaid principal balance:      
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Gains and Losses Included in Income for Assets Where the Fair Value Option Has Been Elected   
 The assets accounted for under the fair value option are initially measured at fair value. Gains and losses from the initial measurement and
subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.    The following table presents the changes in fair value related to initial
measurement, and the subsequent changes in fair value included in earnings, for loans held for sale and MSRs for the periods indicated:      

(1) 
 Does not include the effect of hedging activities, which is included in  Other non-interest income.     
 The Company has determined that there is no instrument-specific credit risk related to its loans held for sale, due to the short duration of
such assets.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements   
 The following tables present, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, a roll-forward of the balance sheet amounts
(including changes in fair value) for financial instruments classified in Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy:      
   The Company s policy is to recognize transfers in and out of Levels 1, 2, and 3 as of the end of the
reporting period. There were no transfers in or out of Levels 1, 2, or 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company transferred certain mutual funds to Level 2 from
Level 1 as a result of decreased observable market activity for these securities. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of the transfer of securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
      30  

Table of Contents  

  For Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
September 30, 2016, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows:      

(dollars in thousands)   
    
  Fair Value at Sept. 30, 2016  

Valuation Technique  
    
    Significant Unobservable Inputs   
    
  Significant   Unobservable   Input Value  

Mortgage servicing rights  
    
 $ 
 191,419 

Discounted Cash Flow 
    
   Weighted Average Constant Prepayment Rate
 (1)   

11.25 
 %   

Weighted Average Discount Rate  

10.02 

Interest rate lock commitments  

6,934 

Discounted Cash Flow 
    
   Weighted Average Closing Ratio  

79.86 

(1) 
 Represents annualized loan repayment rate assumptions.      The significant unobservable inputs
used in the fair value measurement of the Company s MSRs are the weighted average constant prepayment rate and the weighted average discount rate. Significant increases or decreases in either of those inputs in isolation could result in
significantly lower or higher fair value measurements. Although the constant prepayment rate and the discount rate are not directly interrelated, they generally move in opposite directions.  
 The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s IRLCs is the closing ratio, which represents the
percentage of loans currently in an interest rate lock position that management estimates will ultimately close. Generally, the fair value of an IRLC is positive if the prevailing interest rate is lower than the IRLC rate, and the fair value of an
IRLC is negative if the prevailing interest rate is higher than the IRLC rate. Therefore, an increase in the closing ratio (i.e., a higher percentage of loans estimated to close) will result in the fair value of the IRLC increasing if in a gain
position, or decreasing if in a loss position. The closing ratio is largely dependent on the stage of processing that a loan is currently in, and the change in prevailing interest rates from the time of the interest rate lock.  
  Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis   
 Certain assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Such instruments are subject to fair value adjustments under certain
circumstances (e.g., when there is evidence of impairment). The following tables present assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and that were
included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition at those dates:      

(1) 
 Represents the fair value of certain impaired loans, based on the value of the collateral.    

(2) 
 Represents the fair value of OREO, based on the appraised value of the collateral subsequent to its initial classification as OREO.    

(1) 
 Represents the fair value of certain impaired loans, based on the value of the collateral.    

(2) 
 Represents the fair value of OREO, based on the appraised value of the collateral subsequent to its initial classification as OREO.    
 The fair values of collateral-dependent impaired loans are determined using various valuation techniques, including consideration of appraised
values and other pertinent real estate market data.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Other Fair Value Disclosures    
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information about the Company s on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments. When
available, quoted market prices are used as the measure of fair value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on present-value estimates or other valuation techniques. Such fair values are significantly affected
by the assumptions used, the timing of future cash flows, and the discount rate.    Because assumptions are inherently subjective in nature,
estimated fair values cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent market quotes. Furthermore, in many cases, the estimated fair values provided would not necessarily be realized in an immediate sale or settlement of such instruments.  
 The following tables summarize the carrying values, estimated fair values, and fair value measurement levels of financial instruments that
were not carried at fair value on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1) 
 Carrying value and estimated fair value are at cost.    

(2) 
 NOW and money market accounts, savings accounts, and non-interest-bearing accounts.    

(3) 
 Certificates of deposit.        

(1) 
 Carrying value and estimated fair value are at cost.    

(2) 
 NOW and money market accounts, savings accounts, and non-interest-bearing accounts.    

(3) 
 Certificates of deposit.    
      32  

Table of Contents  

  The methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair values for the Company s
financial instruments follow:     Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from banks and fed funds sold. The estimated fair values of cash and cash equivalents are
assumed to equal their carrying values, as these financial instruments are either due on demand or have short-term maturities.     Securities   
 If quoted market prices are not available for a specific security, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of
securities with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flows. These pricing models primarily use market-based or independently sourced market parameters as inputs, including, but not limited to, yield curves, interest rates, equity or debt
prices, and credit spreads. In addition to observable market information, pricing models also incorporate transaction details such as maturities and cash flow assumptions.  
  Federal Home Loan Bank Stock     Ownership
in equity securities of the FHLB is restricted and there is no established market for their resale. The carrying amount approximates the fair value.  
  Loans     The loan portfolio is segregated
into various components for valuation purposes in order to group loans based on their significant financial characteristics, such as loan type (mortgage or other) and payment status (performing or non-performing). The estimated fair values of
mortgage and other loans are computed by discounting the anticipated cash flows from the respective portfolios. The discount rates reflect current market rates for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The estimated fair
values of non-performing mortgage and other loans are based on recent collateral appraisals.    The methods used to estimate the fair values
of loans are extremely sensitive to the assumptions and estimates used. While management has attempted to use assumptions and estimates that best reflect the Company s loan portfolio and current market conditions, a greater degree of
subjectivity is inherent in these values than in those determined in active markets. Accordingly, readers are cautioned in using this information for purposes of evaluating the financial condition and/or value of the Company in and of itself or in
comparison with that of any other company.     Mortgage Servicing Rights   
 MSRs do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, the Company bases the fair value of its MSRs on a valuation
performed by a third-party valuation specialist. This specialist determines fair value based on the present value of estimated future net servicing income cash flows, and incorporates assumptions that market participants would use to estimate fair
value, including estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rates, default rates, refinance rates, servicing costs, escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, and ancillary income. The specialist and the Company evaluate, and
periodically adjust, as necessary, these underlying inputs and assumptions to reflect market conditions and changes in the assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing MSRs.  
  Derivative Financial Instruments     For
exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded options, fair value is based on observable quoted market prices in an active market. For forward commitments to buy and sell loans and mortgage-backed securities, fair value is based on observable market
prices for similar loans and securities in an active market. The fair value of IRLCs for one-to-four family mortgage loans that the Company intends to sell is based on internally developed models. The key model inputs primarily include the sum of
the value of the forward commitment based on the loans  expected settlement dates, the value of MSRs arrived at by an independent MSR broker, government agency price adjustment factors, and historical IRLC fall-out factors.  
  Deposits     The fair values of deposit
liabilities with no stated maturity (i.e., NOW and money market accounts, savings accounts, and non-interest-bearing accounts) are equal to the carrying amounts payable on demand. The fair values of certificates of deposit ( CDs )
represent contractual cash flows, discounted using interest rates currently offered on deposits with similar characteristics and remaining maturities. These estimated fair values do not include the intangible value of core deposit relationships,
which comprise a significant portion of the Company s deposit base.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Borrowed Funds   
 The estimated fair value of borrowed funds is based either on bid quotations received from securities dealers or the discounted value of
contractual cash flows with interest rates currently in effect for borrowed funds with similar maturities and structures.     Off-Balance Sheet Financial
Instruments     The fair values of commitments to extend credit and unadvanced lines of credit are estimated based on an analysis of the
interest rates and fees currently charged to enter into similar transactions, considering the remaining terms of the commitments and the creditworthiness of the potential borrowers. The estimated fair values of such off-balance sheet financial
instruments were insignificant at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      Note 12. Derivative Financial Instruments    
 The Company s derivative financial instruments consist of financial forward and futures contracts, interest rate swaps, IRLCs, and
options. These derivatives relate to mortgage banking operations, residential MSRs, and other risk management activities, and seek to mitigate or reduce the Company s exposure to losses from adverse changes in interest rates. These activities
will vary in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates, other changing market conditions, and the types of assets held.  
 In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, the Company takes into account the impact of collateral and master netting agreements
that allow it to settle all derivative contracts held with a single counterparty on a net basis, and to offset the net derivative position with the related collateral when recognizing derivative assets and liabilities. As a result, the
Company s Statements of Financial Condition could reflect derivative contracts with negative fair values that are included in derivative assets, and contracts with positive fair values that are included in derivative liabilities.  
 The Company held derivatives with a notional amount of $3.7 billion at September 30, 2016. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives
are reflected in current-period earnings. None of these derivatives are designated as hedges for accounting purposes.    The Company uses
various financial instruments, including derivatives, in connection with its strategies to reduce pricing risk resulting from changes in interest rates. Derivative instruments may include IRLCs entered into with borrowers or correspondents/brokers
to acquire agency-conforming fixed and adjustable rate residential mortgage loans that will be held for sale, as well as Treasury options and Eurodollar futures.  
 The Company enters into forward contracts to sell fixed rate mortgage-backed securities to protect against changes in the prices of
agency-conforming fixed rate loans held for sale. Forward contracts are entered into with securities dealers in an amount related to the portion of IRLCs that is expected to close. The value of these forward sales contracts moves inversely with the
value of the loans in response to changes in interest rates.    To manage the price risk associated with fixed-rate non-conforming mortgage
loans, the Company generally enters into forward contracts on mortgage-backed securities or forward commitments to sell loans to approved investors. Short positions in Eurodollar futures contracts are used to manage price risk on adjustable rate
mortgage loans held for sale.    The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value of its residential MSRs. The Company also
purchases put and call options to manage the risk associated with variations in the amount of IRLCs that ultimately close.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s derivative financial
instruments at September 30, 2016:      

(1) 
 Derivatives in a net gain position are recorded as  Other assets  and derivatives in a net loss position are recorded as  Other liabilities  in the Consolidated Statements of Condition.
     In addition, the Company mitigates a portion of the risk associated with changes in the value of its residential MSRs. The
general strategy for mitigating this risk is to purchase derivative instruments, the value of which changes in the opposite direction of interest rates. This action partially offsets changes in the value of its servicing assets, which tends to move
in the same direction as interest rates. Accordingly, the Company purchases Eurodollar futures and call options on Treasury securities, and enters into forward contracts to purchase mortgage-backed securities.  
 The following table sets forth the effect of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the
periods indicated:      
   The Company has in place an enforceable master netting arrangement with every counterparty. All master netting
arrangements include rights to offset associated with the Company s recognized derivative assets, derivative liabilities, and the cash collateral received and pledged. Accordingly, the Company, where appropriate, offsets all derivative asset
and liability positions with the cash collateral received and pledged.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present the effect of the master netting arrangements on the presentation of
the derivative assets in the Consolidated Statements of Condition as of the dates indicated:      

September 30, 2016  

(in thousands) 
    
 Gross Amount of Recognized Assets  (1)  

Gross Amount Offset in the Statement of Condition 

Net Amount of Assets Presented in the Statement of Condition 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Statement of Condition 

Net Amount 

Financial Instruments 

Cash Collateral Received 

Derivatives  
    
 $ 
 14,467 

$ 
 2,864 

$ 
 11,603 

$ 

$ 

$ 
 11,603 

(1) 
 Includes $2.7 million to purchase Treasury options.        

December 31, 2015  

(in thousands) 
    
 Gross Amount of Recognized Assets  (1)  

Gross Amount Offset in the Statement of Condition 

Net Amount of Assets Presented in the Statement of Condition 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Statement of Condition 

Net Amount 

Financial Instruments 

Cash Collateral Received 

Derivatives  
    
 $ 
 5,743 

$ 
 1,024 

$ 
 4,719 

$ 

$ 

$ 
 4,719 

(1) 
 Includes $1.9 million to purchase Treasury options.      The following tables present the effect
the master netting arrangements had on the presentation of the derivative liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Condition as of the dates indicated:      

September 30, 2016  

(in thousands) 
    
 Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities 

Gross Amount Offset in the Statement of Condition 

Net Amount of Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Condition 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Statement of Condition 

Net Amount 

Financial Instruments 

Cash Collateral Pledged 

Derivatives  
    
 $ 
 5,599 

$ 
 5,386 

$ 
 213 

$ 

$ 

$ 
 213 

December 31, 2015  

(in thousands) 
    
 Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities 

Gross Amount Offset in the Statement of Condition 

Net Amount of Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Condition 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Statement of Condition 

Net Amount 

Financial Instruments 

Cash Collateral Pledged 

Derivatives  
    
 $ 
 4,322 

$ 
 3,986 

$ 
 336 

$ 

$ 

$ 
 336 
     
     Note 13. Segment Reporting    
 The Company s operations are divided into two reportable business segments: Banking Operations and Residential Mortgage Banking. These
operating segments have been identified based on the Company s organizational structure. The segments require unique technology and marketing strategies, and offer different products and services. While the Company is managed as an integrated
organization, individual executive managers are held accountable for the operations of these business segments.    The Company measures and
presents information for internal reporting purposes in a variety of ways. The internal reporting system presently used by management in the planning and measurement of operating activities, and to which most managers are held accountable, is based
on organizational structure.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  The management accounting process uses various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure
the performance of the operating segments. To determine financial performance for each segment, the Company allocates capital, funding charges and credits, certain non-interest expenses, and income tax provisions to each segment, as applicable.
Allocation methodologies are subject to periodic adjustment as the internal management accounting system is revised and/or as business or product lines within the segments change. In addition, because the development and application of these
methodologies is a dynamic process, the financial results presented may be periodically revised.    The Company seeks to maximize
shareholder value by, among other means, optimizing the return on stockholders  equity and managing risk. Capital is assigned to each segment, the combination of which is equivalent to the Company s consolidated total, on an economic
basis, using management s assessment of the inherent risks associated with the segment. Capital allocations are made to cover the following risk categories: credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, option risk, basis risk, market risk,
and operational risk.    The Company allocates expenses to the reportable segments based on various factors, including the volume and number
of loans produced and the number of full-time equivalent employees. Income taxes are allocated to the various segments based on taxable income and statutory rates applicable to the segment.  
   Banking Operations Segment      The
Banking Operations segment serves consumers and businesses by offering and servicing a variety of loan and deposit products and other financial services.  
   Residential Mortgage Banking Segment    
 The Residential Mortgage Banking segment originates, aggregates, sells, and services one-to-four family mortgage loans. Mortgage loan products
consist primarily of agency-conforming, fixed- and adjustable-rate loans and, to a lesser extent, jumbo loans, for the purpose of purchasing or refinancing one-to-four family homes. The Residential Mortgage Banking segment earns interest on loans
held in the warehouse and non-interest income from the origination and servicing of loans. It also recognizes gains or losses on the sale of such loans.  
 The following table provides a summary of the Company s segment results for the three months ended September 30, 2016, on an
internally managed accounting basis:      

(1) 
 Includes ancillary fee income.    

(2) 
 Includes both direct and indirect expenses.    
      37  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides a summary of the Company s segment results for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, on an internally managed accounting basis:      

(1) 
 Includes ancillary fee income.    

(2) 
 Includes both direct and indirect expenses.      The following table provides a summary of the
Company s segment results for the three months ended September 30, 2015, on an internally managed accounting basis:      

(1) 
 Includes ancillary fee income.    

(2) 
 Includes both direct and indirect expenses.    
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides a summary of the Company s segment results for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, on an internally managed accounting basis:      

(1) 
 Includes ancillary fee income.    

(2) 
 Includes both direct and indirect expenses.        Note 14. Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements
     In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU No. 2016-15 addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other
debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims;
proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (including bank-owned life insurance policies); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately
identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in
an interim period. ASU No. 2016-15 should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company does not expect to early adopt ASU No. 2016-15 and its adoption is not expected to have a material effect on the
Company s consolidated statements of condition or cash flows or results of operations.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  ASU No. 2016-13 amends guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and
available for sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost basis, ASU No. 2016-13 eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold in current GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected
credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial assets to present the net amount expected to be collected. For available for sale debt securities, credit losses
should be measured in a manner similar to current GAAP, however ASU No. 2016-13 will require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. ASU No. 2016-13 affects entities holding financial assets and net investment in
leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off-balance sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial
assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. ASU No. 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities may adopt ASU No.
2016-13 earlier as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is in the process of evaluating the effects the adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 may have on its
consolidated statements of condition and results of operations.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU No. 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows, and accounting for forfeitures. The Company adopted ASU No. 2016-09 prospectively, effective for the first quarter of 2016.
Upon adoption, the Company recorded an immaterial cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. In addition, ASU No. 2016-09 requires that excess tax benefits and shortfalls be recorded as income tax benefit or
expense in the income statement, rather than as equity. This resulted in an immaterial benefit to income tax expense in the first quarter of 2016. Relative to forfeitures, ASU No. 2016-09 allows an entity s accounting policy election to
either continue to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest, as under current guidance, or account for forfeitures when they occur. The Company has elected to continue its existing practice of
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

estimating the number of awards that will be forfeited. The income tax effects of ASU No. 2016-09 on the statement of cash flows are now classified as cash flows from operating activities,
rather than cash flows from financing activities. The Company elected to apply this cash flow classification guidance prospectively and, therefore, prior periods have not been adjusted. ASU No. 2016-09 also requires the presentation of certain
employee withholding taxes as a financing activity on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows; this is consistent with the manner in which the Company has presented such employee withholding taxes in the past. Accordingly, no reclassification for
prior periods is required.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  ASU No. 2016-02
will require organizations that lease assets (hereinafter referred to as  lessees ) to recognize as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet the respective rights and obligations created by those leases. Under ASU No. 2016-02, a
lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. ASU No. 2016-02 also will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the
amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements, providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. ASU No. 2016-02 is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application will be permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the effects the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 may
have on its consolidated statements of condition and results of operations.    In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments in ASU No. 2016-01 require all equity investments to be measured at fair value, with
changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those resulting in consolidation of the investee). The amendments in ASU No. 2016-01 also require an entity to
present separately in  Other comprehensive income  the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair
value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. In addition, the amendments in ASU No. 2016-01 eliminate the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that
are not public business entities and the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet for
public business entities. (ASU No. 2016-01 is the final version of Proposed ASU No. 2013-220 Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) and Proposed ASU No. 2013-221 Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic
825-10).) ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 is not expected to have a material effect on the
Company s consolidated statements of condition or results of operations.    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The amendments in ASU No. 2014-09 create Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  and supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue
Recognition,  including most industry-specific revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Accounting Standards Codification. In addition, the amendments supersede the cost guidance in Subtopic 605-35,  Revenue
Recognition Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts,  and create new Subtopic 340-40,  Other Assets and Deferred Costs Contracts with Customers.  In summary, the core principle of Topic 606 is that an entity
recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU No. 2014-09 is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted only as of annual periods beginning after December 31, 2016, including interim reporting
periods within that fiscal year. The Company is in the process of evaluating the effects the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 may have on its consolidated statements of condition and results of operations.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      
  For the purpose of this discussion and analysis, the words  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company  are
used to refer to New York Community Bancorp, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, including New York Community Bank (the  Community Bank ) and New York Commercial Bank (the  Commercial Bank ) (collectively, the
 Banks ).      CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING LANGUAGE   
 This report, like many written and oral communications presented by New York Community Bancorp, Inc. and our authorized officers, may contain
certain forward-looking statements regarding our prospective performance and strategies within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We
intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes of said safe harbor
provisions.    Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans, strategies, and expectations of
the Company, are generally identified by use of the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   project,   seek,   strive, 
 try,  or future or conditional verbs such as  will,   would,   should,   could,   may,  or similar expressions. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations as
reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will be achieved or realized.    Our
ability to predict results or the actual effects of our plans and strategies is inherently uncertain. Accordingly, actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, or implied by the
forward-looking statements contained in this report.    There are a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could
cause actual conditions, events, or results to differ significantly from those described in our forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to:      

general economic conditions, either nationally or in some or all of the areas in which we and our customers conduct our respective businesses;    

conditions in the securities markets and real estate markets or the banking industry;        

changes in real estate values, which could impact the quality of the assets securing the loans in our portfolio;        

changes in interest rates, which may affect our net income, prepayment income, mortgage banking income, and other future cash flows, or the market value of our assets, including our investment securities;

changes in the quality or composition of our loan or securities portfolios;        

changes in our capital management policies, including those regarding business combinations, dividends, and share repurchases, among others;    

our use of derivatives to mitigate our interest rate exposure;        

changes in competitive pressures among financial institutions or from non-financial institutions;        

changes in deposit flows and wholesale borrowing facilities;        

changes in the demand for deposit, loan, and investment products and other financial services in the markets we serve;        

our timely development of new lines of business and competitive products or services in a changing environment, and the acceptance of such products or services by our customers;    

the ability to obtain shareholder and regulatory approval of any merger transactions we may propose (including regulatory approval of the proposed merger with Astoria Financial Corporation ( Astoria
Financial )) in a timely manner or otherwise;        

our ability to successfully integrate any assets, liabilities, customers, systems, and management personnel we may acquire, including from Astoria Financial, into our operations and our ability to realize related
revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames;        

risks relating to unanticipated costs of integration;        

potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of companies we have acquired, may acquire, or target for acquisition, including Astoria Financial;    

failure to satisfy other closing conditions to any mergers we may propose, including the proposed merger with Astoria Financial;        

the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of any merger we propose (including the proposed merger with Astoria Financial) on relationships with third parties, including customers, employees, and
competitors;        

failure to obtain applicable regulatory approvals for the payment of future dividends;        

the ability to pay future dividends at currently expected rates;    
      41  

Table of Contents  

the ability to hire and retain key personnel;        

the ability to attract new customers and retain existing ones in the manner anticipated;        

changes in our customer base or in the financial or operating performances of our customers  businesses;        

any interruption in customer service due to circumstances beyond our control;        

the outcome of pending or threatened litigation, or of matters before regulatory agencies, whether currently existing or commencing in the future;    

environmental conditions that exist or may exist on properties owned by, leased by, or mortgaged to the Company;        

any interruption or breach of security resulting in failures or disruptions in customer account management, general ledger, deposit, loan, or other systems;    

operational issues stemming from, and/or capital spending necessitated by, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems, on which we are highly dependent;    

the ability to keep pace with, and implement on a timely basis, technological changes;        

changes in legislation, regulation, policies, or administrative practices, whether by judicial, governmental, or legislative action, including, but not limited to, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, and other changes pertaining to banking, securities, taxation, rent regulation and housing, financial accounting and reporting, environmental protection, and insurance, and the ability to comply with such changes in a timely manner;

changes in the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System;    

changes in accounting principles, policies, practices, or guidelines;        

a material breach in performance by the Community Bank under our loss sharing agreements with the FDIC;        

changes in our estimates of future reserves based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements;    

changes in regulatory expectations relating to predictive models we use in connection with stress testing and other forecasting, or in the assumptions on which such modeling and forecasting are predicated;

changes in our credit ratings or in our ability to access the capital markets;        

natural disasters, war, or terrorist activities; and        

other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, technological, and geopolitical factors affecting our operations, pricing, and services.    
 In addition, the timing and occurrence or non-occurrence of events may be subject to circumstances beyond our control.  
 Furthermore, we routinely evaluate opportunities to expand through acquisitions and conduct due diligence activities in connection with such
opportunities. As a result, acquisition discussions and, in some cases, negotiations, may take place at any time, and acquisitions involving cash or our debt or equity securities may occur.  
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our expectations only as of the date of this
report. We do not assume any obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by law.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

RECONCILIATIONS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY AND TANGIBLE STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY;    
   TOTAL ASSETS AND TANGIBLE ASSETS; AND THE RELATED MEASURES    
 (unaudited)    While
stockholders  equity, total assets, and book value per share are financial measures that are recorded in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), tangible stockholders  equity, tangible assets, and
the related tangible measures are not. Nevertheless, it is management s belief that these non-GAAP measures should be disclosed in our SEC filings, earnings releases, and other investor communications, for the following reasons:  

1. 
 Tangible stockholders  equity and tangible assets are important indications of the Company s ability to grow organically and through business combinations, as well as our ability to pay dividends and to engage
in various capital management strategies.        

2. 
 Tangible stockholders  equity, tangible book value per share, and the ratio of tangible stockholders  equity to tangible assets are among the capital measures considered by current and prospective investors,
both independent of, and in comparison with, our peers.     We calculate tangible stockholders  equity by subtracting from
stockholders  equity the sum of our goodwill and core deposit intangibles ( CDI ), and calculate tangible assets by subtracting the same sum from our total assets. To calculate our ratio of tangible stockholders  equity to
tangible assets, we divide our tangible stockholders  equity by our tangible assets. To calculate our tangible book value per share, we divide our tangible stockholders  equity at the end of a period by the number of common shares
outstanding at the same date.    Tangible stockholders  equity, tangible assets, and the related non-GAAP capital measures should not
be considered in isolation or as a substitute for stockholders  equity, total assets, or any other capital measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, the manner in which we calculate these non-GAAP measures may differ from that
of other companies reporting non-GAAP measures with similar names.   The following table presents reconciliations of our stockholders 
equity and tangible stockholders  equity, our total assets and tangible assets, and the related GAAP and non-GAAP capital measures at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

43  

Table of Contents  

    Executive Summary    
 New York Community Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for New York Community Bank (the  Community Bank ), with 225 branches in
Metro New York, New Jersey, Ohio, Florida, and Arizona; and New York Commercial Bank (the  Commercial Bank ), with 30 branches in Metro New York. With assets of $49.5 billion at September 30, 2016, including loans, net, of $39.7 billion,
we rank among the 25 largest U.S. bank holding companies.    Chartered in the State of New York, the Community Bank and the Commercial Bank
are subject to regulation by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ), the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and the New York State Department of Financial Services. In addition, the holding company is subject to
regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  FRB ), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), and the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, where shares of our common stock are
traded under the symbol  NYCB .    As a publicly traded company, our mission is to provide our shareholders with a solid return on
their investment by producing a strong financial performance, maintaining a solid capital position, and engaging in corporate strategies that enhance the value of their shares. In support of this mission, we maintain a consistent business model, as
described below:      

We originate multi-family loans on non-luxury apartment buildings in New York City that are subject to rent regulation and feature below-market rents;    

We underwrite our loans in accordance with conservative credit standards in order to maintain a high level of asset quality;        

We originate one-to-four family loans through our proprietary web-based mortgage banking platform and sell the vast majority of those loans to government-sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ), servicing retained;

We are intent upon maintaining an efficient operation; and        

We grow through accretive acquisitions of other financial institutions, branches, and/or deposits.    
 Consistent with this business model, we produced the following results in the third quarter of 2016:  
   Loan Growth      Non-covered loans
held for investment totaled $37.3 billion at the end of September, a $557.1 million increase from the balance at the end of the trailing quarter and a $1.6 billion increase from the balance at year-end 2015. The Company originated $2.3 billion of
loans held for investment in the current third quarter, bringing the nine-month total to $7.2 billion. Multi-family loans represented $1.3 billion, or 56.4%, of the held-for-investment loans we originated during the quarter, while commercial real
estate ( CRE ) loans represented $345.5 million, or 15.3%.    Multi-family loans totaled $27.1 billion at the end of September, a
$315.9 million increase from the June 30th balance and a $1.1 billion increase from the balance at December 31st. CRE loans declined $29.4 million and $93.0 million, respectively, to $7.8 billion over the corresponding periods.  
 Consistent with our current focus on managing the four-quarter average of our total consolidated assets below $50.0 billion, we sold
multi-family loan participations of $206.0 million in the current third quarter, bringing the nine-month total to $1.1 billion. We also sold CRE loans of $107.6 million, including through participations, in the current third quarter, bringing
the total to $268.5 million for the past nine months.     Asset Quality    
 Non-performing non-covered assets declined in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $56.0 million, representing 0.12% of total
non-covered assets at that date. The respective declines were attributable to reductions in non-performing non-covered loans to $43.4 million and other real estate owned ( OREO ) to $12.6 million from the balances recorded at June 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015. In addition, net recoveries represented 0.0% of average loans at the end of September; comparable to the measures reported at June 30th and December 31st. 
 In contrast, the balance of non-covered loans 30 to 89 days delinquent rose to $26.6 million from the balances recorded at June 30th and
December 31st. The increase was largely attributable to a single acquisition, development, and construction ( ADC ) loan in the amount of $6.2 million and New York City taxi medallion loans totaling $15.7 million.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

    Net Income    
 We recorded third quarter 2016 earnings of $125.3 million, or $0.26 per diluted share. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we
recorded earnings of $381.7 million, or $0.78 per diluted share.      Net Interest Income and Margin    
 In the fourth quarter of 2015, we prepaid $10.4 billion of wholesale borrowings with an average cost of 3.16% and replaced them with a like
amount of wholesale borrowings at half the average cost (i.e., 1.58%). Reflecting the benefit of this strategic action, net interest income rose $39.0 million year-over-year to $318.4 million in the current third quarter and our net interest
margin rose 35 basis points to 2.91%.    Sequentially, our net interest income fell $7.2 million and our margin declined by eight basis
points. The sequential declines were the net effect of a decrease in interest income attributable to a decline in prepayment income, which contributed to a decrease in the average yield on loans; and an increase in interest expense attributable
to a rise in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits together with an increase in the average cost of such funds.      Efficiency    
 In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded operating expenses of $158.9 million, comparable to the level recorded in the second
quarter of this year. Notwithstanding a modest increase in each of the other two components of operating expenses, general and administrative ( G A ) expense fell $1.0 million sequentially to $48.5 million in the current third quarter.
   In contrast, operating expenses rose $12.9 million in the current third quarter from the level recorded in the year-earlier three months.
The increase was largely driven by a $12.6 million rise in G A expense, which included a $6.8 million rise in FDIC deposit insurance premiums and $3.1 million of professional service fees. 
   External Factors      The following is
a discussion of certain external factors that tend to influence our financial performance and the strategic actions we take:      Interest Rates
     Among the external factors that tend to influence our performance, the interest rate environment is key.  
 The cost of our deposits and borrowed funds is largely based on short-term rates of interest, the level of which is partially impacted by the
actions of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors (the  FOMC ) and market interest rates. On December 17, 2015, the FOMC raised the target fed funds rate to a range of 0.25% to 0.50%. This was the
first and, thus far, the only time the rate has been raised since the fourth quarter of 2008, when it was reduced to a range of zero to 0.25%.  
 Just as short-term interest rates affect the cost of our deposits and that of the funds we borrow, market interest rates affect the yields on
the loans we produce for investment and the securities in which we invest. As further discussed under  Loans Held for Investment  later on in this discussion, the interest rates on our multi-family and CRE loans generally are based on the
five-year Constant Maturity Treasury Rate ( CMT ).  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the high, low, and average five- and ten-year CMTs in the three
months ended September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015:      
   (Source: Bloomberg)  
 In addition, residential market interest rates impact the volume of one-to-four family mortgage loans we originate in any given quarter,
directly affecting new home purchases and refinancing activity. Accordingly, when residential mortgage interest rates are low, refinancing activity typically increases; as residential mortgage interest rates begin to rise, the refinancing of
one-to-four family mortgage loans typically declines. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we originated $1.4 billion of one-to-four family mortgage loans for sale through our mortgage banking division, $126.1 million more than we produced
in the trailing quarter and $442.5 million more than we produced in the third quarter of 2015.    Changes in market interest rates
generally have a lesser impact on our multi-family and CRE lending than they do on our origination of one-to-four family mortgage loans. Because the multi-family and CRE loans we produce generate income when they prepay (which is recorded as
interest income), the impact of prepayment activity can be especially meaningful. With property transactions declining from the prior year s highs and refinancing activity slowing, prepayment income from loans contributed $13.4 million to
interest income in the current third quarter, as compared to $18.2 million and $23.1 million, respectively, in the trailing and year-earlier three months. 
   Economic Indicators      While we
attribute our asset quality to the nature of the loans we produce and our conservative underwriting standards, the quality of our assets can also be impacted by economic conditions in our local markets and throughout the United States. The
information that follows consists of recent economic data that we consider to be germane to our performance and the markets we serve.    The
following table presents the unemployment rates for the United States and our key deposit markets in the months ended September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015:  
   
   (Source: U.S. Department of Labor)  
 Another key economic indicator is the Consumer Price Index (the  CPI ), which measures the average change over time in the prices
paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services. The following table indicates the change in the CPI for the twelve months ended at each of the indicated dates:  
   
   (Source: U.S. Department of Labor   Bureau of Labor Statistics)  
 Given the impact that home prices have on residential mortgage lending, we believe the S P/Case-Shiller Home Price Index is an important
economic indicator for the Company. According to this index, home prices rose 5.3% across the U.S. in the twelve months ended August 2016, as compared to 5.1% and 4.9%, respectively, in the twelve months ended June 2016 and September 2015.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, the volume of new home sales nationwide was at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of
593,000 in September 2016, according to estimates set forth in a U.S. Department of Commerce report issued on October 26, 2016. The September 2016 rate was 3.1% above the August rate of 575,000 and 29.8% above the September 2015 rate of 457,000.
   Yet another pertinent economic indicator is the residential rental vacancy rate in New York, as reported by the U.S. Department of
Commerce, and the office vacancy rate in Manhattan, as reported by a leading commercial real estate broker, Jones Lang LaSalle. These measures are important in view of the fact that 66.4% of our multi-family loans and 72.5% of our CRE loans are
secured by properties in New York, with Manhattan accounting for 28.3% and 53.2% of our multi-family and CRE loans, respectively. As reflected in the following table, New York residential rental vacancy rates declined year-over-year but were
unchanged linked-quarter, while office vacancy rates in Manhattan rose both year-over-year and sequentially.      
   In addition, the Consumer Confidence Index    rose to
103.5 in September 2016 from 98 in June and 103 in September 2015. An index level of 90 or more is considered indicative of a strong economy.  
   Recent Events        Dividend Declaration
     On October 25, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.17 per share, payable on November 18, 2016 to
shareholders of record at the close of business on November 7, 2016.      Astoria Financial Merger    
 On November 9, 2016, the Company announced that, based on discussions with its regulators, it does not expect to receive the regulatory
approvals required to consummate the merger with Astoria Financial by the end of 2016. Under the terms of the merger agreement, either the Company or Astoria Financial may terminate the merger agreement, without penalty, if the merger has not
occurred by that date. Astoria Financial and the Company remain committed to the transaction, but any extension of the end date or other modification under the merger agreement is subject to the discretionary approval of the Board of Directors of
each company, and there can be no assurance that each Board will agree to any such extension or other modification.      Critical Accounting Policies
     We consider certain accounting policies to be critically important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of
operations, since they require management to make complex or subjective judgments, some of which may relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. The inherent sensitivity of our consolidated financial statements to these critical accounting
policies, and the judgments, estimates, and assumptions used therein, could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.  
 We have identified the following to be critical accounting policies: the determination of the allowances for loan losses; the valuation of
mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs  the determination of whether an impairment of securities is other than temporary; the determination of the amount, if any, of goodwill impairment; and the determination of the valuation allowance for
deferred tax assets.    The judgments used by management in applying these critical accounting policies may be influenced by adverse changes
in the economic environment, which may result in changes to future financial results.      Allowances for Loan Losses    
  Allowance for Losses on Non-Covered Loans   
 The allowance for losses on non-covered loans represents our estimate of probable and estimable losses inherent in the non-covered loan
portfolio as of the date of the balance sheet. Losses on non-covered loans are charged against, and recoveries of losses on non-covered loans are credited back to, the allowance for losses on non-covered loans.  
 Although non-covered loans are held by either the Community Bank or the Commercial Bank, and a separate loan loss allowance is established for
each, the total of the two allowances is available to cover all losses incurred. In addition, except as otherwise noted in the following discussion, the process for establishing the allowance for losses on non-covered loans is largely the
same for each of the Community Bank and the Commercial Bank.    The methodology used for the allocation of the allowance for non-covered
loan losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was also generally comparable, whereby the Community Bank and the Commercial Bank segregated their loss factors (used for both criticized and non-criticized loans) into a component
that was primarily based on historical loss rates  
      47  

Table of Contents  

and a component that was primarily based on other qualitative factors that are probable to affect loan collectability. In determining the respective allowances for non-covered loan losses,
management considers the Community Bank s and the Commercial Bank s current business strategies and credit processes, including compliance with applicable regulatory guidelines and with guidelines approved by the respective Boards of
Directors with regard to credit limitations, loan approvals, underwriting criteria, and loan workout procedures.    The allowance for losses
on non-covered loans is established based on management s evaluation of incurred losses in the portfolio in accordance with GAAP, and is comprised of both specific valuation allowances and general valuation allowances.  
 Specific valuation allowances are established based on management s analyses of individual loans that are considered impaired. If a
non-covered loan is deemed to be impaired, management measures the extent of the impairment and establishes a specific valuation allowance for that amount. A non-covered loan is classified as  impaired  when, based on current information
and/or events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. We apply this classification as necessary to non-covered loans individually evaluated for impairment in our
portfolios. Smaller-balance homogenous loans and loans carried at the lower of cost or fair value are evaluated for impairment on a collective, rather than individual, basis. Loans to certain borrowers who have experienced financial difficulty and
for which the terms have been modified, resulting in a concession, are considered troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) and are classified as impaired.  
 We generally measure impairment on an individual loan and determine the extent to which a specific valuation allowance is necessary by
comparing the loan s outstanding balance to either the fair value of the collateral, less the estimated cost to sell, or the present value of expected cash flows, discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. Generally, when the fair
value of the collateral, net of the estimated costs to sell, or the present value of the expected cash flows is less than the recorded investment in the loan, any shortfall is promptly charged off.  
 We also follow a process to assign general valuation allowances to non-covered loan categories. General valuation allowances are established
by applying our loan loss provisioning methodology, and reflect the inherent risk in outstanding held-for-investment loans. This loan loss provisioning methodology considers various factors in determining the appropriate quantified risk factors to
use to determine the general valuation allowances. The factors assessed begin with the historical loan loss experience for each major loan category. We also take into account an estimated historical loss emergence period (which is the period of time
between the event that triggers a loss and the confirmation and/or charge-off of that loss) for each loan portfolio segment.    The
allocation methodology consists of the following components: First, we determine an allowance for loan losses based on a quantitative loss factor for loans evaluated collectively for impairment. This quantitative loss factor is based primarily on
historical loss rates, after considering loan type, historical loss and delinquency experience, and loss emergence periods. The quantitative loss factors applied in the methodology are periodically re-evaluated and adjusted to reflect changes
in historical loss levels, loss emergence periods, or other risks. Lastly, we allocate an allowance for loan losses based on qualitative loss factors. These qualitative loss factors are designed to account for losses that may not be provided for by
the quantitative loss component due to other factors evaluated by management, which include, but are not limited to:      

Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection, and charge-off and recovery practices;    

Changes in international, national, regional, and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio, including the condition of various market segments;

Changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio and in the terms of loans;        

Changes in the volume and severity of past-due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded loans;    

Changes in the quality of our loan review system;        

Changes in the value of the underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans;        

The existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations;        

Changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; and        

The effect of other external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements, on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing portfolio.    
 By considering the factors discussed above, we determine an allowance for non-covered loan losses that is applied to each significant loan
portfolio segment to determine the total allowance for losses on non-covered loans.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

  The historical loss period we use to determine the allowance for loan losses on non-covered loans
is a rolling 24-quarter look-back period, as we believe this produces an appropriate reflection of our historical loss experience.    The
process of establishing the allowance for losses on non-covered loans also involves:      

Periodic inspections of the loan collateral by qualified in-house and external property appraisers/inspectors;        

Regular meetings of executive management with the pertinent Board committee, during which observable trends in the local economy and/or the real estate market are discussed;    

Assessment of the aforementioned factors by the pertinent members of the Boards of Directors and management when making a business judgment regarding the impact of anticipated changes on the future level of loan losses;
and        

Analysis of the portfolio in the aggregate, as well as on an individual loan basis, taking into consideration payment history, underwriting analyses, and internal risk ratings.    
 In order to determine their overall adequacy, each of the respective non-covered loan loss allowances is reviewed quarterly by management and
the Board of Directors of the Community Bank or the Commercial Bank, as applicable.    We charge off loans, or portions of loans, in the
period that such loans, or portions thereof, are deemed uncollectible. The collectability of individual loans is determined through an assessment of the financial condition and repayment capacity of the borrower and/or through an estimate of the
fair value of any underlying collateral. For non-real-estate-related consumer credits, the following past-due time periods determine when charge-offs are typically recorded: (1) Closed-end credits are charged off in the quarter that the loan
becomes 120 days past due; (2) Open-end credits are charged off in the quarter that the loan becomes 180 days past due; and (3) Both closed-end and open-end credits are typically charged off in the quarter that the credit is 60 days
past the date we received notification that the borrower has filed for bankruptcy.    The level of future additions to the respective
non-covered loan loss allowances is based on many factors, including certain factors that are beyond management s control, such as changes in economic and local market conditions, including declines in real estate values, and increases in
vacancy rates and unemployment. Management uses the best available information to recognize losses on loans or to make additions to the loan loss allowances; however, the Community Bank and/or the Commercial Bank may be required to take certain
charge-offs and/or recognize further additions to their loan loss allowances, based on the judgment of regulatory agencies with regard to information provided to them during their examinations of the Banks.  
 An allowance for unfunded commitments is maintained separate from the allowances for non-covered loan losses and is included in  Other
liabilities  in the Consolidated Statements of Condition.     Allowance for Losses on Covered Loans   
 We have elected to account for the loans acquired in our FDIC-assisted acquisitions of AmTrust Bank ( AmTrust ) and Desert Hills Bank
( Desert Hills ) (our  covered loans ) based on expected cash flows. This election is in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 310-30,
 Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  ( ASC 310-30 ). In accordance with ASC 310-30, we maintain the integrity of a pool of multiple loans accounted for as a single asset with a single composite
interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows.    Covered loans are reported exclusive of the FDIC loss share receivable. The
covered loans acquired in the AmTrust and Desert Hills acquisitions are reviewed for collectability based on the expectations of cash flows from these loans. Covered loans have been aggregated into pools of loans with common characteristics. In
determining the allowance for losses on covered loans, we periodically perform an analysis to estimate the expected cash flows for each of the loan pools. A provision for losses on covered loans is recorded to the extent that the expected cash flows
from a loan pool have decreased for credit-related items since the acquisition date. Accordingly, during the loss share recovery period, if there is a decrease in expected cash flows due to an increase in estimated credit losses as compared to the
estimates made at the respective acquisition dates, the decrease in the present value of expected cash flows will be recorded as a provision for covered loan losses charged to earnings, and the allowance for covered loan losses will be increased.
During the loss share recovery period, a related credit to non-interest income and an increase in the FDIC loss share receivable will be recognized at the same time, and will be measured based on the applicable loss sharing agreement percentage.
   Please see Note 6,  Allowances for Loan Losses  for a further discussion of our allowance for losses on covered loans, as well
as additional information about our allowance for losses on non-covered loans.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

    Mortgage Servicing Rights    
 We recognize our rights to service mortgage loans for others as a separate asset referred to as  mortgage servicing rights,  or
 MSRs.  MSRs are generally recognized when loans are sold whole or in part (in the latter case, as a  participation ), and the servicing is retained by us. Both of the Company s two classes of MSRs, residential and
participation, are initially recorded at fair value. While residential MSRs continue to be carried at fair value, participation MSRs are subsequently amortized on a quarterly basis and carried at the lower of their fair value or amortized amount.
The amortization is recorded in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing income.    We base the fair value of our MSRs
on a valuation performed by a third-party valuation specialist. This specialist determines fair value based on the present value of estimated future net servicing income cash flows, and incorporates assumptions that market participants would use to
estimate fair value, including estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rates, default rates, refinance rates, servicing costs, escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, and ancillary income. The specialist and the Company evaluate,
and periodically adjust, as necessary, these underlying inputs and assumptions to reflect market conditions and changes in the assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing MSRs.  
 Changes in the fair value of MSRs occur primarily in connection with the collection/realization of expected cash flows, as well as changes in
the valuation inputs and assumptions. Changes in the fair value of residential MSRs are reported in  Mortgage banking income  and changes in the value of participation MSRs are reported in  Other income  in the period during
which such changes occur.      Investment Securities    
 The securities portfolio primarily consists of mortgage-related securities and, to a lesser extent, debt and equity (together,
 other ) securities. Securities that are classified as  available for sale  are carried at their estimated fair value, with any unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes, reported as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss
in stockholders  equity. Securities that we have the intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as  held to maturity  and carried at amortized cost, less the non-credit portion of other-than-temporary impairment
( OTTI ) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ( AOCL ).    The fair values of our securities,
and particularly of our fixed-rate securities, are affected by changes in market interest rates and credit spreads. In general, as interest rates rise and/or credit spreads widen, the fair value of fixed-rate securities will decline; as interest
rates fall and/or credit spreads tighten, the fair value of fixed-rate securities will rise. We regularly conduct a review and evaluation of our securities portfolio to determine if the decline in the fair value of any security below its carrying
amount is other than temporary. If we deem any decline in value to be other than temporary, the security is written down to its current fair value, creating a new cost basis, and the resultant loss (other than the OTTI on debt securities
attributable to non-credit factors) is charged against earnings and recorded in  Non-interest income.  Our assessment of a decline in fair value requires judgment as to the financial position and future prospects of the entity that issued
the investment security, as well as a review of the security s underlying collateral. Broad changes in the overall market or interest rate environment generally will not lead to a write-down.  
 In accordance with OTTI accounting guidance, unless we have the intent to sell, or it is more likely than not that we may be required to sell
a security before recovery, OTTI is recognized as a realized loss in earnings to the extent that the decline in fair value is credit-related. If there is a decline in fair value of a security below its carrying amount and we have the intent to sell
it, or it is more likely than not that we may be required to sell the security before recovery, the entire amount of the decline in fair value is charged to earnings.  
   Goodwill Impairment      Goodwill is
presumed to have an indefinite useful life and is tested for impairment, rather than amortized, at the reporting unit level, at least once a year. We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2015 and found no indication
of goodwill impairment at that date.    In addition to being tested annually, goodwill would be tested in less than one year s time if
there were a  triggering event.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, no triggering events were identified.    The
goodwill impairment analysis is a two-step test. However, a company can, under Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2011-08,  Testing Goodwill for Impairment,  first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is
necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. Under ASU No. 2011-08, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is
more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. The Company did not elect to perform a qualitative assessment of its  
      50  

Table of Contents  

goodwill in 2015. The first step ( Step 1 ) is used to identify potential impairment, and involves comparing each reporting segment s estimated fair value to its carrying
amount, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of a reporting segment exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, there is an indication of potential
impairment and the second step ( Step 2 ) is performed to measure the amount.    Step 2 involves calculating an implied fair value
of goodwill for each reporting segment for which impairment was indicated in Step 1. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar to the method for determining the amount of goodwill calculated in a business combination,
i.e., by measuring the excess of the estimated fair value of the reporting segment, as determined in Step 1, over the aggregate estimated fair values of the individual assets, liabilities, and identifiable intangibles, as if the reporting
segment were being acquired in a business combination at the impairment test date. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to the reporting segment, there is no impairment. If the carrying amount of
goodwill assigned to a reporting segment exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. An impairment loss cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting segment, and the loss
establishes a new basis in the goodwill. Subsequent reversal of goodwill impairment losses is not permitted.    Quoted market prices in
active markets are the best evidence of fair value and are used as the basis for measurement, when available. Other acceptable valuation methods include present-value measurements based on multiples of earnings or revenues, or similar performance
measures. Differences in the identification of reporting units and in valuation techniques could result in materially different evaluations of impairment.  
 For the purpose of goodwill impairment testing, management has determined that the Company has two reporting segments: Banking Operations and
Residential Mortgage Banking. All of our recorded goodwill has resulted from prior acquisitions and, accordingly, is attributed to Banking Operations. There is no goodwill associated with Residential Mortgage Banking, as this segment was acquired in
our FDIC-assisted AmTrust acquisition, which resulted in a bargain purchase gain. In order to perform our annual goodwill impairment test, we determined the carrying value of the Banking Operations segment to be the carrying value of the Company and
compared it to the fair value of the Company.      Income Taxes    
 In estimating income taxes, management assesses the relative merits and risks of the tax treatment of transactions, taking into account
statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of our tax position. In this process, management also relies on tax opinions, recent audits, and historical experience. Although we use the best available information to record income
taxes, underlying estimates and assumptions can change over time as a result of unanticipated events or circumstances such as changes in tax laws and judicial guidance influencing our overall or transaction-specific tax position.  
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and the carryforward of certain tax attributes such as net operating losses. A valuation allowance is maintained for deferred tax assets that we estimate are more
likely than not to be unrealizable, based on available evidence at the time the estimate is made. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we estimate future taxable income, considering the prudence and feasibility of tax planning strategies
and the realizability of tax loss carryforwards. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be affected by changes to tax laws, statutory tax rates, and future taxable income levels. In the event we were to determine that we would not
be able to realize all or a portion of our net deferred tax assets in the future, we would reduce such amounts through a charge to income tax expense in the period in which that determination was made. Conversely, if we were to determine that we
would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, we would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a decrease in income tax expense in the period in which that determination was made.
Subsequently recognized tax benefits associated with valuation allowances recorded in a business combination would be recorded as an adjustment to goodwill.  
   Balance Sheet Summary      Total
assets were $49.5 billion at the end of September, reflecting a $426.9 million increase from the June 30th balance and an $855.2 million reduction from the balance at December 31, 2015. The linked-quarter rise was primarily due to a $549.6 million
increase in total loans, net, to $39.7 billion, which was tempered by a $163.8 million decline in securities to $3.8 billion. While loans, net, rose $1.7 billion in the first nine months of this year, the increase was exceeded by a $2.4 billion
decline in securities, largely reflecting first-quarter calls.    Deposits rose $256.6 million and $712.8 million, respectively, in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $29.1 billion, primarily reflecting an increase in certificates of deposit ( CDs ) and non-interest-bearing accounts. Borrowed funds totaled $14.0 billion at the end of September,
reflecting a modest rise from the June 30th balance and a $1.7 billion reduction from the balance at December 31st.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

  Stockholders  equity rose $51.4 million and $155.8 million, respectively, over the three-
and nine-month periods to $6.1 billion at September 30, 2016. The latter amount represented 12.31% of total assets and a book value per share of $12.50.  
   Loans      At September 30, 2016,
loans, net, represented $39.7 billion, or 80.2%, of total assets, $1.7 billion higher than the balance at December 31, 2015. Included in the September 30th amount were covered loans, net, of $1.8 billion and non-covered loans held for
investment, net, of $37.2 billion, as more fully discussed below. Non-covered loans held for sale totaled $701.4 million at the end of September, as compared to $367.2 million at December 31st.  
   Covered Loans       Covered
loans  refers to certain loans we acquired in our FDIC-assisted AmTrust and Desert Hills transactions, and are referred to as such because they are covered by loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. Each of the respective loss sharing agreements
require the FDIC to reimburse us for 80% of losses up to a specified threshold, and for 95% of losses beyond that threshold, with respect to covered loans and covered OREO.  
 The loss sharing (and reimbursement) agreements applicable to one-to-four family loans and home equity loans and lines of credit
( HELOCs ) are effective for a ten-year period from the date of acquisition. Under the loss sharing agreements applicable to all other covered loans and OREO, the FDIC reimbursed us for losses for a five-year period from the date of
acquisition which has since expired; the period for sharing in recoveries on all other covered loans and OREO extends for a period of eight years from the acquisition date.  
 Primarily reflecting repayments, covered loans declined $270.9 million from the year-end 2015 balance to $1.8 billion, representing 4.5% of
total loans, at September 30, 2016. One-to-four family loans represented $1.7 billion of total covered loans at the end of September, with home equity loans and HELOCs representing $101.0 million, combined.  
 At September 30, 2016, $1.3 billion, or 67.5%, of our covered loans were adjustable rate loans, with a weighted average interest rate of
3.75%. The remainder of the covered loan portfolio at that date consisted of fixed rate loans. The interest rates on the adjustable rate loans in the covered loan portfolio are indexed to the one-year LIBOR or the one-year Treasury rate, plus a
spread in the range of 2% to 5%, subject to certain caps.     Geographical Analysis of the Covered Loan Portfolio   
 The following table presents a geographical analysis of our covered loan portfolio at September 30, 2016:  
   
     Non-Covered Loans Held for Investment    
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, non-covered loans held for investment rose $560.2 million and $1.6 billion,
respectively, to $37.4 billion, representing 75.5% of total assets at that date. In addition to multi-family loans and CRE loans, the held-for-investment portfolio includes substantially smaller balances of one-to-four family loans; ADC loans;
and other loans, with specialty finance loans and leases and other commercial and industrial ( C I ) loans comprising the bulk of the  Other loan  portfolio.  
 Including third-quarter originations of $2.3 billion, we originated $7.2 billion of held-for-investment loans in the current nine-month
period, reflecting a $1.8 billion reduction from the year-earlier amount. The year-over-year decline was largely due to a reduction in property transactions and refinancing activity in our multi-family lending niche, as further discussed below.  

      52  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the loans held for investment we originated in the three months
ended September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   The individual held-for-investment loan portfolios are discussed in detail below.  
  Multi-Family Loans     Multi-family loans
are our principal asset. The loans we produce are primarily secured by non-luxury residential apartment buildings in New York City that are rent-regulated and feature below-market rents a market we refer to as our  primary lending
niche.     Multi-family loan originations represented $1.3 billion, or 56.4%, of the held-for-investment loans we produced in the
current third quarter, reflecting a linked-quarter decline of $396.4 million and a $902.9 million decline year-over-year. Of the held-for-investment loans produced in the current nine-month period, multi-family loans represented $4.5 billion, or
63.3%, reflecting a year-over-year decline of $1.9 billion. The reduction in the volume of multi-family loans produced reflects a slowdown in property transactions and refinancing activity from the record volumes we experienced in 2015. 
 At September 30, 2016, multi-family loans represented $27.1 billion, or 72.5%, of total non-covered loans held for investment, reflecting a
linked-quarter increase of $315.9 million and a $1.1 billion increase from the balance at December 31st. To limit the growth of the portfolio, we sold $206.0 million of multi-family loans through participations in the current third quarter, bringing
the nine-month total of such sales to $1.1 billion.    The average multi-family loan had a principal balance of $5.4 million at the end of
the current third quarter, consistent with the principal balance in the trailing three months and slightly higher than the $5.3 million principal balance at December 31, 2015.  
 The majority of our multi-family loans are made to long-term owners of residential apartment buildings with units that are subject to rent
regulation and feature below-market rents. Our borrowers typically use the funds we provide for future real estate investments, or to make building-wide improvements and renovations to certain units, as a result of which they are able to increase
the rents their tenants pay. In this way, the borrower creates increased cash flows to service debt and borrow against in future years.  
 In addition to underwriting multi-family loans on the basis of the buildings  income and condition, we consider the borrowers 
credit history, profitability, and building management expertise. Borrowers are required to present evidence of their ability to repay the loan from the buildings  current rent rolls, their financial statements, and related documents.  
 The vast majority of our multi-family loans feature a term of ten or twelve years, with a fixed rate of interest for the first five or seven
years of the loan, and an alternative rate of interest in years six through ten or eight through twelve. The rate charged in the first five or seven years is generally based on intermediate-term interest rates plus a spread. During the remaining
years, the loan resets to an annually adjustable rate that is tied to the prime rate of interest, plus a spread. Alternately, the borrower may opt for a fixed rate that is tied to the five-year fixed advance rate of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New
York (the  FHLB-NY ), plus a spread. The fixed-rate option also requires the payment of one percentage point of the then-outstanding loan balance. In either case, the minimum rate at repricing is equivalent to the rate in the initial five-
or seven-year term. As the rent roll increases, the typical property owner seeks to refinance the mortgage, and generally does so before the loan reprices in year six or eight. A small percentage of our multi-family loans are ten-year fixed rate
credits.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

  Our multi-family loans tend to refinance within approximately three years of origination; at
September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the weighted average life of the multi-family loan portfolio was 2.9 years, 2.8 years, and 2.8 years, respectively. 
 Multi-family loans that refinance within the first five or seven years are typically subject to an established prepayment penalty schedule.
Depending on the remaining term of the loan at the time of prepayment, the penalties normally range from five percentage points to one percentage point of the then-current loan balance. If a loan extends past the fifth or seventh year and the
borrower selects the fixed rate option, the prepayment penalties typically reset to a range of five points to one point over years six through ten or eight through twelve. For example, a ten-year multi-family loan that prepays in year three would
generally be expected to pay a prepayment penalty equal to three percentage points of the remaining principal balance. A twelve-year multi-family loan that prepays in year one or two would generally be expected to pay a penalty equal to five
percentage points.    Because prepayment penalties are recorded as interest income, they are reflected in the average yields on our loans
and interest-earning assets, our interest rate spread and net interest margin, and the level of net interest income we record. No assumptions are involved in the recognition of prepayment income, as such income is only recorded when cash is
received.    Our success as a multi-family lender partly reflects the solid relationships we have developed with the market s leading
mortgage brokers, who are familiar with our lending practices, our underwriting standards, and our long-standing practice of basing our loans on the cash flows produced by the properties. The process of producing such loans is generally four to six
weeks in duration and, because the multi-family market is largely broker-driven, the expense incurred in sourcing such loans is substantially reduced.  
 At September 30, 2016, the majority of our multi-family loans were secured by rent-regulated rental apartment buildings. In addition, 66.4% of
our multi-family loans were secured by buildings in New York City and 5.6% were secured by buildings elsewhere in New York State. The remaining multi-family loans were secured by buildings outside these markets, including in the four other states
served by our retail branch offices.    Our emphasis on multi-family loans is driven by several factors, including their structure, which
reduces our exposure to interest rate volatility to some degree. Another factor driving our focus on multi-family lending has been the comparative quality of the loans we produce.  
 We primarily underwrite our multi-family loans based on the current cash flows produced by the collateral property, with a reliance on the
 income  approach to appraising the properties, rather than the  sales  approach. The sales approach is subject to fluctuations in the real estate market, as well as general economic conditions, and is therefore likely to be more
risky in the event of a downward credit cycle turn. We also consider a variety of other factors, including the physical condition of the underlying property; the net operating income of the mortgaged premises prior to debt service; the debt service
coverage ratio ( DSCR ), which is the ratio of the property s net operating income to its debt service; and the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised value of the property ( LTV ). The multi-family loans we are
originating today generally represent no more than 75% of the lower of the appraised value or the sales price of the underlying property. These loans typically feature an amortization period of up to 30 years and may have an initial interest-only
period. We typically do not originate full term interest-only loans. In addition to requiring a minimum DSCR of 120% on multi-family buildings, we obtain a security interest in the personal property located on the premises, and an assignment of
rents and leases.    Accordingly, while our multi-family lending niche has not been immune to downturns in the credit cycle, the limited
number of losses we have recorded, even in adverse credit cycles, suggests that the multi-family loans we produce involve less credit risk than certain other types of loans. In general, buildings that are subject to rent regulation have tended to be
stable, with occupancy levels remaining more or less constant over time. Because the rents are typically below market and the buildings securing our loans are generally maintained in good condition, they have been more likely to retain their tenants
in adverse economic times. In addition, we exclude any short-term property tax exemptions and abatement benefits the property owners receive when we underwrite the cash flows of our multi-family loans.  
 Reflecting the nature of the buildings securing our loans, our underwriting standards, and the generally conservative LTVs our multi-family
loans feature at origination, a relatively small percentage of the multi-family loans that have transitioned to non-performing status have actually resulted in losses, even when the credit cycle has taken a downward turn.  
  Commercial Real Estate Loans     In the
three months ended September 30, 2016, CRE loans represented $345.5 million of loans originated for investment, a sequential decrease of $120.2 million and a year-over-year increase of $91.5 million. Notwithstanding the year-over-year rise in the
current third quarter s production, the volume of CRE loans produced in the current nine-month period fell $456.5 million year-over-year to $892.7 million, representing 12.5% of total held-for-investment loans produced year-to-date.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, CRE loans represented $7.8 billion, or 20.8%, of total loans held for
investment, down $29.4 million and $93.0 million, respectively, from the balances at June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The three- and nine-month declines reflect sales of CRE loans totaling $107.6 million and $268.5 million, respectively, largely
through participations.    At September 30, 2016, the average CRE loan had a principal balance of $5.6 million, as compared to $5.5 million
at the end of the second quarter and $5.4 million at the end of 2015.   The CRE loans we produce are secured by income-producing properties
such as office buildings, retail centers, mixed-use buildings, and multi-tenanted light industrial properties. At September 30, 2016, 72.5% of our CRE loans were secured by properties in New York City, while properties on Long Island accounted for
11.8%. Other parts of New York State accounted for 2.4% of the properties securing our CRE credits, while all other states accounted for 13.3%, combined.  
 The terms of our CRE loans are similar to the terms of our multi-family credits, and the same prepayment penalties also apply.  
 Our CRE loans tend to refinance within three to four years of origination; the weighted average life of the CRE portfolio was 3.3 years
at both September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, as compared to 3.2 years at December 31, 2015.    The repayment of loans secured by commercial
real estate is often dependent on the successful operation and management of the underlying properties. To minimize our credit risk, we originate CRE loans in adherence with conservative underwriting standards, and require that such loans
qualify on the basis of the property s current income stream and DSCR. The approval of a loan also depends on the borrower s credit history, profitability, and expertise in property management, and generally requires a minimum DSCR of 130%
and a maximum LTV of 65%. In addition, the origination of CRE loans typically requires a security interest in the fixtures, equipment, and other personal property of the borrower and/or an assignment of the rents and/or leases.  
  One-to-Four Family Loans     The balance of
one-to-four family loans held for investment rose $85.4 million and $214.8 million, respectively, to $331.6 million over the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The growth of the portfolio was indicative of an increase in
originations, with volumes rising $29.9 million sequentially and $98.9 million year-over-year to $101.4 million in the current third quarter and $239.6 million year-over-year in the current nine-month period to $248.0 million. 
  Acquisition, Development, and Construction Loans   
 Notwithstanding a decline in originations, the balance of ADC loans rose $10.7 million and $60.5 million, respectively, to $372.2 million over
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The latter amount represented 1.0% of total loans held for investment, as compared to 0.87% at December 31, 2015.  
 In the third quarter of 2016, we originated ADC loans of $17.9 million, a $49.0 million decrease from the trailing-quarter s volume and a
$9.8 million decrease from the volume in the third quarter of last year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, originations of ADC loans totaled $123.8 million, down $18.0 million from the year-earlier amount.  
 Because ADC loans are generally considered to have a higher degree of credit risk, especially during a downturn in the credit cycle, borrowers
are required to provide a guarantee of repayment and completion. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recovered losses against guarantees of $314,000 and $204,000 respectively.  
  Other Loans     Other loans represented $1.8
billion, or 4.8%, of total loans held for investment at the end of September, a $174.5 million increase from the June 30th balance and a $317.9 million increase from the balance at December 31, 2015. The respective increases were primarily
due to the growth of our portfolio of specialty finance loans and leases, which rose $137.7 million and $263.9 million, respectively, to $1.1 billion in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Other C I loans rose $38.3 million
and $60.8 million, respectively, to $630.7 million over the corresponding periods.    Included in the portfolio of other C I loans at
the end of September were New York City taxi medallion loans of $154.0 million, representing 0.41% of total held-for-investment loans. The remainder of the  other loan  portfolio includes non-covered purchased credit-impaired
( PCI ) loans (i.e., loans that were previously covered by FDIC loss sharing agreements), as well as home equity loans, HELOCs, and a minimal amount of consumer loans.  
      55  

Table of Contents  

  Originations of other loans rose $49.5 million sequentially to $521.5 million in the current
third quarter, with specialty finance loans and leases rising $28.3 million to $369.3 million and other C I loans rising $21.6 million to $151.3 million. Year-over-year, the increases were even greater, with originations of other loans
rising $198.2 million, driven by a $163.2 million increase in specialty finance loan and lease originations and a $34.9 million increase in the production of other C I loans.  
   Specialty Finance Loans and Leases    
 Our specialty finance subsidiary is based in Foxboro, Massachusetts, and staffed by a group of industry veterans with expertise in originating
and underwriting senior secured debt and equipment loans and leases. The subsidiary participates in syndicated loans that are brought to us, and equipment loans and leases that are assigned to us, by a select group of nationally recognized sources,
and generally are made to large corporate obligors, many of which are publicly traded, carry investment grade or near-investment grade ratings, and participate in stable industries nationwide.  
 The loans and leases we fund fall into three distinct categories: asset-based lending, dealer floor-plan lending, and equipment loan and lease
financing. Each of these credits is secured with a perfected first security interest or outright ownership in the underlying collateral, and structured as senior debt or as a non-cancelable lease. The pricing of our asset-based and dealer floor-plan
loans are at floating rates predominately tied to LIBOR, while our equipment financing credits are at fixed rates at a spread over treasuries.  
   Other Commercial and Industrial Loans    
 In contrast to the loans produced by our specialty finance subsidiary, the other C I loans we produce are primarily made to small and
mid-size businesses in the five boroughs of New York City and on Long Island. Such loans are tailored to meet the specific needs of our borrowers, and include term loans, revolving lines of credit, and, to a lesser extent, loans that are partly
guaranteed by the Small Business Administration. A broad range of other C I loans, both collateralized and unsecured, are made available to businesses for working capital (including inventory and accounts receivable), business expansion, the
purchase of machinery and equipment, and other general corporate needs. In determining the term and structure of other C I loans, several factors are considered, including the purpose, the collateral, and the anticipated sources of repayment.
Other C I loans are typically secured by business assets and personal guarantees of the borrower, and include financial covenants to monitor the borrower s financial stability.  
 The interest rates on our other C I loans can be fixed or floating, with floating rate loans being tied to prime or some other market
index, plus an applicable spread. Our floating rate loans may or may not feature a floor rate of interest. The decision to require a floor on other C I loans depends on the level of competition we face for such loans from other institutions, the
direction of market interest rates, and the profitability of our relationship with the borrower.     Lending Authority   
 The loans we originate for investment are subject to federal and state laws and regulations, and are underwritten in accordance with loan
underwriting policies and procedures approved by the Mortgage Committee, the Credit Committee, and the respective Boards of Directors.    In
accordance with the Banks  policies, all loans originated by the Banks are presented to the Mortgage Committee or the Credit Committee, as applicable. In addition, all loans of $20.0 million or more originated by the Community Bank, and all
loans of $10.0 million or more originated by the Commercial Bank, are reported to the applicable Board of Directors.    At September 30,
2016, our largest loan had a balance of $287.5 million and an interest rate of 3.7%. The loan was originated by the Community Bank on June 28, 2013 to the owner of an office building located in Manhattan and, as of September 30, 2016, has been
current since the origination date.  
      56  

Table of Contents  

   Geographical Analysis of the Portfolio of Non-Covered Loans Held for Investment   
 The following table presents a geographical analysis of the multi-family and CRE loans in our held-for-investment loan portfolio at September
30, 2016:      
   At September 30, 2016, the largest concentration of one-to-four family loans held for investment was located
in California, with a total of $157.8 million; the largest concentration of ADC loans held for investment was located in New York City, with a total of $271.1 million. The majority of our other loans held for investment were secured by
properties and/or businesses located in Metro New York.      Non-Covered Loans Held for Sale    
 Our portfolio of non-covered loans held for sale consists of one-to-four family loans originated through our mortgage banking division,
utilizing our proprietary web-based technology. This platform is not only used by the Community Bank to serve our retail customers in New York, New Jersey, Ohio, Florida, and Arizona, but also by approximately 900 clients community banks,
credit unions, mortgage companies, and mortgage brokers to originate full-documentation one-to-four family loans across the United States.  
 While the vast majority of the one-to-four family loans held for sale we produce are agency-conforming loans sold to GSEs, we also have
utilized our mortgage banking platform to originate jumbo loans for sale to other private mortgage investors, as well as for our own portfolio.  
 Reflecting an increase in residential mortgage loan demand, we originated $1.4 billion of loans for sale in the current third quarter,
exceeding the trailing-quarter volume by $126.1 million and the year-earlier third-quarter volume by $442.5 million. Notwithstanding these increases, the volume of loans produced for sale in the current nine-month period fell $268.3 million to $3.6
billion from the volume produced in the year-earlier nine months.    Of the one-to-four family loans produced for sale in the current third
quarter, 96.5% were agency-conforming and 3.5% were non-conforming (i.e., jumbo) loans.    Loans held for sale totaled $701.4 million at the
end of September, $91.5 million higher than the trailing quarter-end balance and $334.2 million higher than the balance at year-end 2015. 
 Both the agency-conforming and non-conforming (i.e., jumbo) one-to-four family loans we originate for sale require that we make certain
representations and warranties with regard to the underwriting, documentation, and legal/regulatory compliance, and we may be required to repurchase a loan or loans if it is found that a breach of the representations and warranties has occurred. In
such case, we would be exposed to any subsequent credit loss on the mortgage loans that might or might not be realized in the future.    As
governed by our agreements with the GSEs and other third parties to whom we sell loans, the representations and warranties we make relate to several factors, including, but not limited to, the ownership of the loan; the validity of the lien securing
the loan; the absence of delinquent taxes or liens against the property securing the loan as of its closing date; the process used to select the loan for inclusion in a transaction; and the loan s compliance with any applicable criteria,
including underwriting standards, loan program guidelines, and compliance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.  
      57  

Table of Contents  

  We record a liability for estimated losses relating to these representations and warranties,
which is included in  Other liabilities  in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Condition. The related expense is recorded in  Mortgage banking income  in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and
Comprehensive Income. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the respective liabilities for estimated possible future losses relating to these representations and warranties were $2.1 million and $8.2 million.  
 The methodology used to estimate the liability for representations and warranties is a function of the representations and warranties given
and considers a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, actual default experience, estimated future defaults, historical loan repurchase rates, the frequency and potential severity of defaults, the probability that a repurchase request
will be received, and the probability that a loan will be required to be repurchased.    At the beginning of 2013, the GSEs changed the
rules related to their ability to put back claims to us for representation and warranty issues. These rule changes moderated the potential exposure to issuers, and provided for a phase-in that became fully impactful in 2016. Reflecting
this change, in combination with the minimal volume of repurchase requests and related losses we have incurred since establishing our mortgage banking business, the reserve was reduced by $5.9 million in the first quarter of 2016.  
 As of September 30, 2016, 19 repurchased loans with an aggregate principal balance of $3.6 million were outstanding and held for investment.
In addition, 14 indemnified loans with an aggregate principal balance of $3.2 million were outstanding and were all performing as of that date.  
 The following table sets forth the activity in our representation and warranty reserve during the periods indicated:  
  Representation and Warranty Reserve       
     Outstanding Loan Commitments    
 At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding loan commitments of $3.0 billion, $158.6 million higher than the level at December 31, 2015.
Commitments to originate loans held for investment represented $2.4 billion of the September 30th total, and commitments to originate loans held for sale represented the remaining $639.7 million. At December 31, 2015, the respective commitments
were $2.5 billion and $371.4 million.    Multi-family and CRE loans together represented $848.7 million of held-for-investment loan
commitments at the end of September, while one-to-four family, ADC, and other loans represented $39.1 million, $320.6 million, and $1.1 billion, respectively. Included in the latter amount were commitments to originate specialty finance loans and
leases of $642.7 million and commitments to originate other C I loans of $471.0 million.    In addition to loan commitments, we had
commitments to issue financial stand-by, performance stand-by, and commercial letters of credit totaling $298.1 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $296.5 million at the end of last year. The fees we collect in connection with the
issuance of letters of credit are included in  Fee income  in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income.      Asset
Quality        Non-Covered Loans Held for Investment (Excluding PCI Loans) and Non-Covered Other Real Estate Owned    
 Non-performing non-covered assets represented $56.0 million, or 0.12%, of total non-covered assets at the end of September, as compared to
$60.9 million, representing 0.13% of total non-covered assets, at December 31, 2015. The decrease was attributable to a $3.4 million decline in non-performing non-covered loans to $43.4 million and a $1.5 million decline in non-covered OREO to
$12.6 million.   Non-performing non-covered loans represented 0.12% of total non-covered loans at the end of September, as compared to 0.13%
at December 31st. The nine-month decline in non-performing non-covered loans was the net effect of a $9.9 million  
      58  

Table of Contents  

decrease in non-accrual mortgage loans to $31.2 million and a $6.5 million increase in non-accrual other loans to $12.2 million. While the reduction in non-accrual mortgage loans reflected
improvement in all four categories (i.e., multi-family, CRE, ADC, and one-to-four family), the increase in non-accrual other loans was largely due to the transition to non-performing status of $7.4 million of New York City taxi medallion loans over
the past nine months.    The following table sets forth the changes in non-performing non-covered loans over the nine months ended September
30, 2016:      
   The following table presents our non-performing non-covered loans by loan type and the changes in the
respective balances for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   A loan generally is classified as a  non-accrual  loan when it is 90 days or more past due or when
we no longer expect to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, we cease the accrual of interest owed, and previously accrued interest is reversed and charged
against interest income. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of our non-performing loans were non-accrual loans. A loan is generally returned to accrual status when the loan is current and we have reasonable assurance that the loan
will be fully collectible.    We monitor non-accrual loans both within and beyond our primary lending area in the same manner. Monitoring
loans generally involves inspecting and re-appraising the collateral properties; holding discussions with the principals and managing agents of the borrowing entities and/or retained legal counsel, as applicable; requesting financial, operating, and
rent roll information; confirming that hazard insurance is in place or force-placing such insurance; monitoring tax payment status and advancing funds as needed; and appointing a receiver, whenever possible, to collect rents, manage the operations,
provide information, and maintain the collateral properties.    It is our policy to order updated appraisals for all non-performing loans,
irrespective of loan type, that are collateralized by multi-family buildings, CRE properties, or land, in the event that such a loan is 90 days or more past due, and if the most recent appraisal on file for the property is more than one year old.
Appraisals are ordered annually until such time as the loan becomes performing and is returned to accrual status. It is not our policy to obtain updated appraisals for performing loans. However, appraisals may be ordered for performing loans when a
borrower requests an increase in the loan amount, a modification in loan terms, or an extension of a maturing loan. We do not analyze current LTVs on a portfolio-wide basis.  
 Non-performing loans are reviewed regularly by management and reported on a monthly basis to the Mortgage Committee of the Community Bank, the
Credit Committee of the Commercial Bank, and the Boards of Directors of the respective Banks. Collateral-dependent non-performing loans are written down to their current appraised values, less certain transaction costs. Workout specialists from
our Loan Workout Unit actively pursue borrowers who are delinquent in repaying their loans in an effort to collect payment. In addition, outside counsel with experience in foreclosure proceedings are retained to institute such action with
regard to such borrowers.  
      59  

Table of Contents  

  Properties that are acquired through foreclosure are classified as OREO, and are recorded at fair
value at the date of acquisition, less the estimated cost of selling the property. Subsequent declines in the fair value of OREO are charged to earnings and are included in non-interest expense. It is our policy to require an appraisal and an
environmental assessment of properties classified as OREO before foreclosure, and to re-appraise the properties on an as-needed basis, and not less than annually, until they are sold. We dispose of such properties as quickly and prudently as
possible, given current market conditions and the property s condition.    To mitigate the potential for credit losses, we underwrite
our loans in accordance with credit standards that we consider to be prudent. In the case of multi-family and CRE loans, we look first at the consistency of the cash flows being generated by the property to determine its economic value using the
 income approach,  and then at the market value of the property that collateralizes the loan. The amount of the loan is then based on the lower of the two values, with the economic value more typically used.  
 The condition of the collateral property is another critical factor. Multi-family buildings and CRE properties are inspected from rooftop to
basement as a prerequisite to approval, with a member of the Mortgage or Credit Committee participating in inspections on multi-family loans to be originated in excess of $7.5 million, and a member of the Mortgage or Credit Committee participating
in inspections on CRE loans to be originated in excess of $4.0 million. Furthermore, independent appraisers, whose appraisals are carefully reviewed by our experienced in-house appraisal officers and staff, perform appraisals on collateral
properties. In many cases, a second independent appraisal review is performed.    In addition, we work with a select group of mortgage
brokers who are familiar with our credit standards and whose track record with our lending officers is typically greater than ten years. Furthermore, in New York City, where the majority of the buildings securing our multi-family loans are located,
the rents that tenants may be charged on certain apartments are typically restricted under certain rent-control or rent-stabilization laws. As a result, the rents that tenants pay for such apartments are generally lower than current market rents.
Buildings with a preponderance of such rent-regulated apartments are less likely to experience vacancies in times of economic adversity.  
 Reflecting the strength of the underlying collateral for these loans and the collateral structure, a relatively small percentage of our
non-performing multi-family loans have resulted in losses over time.    To further manage our credit risk, our lending policies limit the
amount of credit granted to any one borrower, and typically require minimum DSCRs of 120% for multi-family loans and 130% for CRE loans. Although we typically lend up to 75% of the appraised value on multi-family buildings and up to 65% on
commercial properties, the average LTVs of such credits at origination were below those amounts at September 30, 2016. Exceptions to these LTV limitations are reviewed on a case-by-case basis.  
 The repayment of loans secured by commercial real estate is often dependent on the successful operation and management of the underlying
properties. To minimize our credit risk, we originate CRE loans in adherence with conservative underwriting standards, and require that such loans qualify on the basis of the property s current income stream and DSCR. The approval of a CRE loan
also depends on the borrower s credit history, profitability, and expertise in property management. Given that our CRE loans are underwritten in accordance with underwriting standards that are similar to those applicable to our multi-family
credits, the percentage of non-performing CRE loans that have resulted in losses has been comparatively small over time.    Multi-family and
CRE loans are generally originated at conservative LTVs and DSCRs, as previously stated. Low LTVs provide a greater likelihood of full recovery and reduce the possibility of incurring a severe loss on a credit; in many cases, they reduce the
likelihood of the borrower  walking away  from the property. Although borrowers may default on loan payments, they have a greater incentive to protect their equity in the collateral property and to return their loans to performing status.
Furthermore, in the case of multi-family loans, the cash flows generated by the properties are generally below-market and have significant value.  
      60  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present the number and amount of non-performing multi-family and CRE loans
by originating bank at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   With regard to ADC loans, we typically lend up to 75% of the estimated as-completed market value of
multi-family and residential tract projects; however, in the case of home construction loans to individuals, the limit is 80%. With respect to commercial construction loans, we typically lend up to 65% of the estimated as-completed market value of
the property. Credit risk is also managed through the loan disbursement process. Loan proceeds are disbursed periodically in increments as construction progresses, and as warranted by inspection reports provided to us by our own lending officers
and/or consulting engineers.    To minimize the risk involved in specialty finance lending and leasing, each of our credits is secured with
a perfected first security interest or outright ownership in the underlying collateral, and structured as senior debt or as a non-cancellable lease. To further minimize the risk involved in specialty finance lending and leasing, we re-underwrite
each transaction. In addition, we retain outside counsel to conduct a further review of the underlying documentation.    Other C I loans
are typically underwritten on the basis of the cash flows produced by the borrower s business, and are generally collateralized by various business assets, including, but not limited to, inventory, equipment, and accounts receivable. As a
result, the capacity of the borrower to repay is substantially dependent on the degree to which the business is successful. Furthermore, the collateral underlying the loan may depreciate over time, may not be conducive to appraisal, and may
fluctuate in value, based upon the operating results of the business. Accordingly, personal guarantees are also a normal requirement for other C I loans.  
 In addition, one-to-four family loans, ADC loans, and other loans represented 0.89%, 1.0%, and 4.8%, respectively, of total non-covered loans
held for investment at September 30, 2016, and 0.33%, 0.87%, and 4.2%, respectively, at December 31, 2015. Furthermore, while 3.0% of our one-to-four family loans were non-performing at the end of September, 0.68% of our other loans were
non-performing at that date. There were no non-performing ADC loans at September 30, 2016.    The procedures we follow with respect to
delinquent loans are generally consistent across all categories, with late charges assessed, and notices mailed to the borrower, at specified dates. We attempt to reach the borrower by telephone to ascertain the reasons for delinquency and the
prospects for repayment. When contact is made with a borrower at any time prior to foreclosure or recovery against collateral property, we attempt to obtain full payment, and will consider a repayment schedule to avoid taking such action.
Delinquencies are addressed by our Loan Workout Unit and every effort is made to collect rather than initiate foreclosure proceedings.  
      61  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents our held for investment loans 30 to 89 days past due by loan type
and the changes in the respective balances for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   Fair values for all multi-family buildings, CRE properties, and land are determined based on the appraised
value. If an appraisal is more than one year old and the loan is classified as either non-performing or as an accruing TDR, then an updated appraisal is required to determine fair value. Estimated disposition costs are deducted from the fair value
of the property to determine estimated net realizable value. In the instance of an outdated appraisal on an impaired loan, we adjust the original appraisal by using a third-party index value to determine the extent of impairment until an updated
appraisal is received.    While we strive to originate loans that will perform fully, adverse economic and market conditions, among other
factors, can adversely impact a borrower s ability to repay. Reflecting the improving economy, the nature of our primary lending niche, and our conservative underwriting standards, we recorded net recoveries of $882,000 in the first nine months
of 2016 and $7.0 million in the first nine months of 2015.    Reflecting management s assessment of the allowance for non-covered loan
losses, we recorded a $1.2 million provision for such losses in the current third quarter, bringing the nine-month provision for such losses to $6.7 million. Reflecting the nine-month provision, and year-to-date recoveries of $882,000, the allowance
for losses on non-covered loans rose to $154.7 million at the end of September from $147.1 million at December 31, 2015. The September 30th balance represented 0.41% of total non-covered loans and 352.43% of non-performing non-covered loans at that
date.    Based upon all relevant and available information as of September 30, 2016, management believes that the allowance for losses on
non-covered loans was appropriate at that date.    At the end of September, our two largest non-performing loans were a multi-family loan
with a balance of $8.3 million and a CRE loan with a balance of $5.0 million. The same two loans were our two largest non-performing loans at December 31, 2015. Each of the next three largest non-performing loans had a balance of less than
$2.0 million at September 30, 2016.     Troubled Debt Restructurings   
 In an effort to proactively manage delinquent loans, we have selectively extended to certain borrowers such concessions as rate reductions and
extensions of maturity dates, as well as forbearance agreements, when such borrowers have exhibited financial difficulty. In accordance with GAAP, we are required to account for such loan modifications or restructurings as TDRs.  
 The eligibility of a borrower for work-out concessions of any nature depends upon the facts and circumstances of each transaction, which may
change from period to period, and involve management s judgment regarding the likelihood that the concession will result in the maximum recovery for the Company.  
 Loans modified as TDRs are placed on non-accrual status until we determine that future collection of principal and interest is reasonably
assured. This generally requires that the borrower demonstrate performance according to the restructured terms for at least six consecutive months. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, new TDRs primarily consisted of a single
multi-family loan with a current balance of $8.3 million.   At September 30, 2016, loans on which concessions were made with respect to rate
reductions and/or extension of maturity dates totaled $16.6 million; loans in connection with which forbearance agreements were reached totaled $2.8 million at that date.  
      62  

Table of Contents  

  Based on the number of loans performing in accordance with their revised terms, our success rates
for restructured multi-family loans, CRE loans, one-to-four family loans, and other loans were 100%, 100%, 89%, and 70%, respectively, at September 30, 2016. There were no restructured ADC loans at that date.  
  Analysis of Troubled Debt Restructurings   
 The following table sets forth the changes in our TDRs over the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   On a limited basis, we may provide additional credit to a borrower after a loan has been placed on non-accrual
status or modified as a TDR if, in management s judgment, the value of the property after the additional loan funding is greater than the initial value of the property plus the additional loan funding amount. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, no such additions were made. Furthermore, the terms of our restructured loans typically would not restrict us from cancelling outstanding commitments for other credit facilities to a borrower in the event of non-payment of a
restructured loan.    Except for the non-accrual loans and TDRs disclosed in this filing, we did not have any potential problem loans at the
end of the current third quarter that would have caused management to have serious doubts as to the ability of a borrower to comply with present loan repayment terms and that would have resulted in such disclosure if that were the case.  
      63  

Table of Contents  

   Asset Quality Analysis (Excluding Covered Loans, Covered OREO, Non-Covered PCI Loans, and Non-Covered Loans
Held for Sale)     The following table presents information regarding our consolidated allowance for losses on non-covered loans, our
non-performing non-covered assets, and our non-covered loans 30 to 89 days past due at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Covered loans and non-covered PCI loans are considered to be performing due to the application of the yield
accretion method, as discussed elsewhere in this report. Therefore, covered loans and non-covered PCI loans are not reflected in the amounts or ratios provided in this table.      

(3) 
 Average loans include covered loans.    
 
      64  

Table of Contents  

    Covered Loans and Covered Other Real Estate Owned    
 The credit risk associated with the assets acquired in our AmTrust transaction in December 2009 and our Desert Hills transaction in March 2010
has been substantially mitigated by our loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. Under the terms of the loss sharing agreements, the FDIC agreed to reimburse us for 80% of losses (and share in 80% of any recoveries) up to a specified threshold with
respect to the loans and OREO acquired in the transactions, and to reimburse us for 95% of any losses (and share in 95% of any recoveries) with respect to the acquired assets beyond that threshold. The loss sharing (and reimbursement) agreements
applicable to one-to-four family mortgage loans and HELOCs are effective for a ten-year period from the date of acquisition. Under the loss sharing agreements applicable to all other covered loans and OREO, the FDIC reimbursed us for losses for a
five-year period from the date of acquisition which has since expired; the period for sharing in recoveries on all other covered loans and OREO extends for a period of eight years from the acquisition date.  
 We consider our covered loans to be performing due to the application of the yield accretion method under ASC 310-30, which allows us to
aggregate credit-impaired loans acquired in the same fiscal quarter into one or more pools, provided that the loans have common risk characteristics. A pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an
aggregate expectation of cash flows. Accordingly, loans that may have been classified as non-performing loans by AmTrust or Desert Hills were no longer classified as non-performing at the respective dates of acquisition because we believed at
that time that we would fully collect the new carrying value of those loans. The new carrying value represents the contractual balance, reduced by the portion expected to be uncollectible (referred to as the  non-accretable difference )
and by an accretable yield (discount) that is recognized as interest income. It is important to note that management s judgment is required in reclassifying loans subject to ASC 310-30 as performing loans, and is dependent on having a
reasonable expectation about the timing and amount of the cash flows to be collected, even if a loan is contractually past due.    In
connection with the AmTrust and Desert Hills loss sharing agreements, we established FDIC loss share receivables of $740.0 million and $69.6 million, respectively, which were the acquisition date fair values of the respective loss sharing
agreements (i.e., the expected reimbursements from the FDIC over the terms of the agreements). The loss share receivables increase if the losses increase, and decrease if the losses fall short of the expected amounts. Increases in estimated
reimbursements are recognized in income in the same period that they are identified and that the allowance for losses on the related covered loans is recognized.  
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded FDIC indemnification expense of $4.8 million and $4.3 million, respectively,
in  Non-interest income  in connection with the recovery of $6.0 million and $5.4 million from the allowance for losses on covered loans. Please see the discussion of FDIC indemnification expense that appears under  Non-interest
income  later in this report.    Decreases in estimated reimbursements from the FDIC, if any, are recognized in income prospectively
over the life of the related covered loans (or, if shorter, over the remaining term of the loss sharing agreement). Related additions to the accretable yield on covered loans will be recognized in income prospectively over the lives of the loans.
Gains and recoveries on covered assets will offset losses, or be paid to the FDIC at the applicable loss share percentage at the time of recovery.  
 The loss share receivables may also increase due to accretion, or decrease due to amortization. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, we recorded amortization of $36.4 million and $37.6 million, respectively. Accretion of the FDIC loss share receivable relates to the difference between the discounted, versus the undiscounted, expected cash flows of covered loans subject
to the FDIC loss sharing agreements. Amortization occurs when the expected cash flows from the covered loan portfolio improve, thus reducing the amounts receivable from the FDIC. These cash flows are discounted to reflect the uncertainty of the
timing and receipt of the loss sharing reimbursements from the FDIC. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we received FDIC reimbursements of $10.1 million and $19.2 million, respectively.  
      65  

Table of Contents  

   Asset Quality Analysis (Including Covered Loans, Covered OREO, and Non-Covered PCI Loans)   
 The following table presents information regarding our non-performing assets and loans past due at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, including covered loans and covered OREO (collectively,  covered assets ), and non-covered PCI loans:      
 
      66  

Table of Contents  

   Geographical Analysis of Non-Performing Loans (Non-Covered Loans, and Covered Loans, and Non-Covered PCI
Loans)     The following table presents a geographical analysis of our non-performing loans at September 30, 2016:  

Securities    
 Securities represented $3.8 billion, or 7.7%, of total assets at the end of September, a $163.8 million decrease from the June 30th balance,
which represented 8.1% of total assets, and a $2.4 billion reduction from the balance at December 31, 2015, which represented 12.3%. The respective reductions were largely attributable to calls of securities as market interest rates declined,
particularly in the first quarter of 2016.    Held-to-maturity securities represented $3.7 billion, or 95.8%, of total securities at the end
of September, down $2.3 billion from the balance at December 31, 2015. The fair value of securities held to maturity represented 106.6% and 102.3% of their respective carrying values at the corresponding dates. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, mortgage-related securities accounted for $3.4 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively, of securities held to maturity; other securities represented $300.5 million and $2.4 billion, respectively, at the corresponding dates.  
 GSE obligations represented $3.4 billion of held-to-maturity securities at the end of the current third quarter, while capital trust notes,
corporate bonds, and municipal obligations represented $65.7 million, $74.1 million, and $72.2 million, respectively, at that date. At December 31, 2015, GSE obligations accounted for $5.8 billion of held-to-maturity securities, while capital
trust notes and corporate bonds represented $65.6 million and $73.8 million, respectively. The estimated weighted average life of the held-to-maturity securities portfolio was 5.9 years and 6.5 years at the respective period-ends.  
 Available-for-sale securities represented the remaining $161.1 million, or 4.2%, of total securities at the end of September, up $6.9 million
from the June 30th balance and down $43.1 million from the balance at December 31st. While the June 30th balance consisted entirely of other securities, the balances at the ends of September and December included $153.3 million and $150.4
million, respectively, of other securities and $7.8 million and $53.9 million, respectively, of mortgage-related securities.      Federal Home Loan Bank
Stock      As members of the FHLB-NY, the Community Bank and the Commercial Bank are required to acquire and hold shares of the
FHLB-NY s capital stock. At September 30, 2016, the Community Bank and the Commercial Bank held $562.0 million and $24.4 million, respectively, of stock in the FHLB-NY. FHLB-NY stock continued to be valued at par, with no impairment
required at that date.    In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, dividends from the FHLB-NY to the Community Bank totaled $19.2
million and dividends from the FHLB-NY to the Commercial Bank totaled $1.1 million.      Sources of Funds    
 The Parent Company (i.e., the Company on an unconsolidated basis) has four primary funding sources for the payment of dividends, share
repurchases, and other corporate uses: dividends paid to the Company by the Banks; capital raised through the issuance of stock; funding raised through the issuance of debt instruments; and repayments of, and income from, investment securities.  

      67  

Table of Contents  

  On a consolidated basis, our funding primarily stems from a combination of the following sources:
deposits; borrowed funds, primarily in the form of wholesale borrowings; the cash flows generated through the repayment and sale of loans; and the cash flows generated through the repayment and sale of securities.  
 Loan repayments and sales totaled $9.1 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $12.0 billion in the year-earlier
nine months. Cash flows from the repayment and sale of securities totaled $2.7 billion and $617.2 million, respectively, in the corresponding periods, while purchases of securities totaled $281.9 million and $276.5 million, respectively.  
   Deposits      Our ability to retain
and attract deposits depends on numerous factors, including customer satisfaction, the rates of interest we pay, the types of products we offer, and the attractiveness of their terms. That said, there have been times that we ve chosen not to
compete actively for deposits, depending on our access to deposits through acquisitions, the availability of lower-cost funding sources, the impact of competition on pricing, and the need to fund our loan demand.  
 The balance of deposits rose $712.8 million to $29.1 billion over the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase was primarily
driven by a $424.9 million increase in non-interest-bearing accounts to $2.9 billion and a $265.6 million rise in NOW and money market accounts to $13.3 billion. While the balance of CDs rose $2.1 billion during this time to $7.4 billion, the
benefit was largely offset by a $2.0 billion reduction in savings accounts to $5.5 billion. The changes in CDs and savings accounts reflect the maturity of certain savings accounts in the first nine months of the year and our customers 
subsequent transfer of those funds into CDs. Reflecting the nine-month increase, CDs represented 25.3% of total deposits at the end of September, as compared to 18.7% at year-end 2015.  
 Included in the balance of deposits at the end of September were institutional deposits of $2.9 billion and municipal deposits of $583.8
million, as compared to $2.8 billion and $733.4 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015. Brokered deposits fell $65.3 million to $3.9 billion during this time, as brokered checking accounts dropped $78.9 million to $1.4 billion, and brokered
money market accounts rose $13.6 million to $2.5 billion. We had no brokered CDs at either of those dates. The extent to which we accept brokered deposits depends on various factors, including the availability and pricing of such wholesale
funding sources, and the availability and pricing of other sources of funds.      Borrowed Funds    
 Borrowed funds consist primarily of wholesale borrowings (i.e., FHLB-NY advances, repurchase agreements, and fed funds purchased) and, to a far
lesser extent, junior subordinated debentures. At September 30, 2016, borrowed funds totaled $14.0 billion, reflecting a $1.7 billion decline from the balance at December 31, 2015.  
  Wholesale Borrowings     Wholesale
borrowings totaled $13.6 billion at the end of September, a $1.7 billion decrease from the balance at December 31st. Largely reflecting the nine-month decline, wholesale borrowings represented 27.6% of total assets at the end of the current
third quarter as compared to 30.6% of total assets at the end of 2015. The reduction in wholesale borrowings largely reflects our use of the cash flows from securities calls and repayments to pay down our short-term FHLB-NY advances, particularly in
the first three months of this year.    While FHLB-NY advances declined $1.9 billion in the first nine months of the year to $11.6 billion,
the balance of repurchase agreements held steady at $1.5 billion and the balance of fed funds purchased rose $134.0 million to $560.0 million.  
 Reflecting the debt repositioning that took place in the fourth quarter of 2015, none of our wholesale borrowings had call or put options at
September 30, 2016.     Junior Subordinated Debentures   
 Junior subordinated debentures totaled $358.8 million at the end of September, comparable to the balance at December 31st.  
   Asset and Liability Management and the Management of Interest Rate Risk    
 We manage our assets and liabilities to reduce our exposure to changes in market interest rates. The asset and liability management process has
three primary objectives: to evaluate the interest rate risk inherent in certain balance sheet accounts; to determine the appropriate level of risk, given our business strategy, operating environment, capital and liquidity requirements, and
performance objectives; and to manage that risk in a manner consistent with guidelines approved by the Boards of Directors of the Company, the Community Bank, and the Commercial Bank.  
      68  

Table of Contents  

    Market Risk    
 As a financial institution, we are focused on reducing our exposure to interest rate volatility, which represents our primary market risk.
Changes in market interest rates pose the greatest challenge to our financial performance, as such changes can have a significant impact on the level of income and expense recorded on a large portion of our interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities, and on the market value of all interest-earning assets, other than those possessing a short term to maturity. To reduce our exposure to changing rates, the Boards of Directors and management monitor interest rate
sensitivity on a regular or as needed basis so that adjustments to the asset and liability mix can be made when deemed appropriate.    The
actual duration of held-for-investment mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities can be significantly impacted by changes in prepayment levels and market interest rates. The level of prepayments may be impacted by a variety of factors,
including the economy in the region where the underlying mortgages were originated; seasonal factors; demographic variables; and the assumability of the underlying mortgages. However, the largest determinants of prepayments are market interest rates
and the availability of refinancing opportunities.    In the first nine months of 2016, we managed our interest rate risk by taking the
following actions: (1) We continued to emphasize the origination and retention of intermediate-term assets, primarily in the form of multi-family and CRE loans; and (2) We continued the origination of certain C I loans that feature
floating interest rates. In addition, we continued to benefit from the strategic debt repositioning that took place in the fourth quarter of 2015 through the prepayment of $10.4 billion of wholesale borrowings and their replacement at half the
average cost (i.e., from 3.16% to 1.58%).    In connection with the activities of our mortgage banking operation, we enter into contingent
commitments to fund or purchase residential mortgage loans by a specified future date at a stated interest rate and corresponding price. Such commitments, which are generally known as interest rate lock commitments ( IRLCs ), are
considered to be financial derivatives and, as such, are carried at fair value.    To mitigate the interest rate risk associated with our
IRLCs, we enter into forward commitments to sell mortgage loans or mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ) by a specified future date and at a specified price. These forward-sale agreements are also carried at fair value. Such forward
commitments to sell generally obligate us to complete the transaction as agreed, and therefore pose a risk to us if we are not able to deliver the loans or MBS pursuant to the terms of the applicable forward-sale agreement. For example, if we are
unable to meet our obligation, we may be required to pay a fee to the counterparty.    When we retain the servicing on the loans we sell, we
capitalize an MSR asset. Residential MSRs are recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded as a component of non-interest income. We estimate the fair value of the MSR asset based upon a number of factors, including current and
expected loan prepayment rates, economic conditions, and market forecasts, as well as relevant characteristics of the associated underlying loans. Generally, when market interest rates decline, loan prepayments increase as customers refinance their
existing mortgages to take advantage of more favorable interest rate terms. When a mortgage prepays, or when loans are expected to prepay earlier than originally expected, a portion of the anticipated cash flows associated with servicing these loans
is terminated or reduced, which can result in a reduction in the fair value of the capitalized MSRs and a corresponding reduction in earnings.  
 To mitigate the prepayment risk inherent in residential MSRs, we could sell the servicing of the loans we produce, and thus minimize the
potential for earnings volatility. Instead, we have opted to mitigate such risk by investing in exchange-traded derivative financial instruments that are expected to experience opposite and partially offsetting changes in fair value as related to
the value of our residential MSRs.      Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis    
 The matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are  interest rate
sensitive  and by monitoring a bank s interest rate sensitivity  gap.  An asset or liability is said to be interest rate sensitive within a specific time frame if it will mature or reprice within that period of time. The interest
rate sensitivity gap is defined as the difference between the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within a specific time frame and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within that same period of time.
   In a rising interest rate environment, an institution with a negative gap would generally be expected, absent the effects of other
factors, to experience a greater increase in the cost of its interest-bearing liabilities than it would in the yield on its interest-earning assets, thus producing a decline in its net interest income. Conversely, in a declining rate environment, an
institution with a negative gap would generally be expected to experience a lesser reduction in the yield on its interest-earning assets than it would in the cost of its interest-bearing liabilities, thus producing an increase in its net interest
income.  
      69  

Table of Contents  

  In a rising interest rate environment, an institution with a positive gap would generally be
expected to experience a greater increase in the yield on its interest-earning assets than it would in the cost of its interest-bearing liabilities, thus producing an increase in its net interest income. Conversely, in a declining rate environment,
an institution with a positive gap would generally be expected to experience a lesser reduction in the cost of its interest-bearing liabilities than it would in the yield on its interest-earning assets, thus producing a decline in its net interest
income.    At September 30, 2016, our one-year gap was a negative 20.41%, as compared to a negative 17.77% at December 31, 2015. The
264-basis point change was largely due to an increase in deposits repricing within one year combined with a decrease in securities maturing within one year, both of which were partially offset by a decline in borrowings due to reprice within the
next twelve months.    The table on the following page sets forth the amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities
outstanding at September 30, 2016 which, based on certain assumptions stemming from our historical experience, are expected to reprice or mature in each of the future time periods shown. Except as stated below, the amounts of assets and liabilities
shown as repricing or maturing during a particular time period were determined in accordance with the earlier of (1) the term to repricing, or (2) the contractual terms of the asset or liability.  
 The table provides an approximation of the projected repricing of assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016 on the basis of contractual
maturities, anticipated prepayments, and scheduled rate adjustments within a three-month period and subsequent selected time intervals. For residential mortgage-related securities, prepayment rates are forecasted at a weighted average constant
prepayment rate ( CPR ) of 32% per annum; for multi-family and CRE loans, prepayment rates are forecasted at weighted average CPRs of 22% and 17% per annum, respectively. Borrowed funds were not assumed to prepay. Savings, NOW,
and money market accounts were assumed to decay based on a comprehensive statistical analysis that incorporated our historical deposit experience. Based on the results of this analysis, savings accounts were assumed to decay at a rate of 58% for the
first five years and 42% for years six through ten. NOW accounts were assumed to decay at a rate of 75% for the first five years and 25% for years six through ten. The decay assumptions reflect the prolonged low interest rate environment and the
uncertainty regarding future depositor behavior. Including those accounts having specified repricing dates, money market accounts were assumed to decay at a rate of 72% for the first five years and 28% for years six through ten.  
      70  

Table of Contents  

   Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis   

(1) 
 For the purpose of the gap analysis, non-performing non-covered loans and the allowances for loan losses have been excluded.    

(2) 
 Mortgage-related and other securities, including FHLB stock, are shown at their respective carrying amounts.    

(3) 
 Expected amount based, in part, on historical experience.    

(4) 
 The interest rate sensitivity gap per period represents the difference between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.    
      71  

Table of Contents  

  Prepayment and deposit decay rates can have a significant impact on our estimated gap. While we
believe our assumptions to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that the assumed prepayment and decay rates will approximate actual future loan and securities prepayments and deposit withdrawal activity.  
 To validate our prepayment assumptions for our multi-family and CRE loan portfolios, we perform a monthly analysis, during which we review our
historical prepayment rates and compare them to our projected prepayment rates. We continually review the actual prepayment rates to ensure that our projections are as accurate as possible, since prepayments on these types of loans are not as
closely correlated to changes in interest rates as prepayments on one-to-four family loans would be. In addition, we review the call provisions in our borrowings and investment portfolios and, on a monthly basis, compare the actual calls to our
projected calls to ensure that our projections are reasonable.    As of September 30, 2016, the impact of a 100-basis point decline in
market interest rates would have increased our projected prepayment rates for multi-family and CRE loans by a constant prepayment rate of 1.96% per annum. Conversely, the impact of a 100-basis point increase in market interest rates would have
decreased our projected prepayment rates for multi-family and CRE loans by a constant prepayment rate of 2.72% per annum.    Certain
shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the preceding Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in different
degrees to changes in market interest rates. The interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of the market, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market interest rates. Additionally,
certain assets, such as adjustable-rate loans, have features that restrict changes in interest rates both on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. Furthermore, in the event of a change in interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal
levels would likely deviate from those assumed in calculating the table. Also, the ability of some borrowers to repay their adjustable-rate loans may be adversely impacted by an increase in market interest rates.  
 Interest rate sensitivity is also monitored through the use of a model that generates estimates of the change in our net portfolio value
( NPV ) over a range of interest rate scenarios. NPV is defined as the net present value of expected cash flows from assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet contracts. The NPV ratio, under any interest rate scenario, is defined as the
NPV in that scenario divided by the market value of assets in the same scenario. The model assumes estimated loan prepayment rates, reinvestment rates, and deposit decay rates similar to those utilized in formulating the preceding Interest Rate
Sensitivity Analysis.    Based on the information and assumptions in effect at September 30, 2016, the following table reflects the
estimated percentage change in our NPV, assuming the changes in interest rates noted:      

(1) 
 The impact of 100- and 200-basis point reductions in interest rates is not presented in view of the current level of the fed funds rate and other short-term interest rates.    
 The net changes in NPV presented in the preceding table are within the parameters approved by the Boards of Directors of the Company and the
Banks.    As with the Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis, certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodology used in the preceding
interest rate risk measurements. Modeling changes in NPV requires that certain assumptions be made which may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. In this regard, the NPV Analysis
presented above assumes that the composition of our interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured, and also assumes that a particular change in interest rates is
reflected uniformly across the yield curve, regardless of the duration to maturity or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Furthermore, the model does not take into account the benefit of any strategic actions we may take to further reduce
our exposure to interest rate risk. Accordingly, while the NPV Analysis provides an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to, and do not, provide a precise forecast of the
effect of changes in market interest rates on our net interest income, and may very well differ from actual results.    We also utilize an
internal net interest income simulation to manage our sensitivity to interest rate risk. The simulation incorporates various market-based assumptions regarding the impact of changing interest rates on future levels of our financial assets and
liabilities. The assumptions used in the net interest income simulation are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ significantly from those presented in the following table, due to the frequency, timing, and magnitude of changes in interest
rates; changes in spreads between maturity and repricing categories; and prepayments, among other factors, coupled with any actions taken to counter the effects of any such changes.  
      72  

Table of Contents  

  Based on the information and assumptions in effect at September 30, 2016, the following table
reflects the estimated percentage change in future net interest income for the next twelve months, assuming the changes in interest rates noted:      

(1) 
 In general, short- and long-term rates are assumed to increase in parallel fashion across all four quarters and then remain unchanged.    

(2) 
 The impact of 100- and 200-basis point reductions in interest rates is not presented in view of the current level of the fed funds rate and other short-term interest rates.    
 Future changes in our mix of assets and liabilities may result in greater changes to our gap, NPV, and/or net interest income simulation.  
 In the event that our net interest income and NPV sensitivities were to breach our internal policy limits, we would undertake the following
actions to ensure that appropriate remedial measures were put in place:      

Our Management Asset and Liability Committee (the  ALCO Committee ) would inform the Board of Directors of the variance, and present recommendations to the Board regarding proposed courses of action to restore
conditions to within-policy tolerances.        

In formulating appropriate strategies, the ALCO Committee would ascertain the primary causes of the variance from policy tolerances, the expected term of such conditions, and the projected effect on capital and
earnings.      Where temporary changes in market conditions or volume levels result in significant increases in risk, strategies
may involve reducing open positions or employing synthetic hedging techniques to more immediately reduce risk exposure. Where variance from policy tolerances is triggered by more fundamental imbalances in the risk profiles of core loan and deposit
products, a remedial strategy may involve restoring balance through natural hedges to the extent possible before employing synthetic hedging techniques. Other strategies might include:  

Asset restructuring, involving sales of assets having higher risk profiles, or a gradual restructuring of the asset mix over time to affect the maturity or repricing schedule of assets;    

Liability restructuring, whereby product offerings and pricing are altered or wholesale borrowings are employed to affect the maturity structure or repricing of liabilities;    

Expansion or shrinkage of the balance sheet to correct imbalances in the repricing or maturity periods between assets and liabilities; and/or    

Use or alteration of off-balance sheet positions, including interest rate swaps, caps, floors, options, and forward purchase or sales commitments.    
 In connection with our net interest income simulation modeling, we also evaluate the impact of changes in the slope of the yield curve. At
September 30, 2016, our analysis indicated that an immediate inversion of the yield curve would be expected to result in a 4.76% decrease in net interest income; conversely, an immediate steepening of the yield curve would be expected to result in a
3.84% increase.      Liquidity      We
manage our liquidity to ensure that cash flows are sufficient to support our operations, and to compensate for any temporary mismatches between sources and uses of funds caused by variable loan and deposit demand.  
 We monitor our liquidity daily to ensure that sufficient funds are available to meet our financial obligations. Our most liquid assets are
cash and cash equivalents, which totaled $771.8 million and $537.7 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As in the past, our portfolios of loans and securities provided liquidity in the current nine-month period,
with cash flows from the repayment and sale of loans totaling $9.1 billion and cash flows from the repayment and sale of securities totaling $2.7 billion.  
      73  

Table of Contents  

  Additional liquidity stems from the retail, institutional, and municipal deposits we gather and
from our use of wholesale funding sources, including brokered deposits and wholesale borrowings. We also have access to the Banks  approved lines of credit with various counterparties, including the FHLB-NY. The availability of these wholesale
funding sources is generally based on the available amount of mortgage loan collateral under a blanket lien we have pledged to the respective institutions and, to a lesser extent, the available amount of securities that may be pledged to
collateralize our borrowings. At September 30, 2016, our available borrowing capacity with the FHLB-NY was $7.7 billion. In addition, the Banks had $159.1 million of available-for-sale securities, combined, at that date.  
 Furthermore, both the Community Bank and the Commercial Bank have agreements with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the
 FRB-NY ) that enable them to access the discount window as a further means of enhancing their liquidity if need be. In connection with their agreements, the Banks have pledged certain loans and securities to collateralize any funds they
may borrow. At September 30, 2016, the maximum amount the Community Bank could borrow from the FRB-NY was $1.3 billion; the maximum amount the Commercial Bank could borrow from the FRB-NY was $130.5 million. There were no borrowings against either
of these lines of credit at that date.    Our primary investing activity is loan production. In the first nine months of 2016, the volume of
loans originated for investment was $7.2 billion. During this time, the net cash provided by investing activities totaled $1.1 billion. Our operating activities provided net cash of $395.8 million in the current nine-month period, while the net cash
used in our financing activities totaled $1.3 billion.    CDs due to mature in one year or less from September 30, 2016 totaled $7.0
billion, representing 95.0% of total CDs at that date. Our ability to retain these CDs and to attract new deposits depends on numerous factors, including customer satisfaction, the rates of interest we pay on our deposits, the types of products we
offer, and the attractiveness of their terms. However, there are times when we may choose not to compete for such deposits, depending on the availability of lower-cost funding, the competitiveness of the market and its impact on pricing, and our
need for such deposits to fund loan demand, as previously discussed.    The Parent Company is a separate legal entity from each of the Banks
and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to operating expenses and any share repurchases, the Parent Company is responsible for paying dividends declared to our shareholders. As a Delaware corporation, the Parent Company is able to pay
dividends either from surplus or, in case there is no surplus, from net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Due to the prepayment charge incurred in the fourth quarter of 2015 in connection
with the aforementioned debt repositioning, dividends to be paid by the Company in November 2016 required regulatory clearance, which was received.  
 The Parent Company s ability to pay dividends may depend, in part, upon the dividends it receives from the Banks. The ability of the
Community Bank and the Commercial Bank to pay dividends and other capital distributions to the Parent Company is generally limited by New York State banking law and regulations, and by certain regulations of the FDIC. In addition, the Superintendent
of the New York State Department of Financial Services (the  Superintendent ), the FDIC, and the FRB, for reasons of safety and soundness, may prohibit the payment of dividends that are otherwise permissible by regulations.  
 Under New York State Banking Law, a New York State-chartered stock-form savings bank or commercial bank may declare and pay dividends out of
its net profits, unless there is an impairment of capital. However, the approval of the Superintendent is required if the total of all dividends declared in a calendar year would exceed the total of a bank s net profits for that year, combined
with its retained net profits for the preceding two years. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Banks paid dividends totaling $250.0 million to the Parent Company, leaving $180.6 million they could dividend to the Parent Company without
regulatory approval at that date. If either of the Banks were to apply to the Superintendent for approval to make a dividend or capital distribution in excess of the dividend amounts permitted under the regulations, there can be no assurance that
such application would be approved. Additional sources of liquidity available to the Parent Company at the end of September included $66.0 million in cash and cash equivalents and $2.0 million of available-for-sale securities.  
  Derivative Financial Instruments     We use
various financial instruments, including derivatives, in connection with our strategies to mitigate or reduce our exposure to losses from adverse changes in interest rates. Our derivative financial instruments consist of financial forward and
futures contracts, IRLCs, swaps, and options, and relate to our mortgage banking operation, residential MSRs, and other risk management activities. These activities will vary in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates, the types of
assets held, and other changing market conditions. At September 30, 2016, we held derivative financial instruments with a notional value of $3.7 billion. (Please see Note 12,  Derivative Financial Instruments,  for a further
discussion of our use of such financial instruments.)  
      74  

Table of Contents  

    Capital Position    
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, stockholders  equity rose $155.8 million to $6.1 billion, representing 12.31% of total assets
and a book value of $12.50. The December 31, 2015 balance represented 11.79% of total assets and a book value per share of $12.24.  
 We calculate book value per share by dividing the amount of stockholders  equity at the end of a period by the number of shares
outstanding at the same date. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had outstanding shares of 487,066,151 and 484,943,308, respectively.  
 Tangible stockholders  equity rose $157.8 million in the first nine months of this year to $3.7 billion, after the distribution of
quarterly cash dividends totaling $248.1 million. The September 30th balance represented 7.77% of tangible assets and a tangible book value per share of $7.50. At December 31, 2015, tangible stockholders equity equaled $3.5 billion and
represented 7.30% of tangible assets and a tangible book value per share of $7.21.    We calculate tangible stockholders  equity by
subtracting the amount of goodwill and CDI recorded at the end of a period from the amount of stockholders  equity recorded at the same date. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we recorded goodwill of $2.4 billion; we recorded
CDI of $605,000 and $2.6 million, respectively, at the corresponding dates. (Please see the discussion and reconciliations of stockholders  equity and tangible stockholders  equity, total assets and tangible assets, and the related
financial measures that appear earlier in this report.)    Both stockholders  equity and tangible stockholders  equity include
AOCL, which declined $5.7 million from the balance at the end of December to $51.3 million at September 30, 2016. The reduction was the result of a $1.7 million increase in the net unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax, to
$4.7 million; a $4.0 million decrease in pension and post-retirement obligations, net of tax, to $50.7 million; and a nominal decline in the net unrealized loss on the non-credit portion of OTTI losses, net of tax, to $5.3 million.  
 At September 30, 2016, our capital measures continued to exceed the minimum federal requirements for a bank holding company. The following
table sets forth our Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 risk-based, total risk-based, and leverage capital amounts and ratios on a consolidated basis, as well as the respective minimum regulatory capital requirements, at that date:  
  Regulatory Capital Analysis (the Company)       
   In accordance with Basel III, the inclusion of trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital which was
reduced from 100% in 2014 to 25% in 2015 is now completely phased out.    In addition, Basel III calls for the phase-in of a capital
conservation buffer over a five-year period beginning with 0.625% in 2016 and reaching 2.50% in 2019, when fully phased in. At September 30, 2016, our total risk-based capital ratio exceeded the minimum requirement for capital adequacy purposes
by 372 basis points and the fully-phased in capital conservation buffer by 122 basis points.  
      75  

Table of Contents  

  As reflected in the following tables, the capital ratios for the Community Bank and the
Commercial Bank also continued to exceed the minimum regulatory capital levels required at September 30, 2016:     Regulatory Capital Analysis (New York
Community Bank)       
    Regulatory Capital Analysis (New York Commercial Bank)   
   
   As of September 30, 2016, the Community Bank and the Commercial Bank also exceeded the minimum capital
requirements to be categorized as  well capitalized.  To be categorized as well capitalized, a bank must maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.50%; a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.00%; a minimum total risk-based
capital ratio of 10.00%; and a minimum leverage capital ratio of 5.00%.      Earnings Summary for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    
 We generated earnings of $125.3 million in the current third quarter, as compared to $126.5 million and $114.7 million, respectively, in the
trailing and year-earlier three months. All three quarter s earnings were equivalent to $0.26 per diluted share.    The number of
shares used in the computation of diluted earnings per share in the current third and trailing quarters reflects the issuance of 40,625,000 shares in the fourth quarter of 2015 through a secondary common stock offering announced on October 29,
2015.       Net Interest Income    
 Net interest income is our primary source of income. Its level is a function of the average balance of our interest-earning assets, the average
balance of our interest-bearing liabilities, and the spread between the yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing
liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by various external factors, including the local economy, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the FOMC, and market interest rates.  
 The cost of our deposits and short-term borrowed funds is largely based on short-term rates of interest, the level of which is partially
impacted by the actions of the FOMC. The FOMC reduces, maintains, or increases the target fed funds rate (the rate at which banks borrow funds overnight from one another) as it deems necessary. On December 17, 2015, the FOMC raised the target fed
funds rate for the first and only time since it was lowered to a range of 0% to 0.25% in the fourth quarter of 2008. The FOMC has maintained the rate at a range of 0.25% to 0.50% since December 17, 2015.  
 While the target fed funds rate generally impacts the cost of our short-term borrowings and deposits, the yields on our held-for-investment
loans and other interest-earning assets are typically impacted by intermediate-term market interest rates. In the third quarter of 2016, the average five-year CMT was 1.13%, as compared to 1.24% and 1.56%, respectively, in the trailing and
year-earlier quarters. The average ten-year CMT was 1.56% in the current third quarter, as compared to 1.75% and 2.22%, respectively, in the corresponding periods.  
      76  

Table of Contents  

  Net interest income is also influenced by the level of prepayment income generated in connection
with the prepayment of our multi-family and CRE loans, as well as securities. Since prepayment income is recorded as interest income, an increase or decrease in its level will also be reflected in the average yields (as applicable) on our loans,
securities, and interest-earning assets, and therefore in our interest rate spread and net interest margin.   It should be noted that the
level of prepayment income on loans recorded in any given period depends on the volume of loans that refinance or prepay during that time. Such activity is largely dependent on such external factors as current market conditions, including real
estate values, and the perceived or actual direction of market interest rates. In addition, while a decline in market interest rates may trigger an increase in refinancing and, therefore, prepayment income, so too may an increase in market interest
rates. It is not unusual for borrowers to lock in lower interest rates when they expect, or see, that market interest rates are rising rather than risk refinancing later at a still higher interest rate.  
 Net interest income totaled $318.4 million in the current third quarter, reflecting a sequential decrease of $7.2 million and a year-over-year
increase of $39.0 million. The linked-quarter decline was the net effect of a $3.5 million drop in interest income and a $3.6 million increase in interest expense. In contrast, the year-over-year increase was largely due to a $39.5 million reduction
in interest expense, as the benefit of the debt repositioning that took place in last year s fourth quarter resulted in a substantially lower cost of borrowed funds.  
 The linked-quarter decline in net interest income reflects the following factors:  

Interest income fell $3.5 million sequentially to $416.1 million as the impact of a six-basis point drop in the average yield, to 3.80%, on interest-earning assets exceeded the benefit of a $299.2 million rise in the
average balance of interest-earning assets to $43.8 billion.        

While the average yield on securities rose seven basis points sequentially to 4.33%, reflecting an increase in prepayment income, the average yield on loans declined eight basis points to 3.74% as prepayment income
declined. The contribution of prepayment income to the average yield on securities rose 11 basis points sequentially to 80 basis points in the current third quarter, while the contribution of prepayment income to the average yield on loans fell
five basis points to 14 basis points. The impact of the decline in the average yield on loans was somewhat tempered by a $483.4 million rise in the average balance to $39.3 billion, while the rise in the average yield on securities and money market
investments was somewhat tempered by a $184.2 million decline in the average balance, reflecting the aforementioned rise in securities calls.        

Interest expense rose $3.6 million sequentially to $97.7 million as the impact of a $456.7 million rise in average interest-bearing liabilities to $40.0 billion was coupled with a one-basis point rise in the average
cost of funds to 0.97%. While the rise in the average balance was largely attributable to a $415.8 million increase in average borrowed funds to $13.8 billion, the rise in the average cost was primarily due to a two-basis point increase in the
average cost of interest-bearing deposits to 0.66%. The average cost of borrowed funds fell three basis points quarter-over-quarter, while the average balance of interest-bearing deposits rose $40.9 million to $26.2 billion.    
 In contrast, the year-over-year increase in net interest income reflects the following factors:  

The interest income recorded in the current third quarter was fairly consistent with the interest income recorded in the year-earlier three months, as both the average balance of, and average yield on, interest-earning
assets held steady year-over-year.        

While the average balance of loans rose $2.9 billion year-over-year, reflecting the solid volume of loan originations, the average balance of securities and money market investments fell $2.9 billion during this time.
The latter decline was attributable to the significant volume of securities calls, primarily in the first quarter, in connection with the decrease in market interest rates. Largely reflecting a 73-basis point increase in the contribution of
prepayment income, the average yield on securities rose 114 basis points from the level recorded in the year-earlier three months. The average yield on interest-earning assets in the first nine months of this year was unchanged from the year-earlier
measure, as the related rise in the average yield on securities and money market investments was offset by a 19-basis point decline in the average yield on loans. Prepayment income contributed 26 basis points to the average yield on loans in the
year-earlier third quarter, exceeding the current third-quarter contribution by 12 basis points.        

The $39.5 million decline in interest expense from the year-earlier level was driven by a $43.2 million decline in interest expense on borrowed funds. Reflecting the significant benefit of the debt repositioning
previously mentioned, the average cost of borrowed funds fell 110 basis points to 1.55% in the current third quarter, while the average balance of such funds fell $719.9 million. The benefit of these declines more than offset the impact of a $393.6
million increase in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits to $26.2 billion, which was accompanied by a five-basis point rise in the average cost.    
      77  

Table of Contents  

   Net Interest Margin   
 At 2.91%, the margin was eight basis points narrower than the trailing-quarter measure and 35 basis points wider than the margin in the third
quarter of last year.   While the linked-quarter decline was largely attributable to the drop in the average yield on interest-earning
assets and the higher average cost of interest-bearing deposits, the year-over-year increase primarily reflects the benefit of the aforementioned strategic debt repositioning and the resultant decline in the average cost of borrowed funds. 
 The following table summarizes the contribution of prepayment income from loans and securities to our interest income and net interest margin
in the three months ended September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015:      
   The following table sets forth certain information regarding our average balance sheet for the quarters
indicated, including the average yields on our interest-earning assets and the average costs of our interest-bearing liabilities. Average yields are calculated by dividing the interest income produced by the average balance of interest-earning
assets. Average costs are calculated by dividing the interest expense produced by the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities. The average balances for the quarters are derived from average balances that are calculated daily. The average
yields and costs include fees, as well as premiums and discounts (including mark-to-market adjustments from acquisitions), that are considered adjustments to such average yields and costs.  
      78  

Table of Contents  

   Net Interest Income Analysis       

(1) 
 Amounts are net of net deferred loan origination costs/(fees) and the allowances for loan losses, and include loans held for sale and non-performing loans.    

(2) 
 Amounts are at amortized cost.    

(3) 
 Includes FHLB stock.    
      79  

Table of Contents  

    Provision for (Recovery of) Loan Losses    
   Provision for (Recovery of) Losses on Non-Covered Loans    
 The provision for losses on non-covered loans is based on the methodology used by management in calculating the allowance for losses on such
loans. Reflecting this methodology, which is discussed in detail under  Critical Accounting Policies,  we recorded provisions for non-covered loan losses of $1.2 million and $2.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016, respectively. By comparison, we recovered $512,000 from the non-covered loan loss allowance in the third quarter of 2015.     Recovery of
Losses on Covered Loans      A recovery of losses on covered loans is recorded when we have reason to believe that the cash flows from
certain pools of loans acquired in our FDIC-assisted transactions will exceed our expectations due to an improvement in their credit quality. Conversely, if we have reason to believe that the cash flows from certain pools of such acquired loans
will fall short of our expectations as a result of a decline in credit quality, we instead record a provision for losses on covered loans.  
 Reflecting our expectations, we recovered $1.3 million, $1.8 million, and $8.5 million from the allowance for covered loan losses in the three
months ended September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively.    Because our FDIC loss sharing agreements call for
the FDIC to share in any recoveries of covered loan losses and for the FDIC to reimburse us for a portion of our losses on covered loans we record FDIC indemnification expense in  Non-interest income  in the same period that a
recovery from the allowance for covered loan losses is recorded. The recoveries recorded in the aforementioned quarters were largely offset by FDIC indemnification expense of $1.0 million, $1.5 million, and $6.8 million, respectively, recorded
in  Non-interest income  in the corresponding periods.    In the event that we had recorded provisions for covered loan losses, we
would have recorded FDIC indemnification income in  Non-interest income  in the same periods.    For additional information about
our provisions for and recoveries of loan losses, please see the discussion of the allowances for loan losses under  Critical Accounting Policies  and the discussion of  Asset Quality  that appear earlier in this report.  
   Non-Interest Income      We generate
non-interest income through a variety of sources, including among others mortgage banking income; fee income (in the form of retail deposit fees and charges on loans); income from our investment in bank-owned life insurance
( BOLI  gains on the sale of securities; and revenues produced through the sale of third-party investment products and those produced through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Peter B. Cannell   Co., Inc. ( PBC ), an
investment advisory firm.    Non-interest income rose $3.2 million sequentially and $3.0 million year-over-year to $40.6 million in the
three months ended September 30, 2016. The respective increases were driven by mortgage banking income, which rose $6.0 million and $5.5 million, respectively, to $12.9 million from the levels recorded in the trailing and year-earlier three
months.                    The following table summarizes
our mortgage banking income for the periods indicated:      
   As reflected in the preceding table, income from originations accounted for $10.9 million of mortgage banking
income in the current third quarter, while servicing income accounted for the remaining $2.0 million. In the trailing and year-earlier quarters, income from originations was tempered by servicing losses as the effectiveness of hedging was adversely
impacted by the volatility of mortgage interest rates.    In addition to the increase in mortgage banking income, the linked-quarter rise in
non-interest income reflects modest gains in fee income and BOLI income, together with a modest reduction in FDIC indemnification expense. These contributing factors were nonetheless offset by a $2.4 million decline in the gain on sales of
loans to $3.5 million and a $1.9 million decrease in other non-interest income to $9.3 million.  
      80  

Table of Contents  

  While mortgage banking income contributed substantially to the year-over-year rise in
non-interest income, so too did a $5.8 million reduction in FDIC indemnification expense. The combined benefit of this decline and the rise in mortgage banking income was largely tempered by the combination of a $3.5 million reduction in the gain on
sales of loans from the year-earlier level and by a $4.6 million decline in other non-interest income from the year-earlier amount.   It
should be noted that the amount of mortgage banking income we record in any given quarter is likely to vary, and therefore is difficult to predict. The mortgage banking income we record depends in large part on the volume of loans originated which,
in turn, depends on a variety of factors, including changes in market interest rates and economic conditions, competition, refinancing activity, and loan demand.  
 The following table summarizes our non-interest income in the three months ended September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015:
    Non-Interest Income Analysis       
     Non-Interest Expense    
 Non-interest expense totaled $161.7 million in the current third quarter, modestly higher than the trailing-quarter level and $14.4 million
higher than the year-earlier amount. Operating expenses accounted for $158.9 million of the current third-quarter total, consistent with the level recorded in the second quarter of this year. While compensation and benefits expense and
occupancy and equipment expense rose modestly quarter-over-quarter, the combined increase was exceeded by a $1.0 million decline in G A expense.  
 Year-over-year, operating expenses were up $12.9 million in the current third quarter, largely reflecting a $12.6 million rise in G A
expense that was primarily attributable to an increase in FDIC deposit insurance premiums and a rise in professional service fees. While compensation and benefits expense rose $1.9 million year-over-year, to $86.1 million, the impact of said
increase was largely offset by a $1.6 million decline in occupancy and equipment expense to $24.3 million. Compensation and benefits expense rose year-over-year as we continued to expand certain back-office departments as part of our preparations to
comply with the regulatory requirements applicable to systematically important financial institutions ( SIFIs ).   Also included
in non-interest expense in the current third quarter was CDI amortization of $542,000 and merger-related expenses of $2.2 million in connection with our proposed merger with Astoria Financial. In the trailing quarter, CDI amortization totaled
$606,000 and merger-related expenses amounted to $1.3 million. CDI amortization totaled $1.3 million in the third quarter of 2015; there were no merger-related expenses recorded during that time.  
   Income Tax Expense      Income tax
expense totaled $72.1 million in the current third quarter, $2.6 million lower than the trailing-quarter level and $8.1 million higher than the year-earlier amount. The linked-quarter decline was attributable to a $3.7 million drop in pre-tax
income to $197.4 million and a decline in the effective tax rate to 36.52% from 37.13%. The year-over-year rise in income tax expense was attributable to an $18.7 million increase in pre-tax income to $197.4 million and an increase in the
effective tax rate from 35.83%.  
      81  

Table of Contents  

    Earnings Summary for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
 In the first nine months of 2016, we generated earnings of $381.7 million, or $0.78 per diluted share, as compared to earnings of $357.7
million, or $0.80 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2015.    The calculation of diluted earnings per share in the current
nine-month period reflects the issuance of 40,625,000 shares in the fourth quarter of 2015, as previously discussed in the earnings summary for the current three-month period.  
   Net Interest Income      Largely
reflecting the benefit of the fourth quarter 2015 debt repositioning previously mentioned, net interest income rose $114.6 million year-over-year to $971.9 million in the current nine-month period as the impact of a $7.6 million decline in interest
income to $1.3 billion was exceeded by the benefit of a $122.1 million decline in interest expense to $287.7 million. During this time, our net interest margin rose 32 basis points to 2.95%.  
 The following factors contributed to the year-over-year increase in our net interest income and margin:  

Average interest-earning assets rose $495.9 million year-over-year to $44.0 billion, the net effect of a $2.8 billion increase in average loans to $38.9 billion and a $2.3 billion reduction in average securities and
money market investments to $5.1 billion. The benefit of the higher average balance of interest-earning assets was partly offset by a seven-basis point reduction in the average yield to 3.82%. While the average yield on loans fell 23 basis points
year-over-year to 3.77%, the impact was largely tempered by an 86-basis point increase in the average yield on securities and money market investments, to 4.22%. The latter increase was primarily attributable to yield maintenance fees received on
securities that prepaid in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Specifically, prepayment income contributed 78 basis points to the average yield on securities in the current nine-month period, a 58-basis point increase from the
contribution in the year-earlier nine months. In contrast, prepayment income contributed 15 basis points and 30 basis points, respectively, to the average yield on loans in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    

Average interest-bearing liabilities rose $213.8 million year-over-year to $40.2 billion, as the average balance of interest-bearing deposits rose $225.0 million to $26.2 billion and the average balance of borrowed
funds fell a modest $11.2 million to $14.1 billion. The impact of the rise in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities was nonetheless exceeded by the benefit of a 42-basis point decline in the average cost of funds to 0.95%. The
latter decline was primarily due to the debt repositioning that took place in last year s fourth quarter, as the average cost of borrowed funds in the current nine-month period fell 121 basis points year-over-year to 1.53%. The latter
decline more than offset the impact of a two-basis point rise in the average cost of interest-bearing deposits to 0.64%.    
 The following table summarizes the contribution of prepayment income from loans and securities to the Company s interest income and net
interest margin in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      82  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth certain information regarding our average balance sheet for the
nine-month periods indicated, including the average yields on our interest-earning assets and the average costs of our interest-bearing liabilities. Average yields are calculated by dividing the interest income produced by the average balance of
interest-earning assets. Average costs are calculated by dividing the interest expense produced by the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities. The average balances for the nine-month periods are derived from average balances that are
calculated daily. The average yields and costs include fees, as well as premiums and discounts (including mark-to-market adjustments from acquisitions), that are considered adjustments to such average yields and costs.  
  Net Interest Income Analysis       

(1) 
 Amounts are net of net deferred loan origination costs/(fees) and the allowances for loan losses, and include loans held for sale and non-performing loans.    

(2) 
 Amounts are at amortized cost.    

(3) 
 Includes FHLB stock.        Provision for (Recovery of) Loan Losses    
   Provision for (Recovery of) Losses on Non-Covered Loans    
 Reflecting the methodology used by management to calculate the allowance for non-covered loan losses, we recorded a provision for losses on
non-covered loans of $6.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recovered $3.3 million from the allowance for losses on non-covered loans.  
   Recovery of Losses on Covered Loans    
 In the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, we recovered $6.0 million and $5.4 million, respectively, from the allowance for covered loan
losses, reflecting an increase in expected cash flows from certain pools of covered loans as their credit quality improved. In connection with the respective recoveries, we recorded FDIC indemnification expense of $4.8 million and $4.3 million in
 Non-interest income  during the corresponding periods.  
      83  

Table of Contents  

    Non-Interest Income    
 In the first nine months of 2016, we recorded non-interest income of $113.2 million, as compared to $151.7 million in the first nine months of
2015. The $38.5 million decline was primarily driven by a $17.8 million reduction in mortgage banking income to $24.0 million; a $14.2 million reduction in other income to $30.8 million; and a $6.6 million decline in the gain on sales of loans
to $15.1 million, as the volume of multi-family and CRE loans sold declined to $1.3 billion from $1.5 billion year-over-year.    As
reflected in the following table, the year-over-year decline in mortgage banking income was entirely driven by the servicing loss recorded in the current nine-month period. While income from originations rose modestly year-over-year, the
increase was more than offset by the $18.9 million difference between last year s servicing income and this year s servicing loss. The year-over-year decline in servicing income reflects a change in the valuation model assumptions
relating to MSRs and a decline in valuation during a period of unusual interest rate volatility.      
   The decline in other income in the current nine-month period was largely due to a $7.8 million gain on the
sale of an OREO property that occurred in the second quarter of 2015. No comparable gain was recorded in the first nine months of 2016.  
 The following table summarizes the components of non-interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  
  Non-Interest Income Analysis       
     Non-Interest Expense    
 In the first nine months of 2016, we recorded non-interest expense of $481.0 million, a $25.0 million increase from the level recorded in the
year-earlier nine months. Operating expenses accounted for $474.4 million of the current nine-month total, and were up $22.5 million from the year-earlier amount.  
 The rise in operating expenses was primarily due to a $19.1 million increase in G A expense to $139.3 million, including a $10.6 million
increase in FDIC deposit insurance premiums to $45.0 million and an increase in various professional service fees. In addition, compensation and benefits expense rose $6.8 million year-over-year to $261.2 million, largely reflecting the
expansion of certain back-office departments, as previously mentioned in the three-month discussion of non-interest expense.   The increase
in operating expenses was modestly tempered by a $3.4 million decline in occupancy and equipment expense to $73.8 million, primarily reflecting an increase in rental income in the first nine months of this year.  
      84  

Table of Contents  

  CDI amortization and merger-related expenses accounted for $2.0 million and $4.7 million,
respectively, of non-interest expense in the current nine-month period; while no merger expenses were recorded in the year-earlier nine months, CDI amortization totaled $4.2 million during that time.  
   Income Tax Expense      Income tax
expense rose $17.7 million year-over-year to $221.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During this time, pre-tax income rose $41.7 million to $603.4 million, while the effective tax rate rose to 36.74% from 36.32%.  
     ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about the Company s market risk were presented on pages 84-88 of our 2015 Annual Report on Form
10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on February 29, 2016. Subsequent changes in the Company s market risk profile and interest rate sensitivity are detailed in the discussion entitled  Asset
and Liability Management and the Management of Interest Rate Risk  earlier in this quarterly report.        ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 Disclosure controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    As of the end of the period
covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b), as adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period.  
   (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting.  
      85  

Table of Contents  

      PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings    
 Following the announcement on October 29, 2015 of the execution of the Company s merger agreement with Astoria Financial, six
putative class action lawsuits filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau, challenging the proposed merger between Astoria Financial Corporation ( Astoria Financial ) and New York Community Bancorp, Inc.
( NYCB ). These actions are captioned: (1) Sandra E. Weiss IRA v. Chrin, et al., Index No. 607132/2015 (filed November 4, 2015); (2) Raul v. Palleschi, et al., Index No. 607238/2015 (filed November 6, 2015);
(3) Lowinger v. Redman, et al., Index No. 607268/2015 (filed November 9, 2015); (4) Minzer v. Astoria Fin. Corp., et al., Index No. 607358/2015 (filed November 12, 2015); (5) MSS 12-09 Trust v. Palleschi, et al.,
Index No. 607472/2015 (filed November 13, 2015); and (6) Firemen s Ret. Sys. of St. Louis v. Keegan, et al., Index No. 607612/2015 (filed November 23, 2015 ). On January 15, 2016, the court consolidated the New
York Actions under the caption In re Astoria Financial Corporation Shareholders Litigation, Index No. 607132/2015 (the  New York Action ), and a consolidated amended complaint was filed on January 29, 2016. In addition, a seventh lawsuit
was filed challenging the proposed transaction in the Delaware Court of Chancery, captioned O Connell v. Astoria Financial Corp., et al., Case No. 11928 (filed January 22, 2016) (the  Delaware Action ).  
 Each of the lawsuits challenging the proposed transaction is a putative class action filed on behalf of the stockholders of Astoria Financial
and names as defendants Astoria Financial, its directors, and the Company. The complaint in the New York Action and the Delaware Action are substantially identical. The complaints allege, among other things, that the directors of Astoria Financial
breached their fiduciary duties in connection with their approval of the merger agreement, including by: agreeing to an allegedly unfair price for Astoria Financial; approving the transaction notwithstanding alleged conflicts of interest; agreeing
to deal protection devices that plaintiffs allege are unreasonable; and by failing to disclose certain facts about the process that led to the merger and financial analyses performed by Astoria Financial s financial advisors. The complaints
also allege that NYCB aided and abetted those alleged fiduciary breaches. The actions seek, among other things, an order enjoining completion of the proposed merger.  
 On April 6, 2016, the parties to the New York Action entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) setting out the terms
of an agreement in principle to settle all claims alleged on behalf of the putative class relating to the merger, which were disclosed on April 8, 2016. The MOU provides, among other things, that Astoria Financial will make certain supplemental
disclosures relating to the merger. The settlement is subject to, among other things, the execution of definitive documentation, the completion of the merger, and the approval by the court of the proposed settlement. There can be no assurance that
the court will approve the settlement contemplated by the MOU. If the court does not approve the settlement, or if the settlement is otherwise disallowed, the proposed settlement as contemplated by the MOU may be terminated.  
 The Company believes that the factual allegations in the lawsuits are without merit and, having reached agreement in principal on the
resolution of the In re Astoria Financial Corporation Shareholders Litigation matter, would intend to defend vigorously against the allegations made by the plaintiffs in such matter in the event that the settlement is not concluded as currently
intended and also intends to defend vigorously against the allegations made by the plaintiffs in the Delaware Action.    In addition to the
lawsuits noted above, the Company is involved in various other legal actions arising in the ordinary course of its business. All such actions in the aggregate involve amounts that are believed by management to be immaterial to the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.        Item 1A. Risk Factors    
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, and the risk factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2015, there is one additional risk factor in connection with the Company s
proposed merger with Astoria Financial to be considered, as described below:      The termination date of the merger agreement may not be extended and
the merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms.      Under the terms of the merger agreement with Astoria
Financial, either the Company or Astoria Financial may terminate the merger agreement if the merger has not occurred by December 31, 2016. Before the merger of the Company and Astoria Financial and of the Community Bank and Astoria Bank may be
completed, the Company and Astoria Financial must obtain approvals from the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, and the NYSDFS. Based on discussions with the Company s regulators, the Company does not expect to receive, prior to the end of 2016,
the regulatory approvals required to consummate the merger with Astoria. There can be no assurances that the parties will agree to extend the termination date or that, if extended, the requisite regulatory approvals will be received by such
extended date.    In the event the parties are unable to agree to extend the termination date, at any time after December 31, 2016, either
party may terminate the merger agreement, without penalty, in accordance with its terms. If the merger agreement is terminated, there may be various consequences. For example, our business may have been impacted adversely by the failure to pursue
other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of management on the merger, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the merger. Additionally, if the merger agreement is terminated, the market price of our common stock could
decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed and have a beneficial impact on our financial position and results. In addition, if the merger is not completed, the Company will have
incurred substantial expenses that it will be required to recognize without realizing the expected benefits of the merger  .         
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        Shares Repurchased Pursuant to the Company s Stock-Based
Incentive Plans      Participants in the Company s stock-based incentive plans may have shares of common stock withheld to fulfill
the income tax obligations that arise in connection with the vesting of their stock awards. Shares that are withheld for this purpose are repurchased pursuant to the terms of the applicable stock-based incentive plan, rather than pursuant to the
share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors, described below.  
      86  

Table of Contents  

  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company allocated $206,000 toward the
repurchase of shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms of its stock-based incentive plans, as indicated in the following table:      
     Shares Repurchased Pursuant to the Board of Directors  Share Repurchase Authorization    
 On April 20, 2004, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to five million shares of the Company s common stock. Of
this amount, 1,659,816 shares were still available for repurchase at September 30, 2016. Under said authorization, shares may be repurchased on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. No shares have been repurchased under this
authorization since August 2006.    Shares that are repurchased pursuant to the Board of Directors  authorization, and those that are
repurchased pursuant to the Company s stock-based incentive plans, are held in our Treasury account and may be used for various corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, merger transactions and the vesting of restricted stock awards.
       Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities    
 Not applicable.  
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    
 Not applicable.  
     Item 5. Other Information    
 Not applicable.  
     Item 6. Exhibits        

Exhibit 3.1: 
    
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation  (1)   

Exhibit 3.2: 
    
 Certificates of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation  (2)   

Exhibit 3.3: 
    
 Bylaws, as amended and restated  (3)   

Exhibit 4.1: 
    
 Specimen Stock Certificate  (4)   

Exhibit 4.2: 
    
 Registrant will furnish, upon request, copies of all instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt instruments of the registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries.  

Exhibit 31.1: 
    
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

Exhibit 31.2: 
    
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

Exhibit 32: 
    
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350  

Exhibit 101: 
    
 The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Condition, (ii)
the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibits filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-66852).    
      87  

Table of Contents  

   NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
     SIGNATURES    
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

New York Community Bancorp, Inc.   

(Registrant)  

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
   /s/ Joseph R. Ficalora   

Joseph R. Ficalora   President, Chief Executive
Officer,   and Director   

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
   /s/ Thomas R. Cangemi   

Thomas R. Cangemi   Senior Executive Vice
President   and Chief Financial Officer   
 
      88  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d247621dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1  
  NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302    
   OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 I, Joseph R. Ficalora, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of New York Community Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
   /s/ Joseph R. Ficalora   

Joseph R. Ficalora  

President, Chief Executive Officer,   and
Director   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d247621dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2  
  NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302    
   OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 I, Thomas R. Cangemi, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of New York Community Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
   /s/ Thomas R. Cangemi   

Thomas R. Cangemi  

Senior Executive Vice President   and Chief
Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d247621dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32  
  NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.   
   CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED    
   PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended on September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.    

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
   /s/ Joseph R. Ficalora   

Joseph R. Ficalora  

President, Chief Executive Officer,   and
Director   

DATE: November 9, 2016 

BY: 
   
   /s/ Thomas R. Cangemi   

Thomas R. Cangemi  

Senior Executive Vice President   and Chief
Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nyb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nyb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nyb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nyb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nyb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nyb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

