<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1290476_0001144204-16-134375_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20430638</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141583</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>589446</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7445409</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9820720</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2001180</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>126</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134375.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134375
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Village Bank & Trust Financial Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001290476
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				161694602
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50765
		FILM NUMBER:		161996241

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15521 MIDLOTHIAN TURNPIKE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		804-897-3900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15521 MIDLOTHIAN TURNPIKE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Southern Community Financial Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134375.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452169_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

  x  
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  

  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   

  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from ______ to
______  

Commission file number: 0-50765  

VILLAGE BANK AND TRUST FINANCIAL CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Virginia   
       
       16-1694602    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification No.)   

804-897-3900  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate
by check whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   
   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated Filer       

Non-Accelerated Filer        (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller Reporting Company   x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
  No   x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date. 

1,428,635 shares of common stock, $4.00
par value, outstanding as of November 10, 2016 

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp.  

  Form 10-Q  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Part I   Financial Information    

Item 1.  Financial Statements    

Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
        3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
          4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
          5   

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
          6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
          7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      8   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations    
        45   

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
      68   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    
      68   

Part II   Other Information    

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings    
      69   

Item 1A. Risk Factors    
      69   

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
      69   

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
      69   

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures    
      69   

Item 5.  Other Information    
      69   

Item 6.  Exhibits    
      70   

Signatures    
     71  

Part
I   Financial Information  

ITEM 1   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. and Subsidiary    
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets    
 
       September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015    
 
        (in thousands, except share data)     

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. and Subsidiary    
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations    
 
       Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
       (Unaudited)    
 
        (in thousands, except per share data)     

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. and Subsidiary    
 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income     
 
       Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
       (Unaudited)    
 
        (in thousands)     

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. and Subsidiary    
 
       Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity    
 
       Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
       (Unaudited)    
 
        (in thousands)     

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. and Subsidiary    
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
 
       Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
        (Unaudited)     
 
        (in thousands)     

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. and
Subsidiary  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1 - Principles of
presentation  

Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. (the
 Company ) is the holding company of Village Bank (the  Bank ). The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company, the Bank and the Bank s subsidiary. All material intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

On August 6,
2014, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Virginia State Corporation Commission to
effect a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock which became effective on August 8, 2014. As a result of the reverse
split, every sixteen shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were consolidated into one issued and outstanding
share of common stock .  The computations of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share have
been adjusted retroactively to reflect the reverse stock split.  

In the opinion of management, the accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes
required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. However, all adjustments that are, in the
opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The results of operations for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016.
The unaudited interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes to financial
statements that are presented in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 

The Company has evaluated events and transactions
occurring subsequent to the consolidated balance sheet date of September 30, 2016 for items that should potentially be recognized
or disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. The evaluation was conducted through the date these consolidated financial
statements were issued. 

Note 2 - Use of estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
as of the date of the balance sheets and statements of operations for the period. Actual results could differ significantly from
those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change include the determination of the allowance
for loan losses and its related provision, the valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset, and the estimate of the fair value
of assets held for sale. 

Note 3 - Earnings per common share 

The following table presents the basic and
diluted earnings (loss) per common share computation (in thousands, except per share data): 

Outstanding options and warrants to purchase
common stock were considered in the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share for the periods presented. Stock options for
2,587 and 1,742 shares were not included in computing diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, and stock options for 4,505 and 14,802 shares were not included in computing diluted earnings per share
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, because their effects were anti-dilutive. 

Note 4   Investment securities available
for sale 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
all of our securities were classified as available for sale. The following table presents the composition of our investment portfolio
at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Investment securities with book values of approximately
$7,335,000 and $5,968,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged to secure deposit repurchase
agreements and FHLB advances. 

Gross realized gains and losses pertaining
to available for sale securities are detailed as follows for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

The Company sold approximately $4 million
and $22 million of investment securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulting in a net gain of $15,000
and $162,000, respectively. The Company sold approximately $7 million of investment securities available for sale at a net gain
of $7,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and no investment securities were sold during the three months ended September
30, 2015. The sale of these securities, which had fixed interest rates, allowed the Company to decrease its exposure to the anticipated
upward movement in interest rates that would result in unrealized losses being recognized in shareholders  equity. 

Investment securities available for sale that
have an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are detailed below (dollars in thousands): 

All of the unrealized losses are attributable
to increases in interest rates and not to credit deterioration. Currently, the Company believes that it is probable that the Company
will be able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the investments. Because the decline in market value
is attributable to changes in interest rates and not to credit quality, and because it is not more likely than not that the Company
will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Company does
not consider these investments to be other than temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

Note 5   Loans and allowance for
loan losses 

The following table presents the composition of our loan portfolio
(excluding mortgage loans held for sale) at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

The Bank purchased portfolios of rehabilitated
student loans guaranteed by the Department of Education ( DOE ). The guarantee covers approximately 98% of principal
and accrued interest. The loans are serviced by a third-party servicer that specializes in handling the special needs of the DOE
student loan programs. 

Loans pledged as collateral with the Federal
Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ) as part of their lending arrangement with the Company totaled $11,076,000 and $7,891,000
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Company assigns risk rating classifications to its loans. These
risk ratings are divided into the following groups: 

Risk rated 1 to 4 loans are considered
of sufficient quality to preclude an adverse rating. These assets generally are well protected by the current net worth and paying
capacity of the obligor or by the value of the asset or underlying collateral;    

Risk rated 5 loans are defined as having
potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention;    

Risk rated 6 loans are inadequately protected
by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any;    

Risk rated 7 loans have all the weaknesses
inherent in substandard loans, with the added characteristics that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the
basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable; and    

Loans rated 6 or 7 are considered  Classified 
loans for regulatory classification purposes.    

The following tables provide information on
the risk rating of loans at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

The following table presents the aging of the recorded investment
in past due loans and leases as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Loans greater than 90 days past due are student
loans that are guaranteed by the DOE which covers approximately 98% of the principal and interest. Accordingly, these loans will
not be placed on nonaccrual status and are included in the 90 Days and Accruing column. 

Loans are considered impaired when, based on
current information and events it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the original
contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled principal and interest payments. Loans evaluated individually for
impairment include non-performing loans, such as loans on non-accrual, loans past due by 90 days or more, restructured loans and
other loans selected by management. The evaluations are based upon discounted expected cash flows or collateral valuations. If
the evaluation shows that a loan is individually impaired, then a specific reserve is established for the amount of impairment.
Impairment is evaluated in total for smaller-balance loans of a similar nature and on an individual loan basis for other loans.
If a loan is impaired, a specific valuation allowance is allocated, if necessary, so that the loan is reported net, at the present
value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected
solely from the collateral. Interest payments on impaired loans are typically applied to principal unless collectability of the
principal amount is reasonably assured, in which case interest is recognized on a cash basis. Impaired loans, or portions thereof,
are charged off when deemed uncollectible. Impaired loans are set forth in the following table as of the dates indicated (dollars
in thousands): 

The following is a summary of average recorded investment in impaired
loans with and without a valuation allowance and interest income recognized on those loans for the periods indicated (dollars in
thousands): 

Included in impaired loans are loans classified
as troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ). A modification of a loan s terms constitutes a TDR if the creditor
grants a concession to the borrower for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties that it
would not otherwise consider. For loans classified as impaired TDRs, the Company further evaluates the loans as performing or nonaccrual.
To restore a nonaccrual loan that has been formally restructured in a TDR to accrual status, we perform a current, well documented
credit analysis supporting a return to accrual status based on the borrower s financial condition and prospects for repayment
under the revised terms. Otherwise, the TDR must remain in nonaccrual status. The analysis considers the borrower s sustained
historical repayment performance for a reasonable period to the return-to-accrual date, but may take into account payments made
for a reasonable period prior to the restructuring if the payments are consistent with the modified terms. A sustained period of
repayment performance generally would be a minimum of six months and would involve payments in the form of cash or cash equivalents. 

The following is a summary of performing and
nonaccrual TDRs and the related specific valuation allowance by portfolio segment for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands). 

There were no TDRs identified during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and one TDR identified during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 for approximately $89,000. 

The following table summarizes defaults on
TDRs identified for the indicated periods (dollars in thousands): 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses is
as follows for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

The allowance for loan losses at each of
the periods presented includes an amount that could not be identified to individual types of loans referred to as the unallocated
portion of the allowance. We recognize the inherent imprecision in estimates of losses due to various uncertainties and variability
related to the factors used, and therefore a reasonable range around the estimate of losses is derived and used to ascertain whether
the allowance is too high. We concluded that the unallocated portion of the allowance was within a reasonable range around the
estimate of losses. 

Discussion of the provision for (recovery of) loan losses related
to specific loan types are provided following: 

The recovery of loan losses totaling $571,000
for the commercial real estate portfolio for the first nine months of 2016 was attributable to changes in our assessment of the
general component of the allowance for loan losses as it related to this portfolio. The general component allocated to this portfolio
declined primarily as a result of declines in the historical loss experience from 0.68% in the first nine months of 2015 to 0.20%
in the first nine months of 2016. In addition, the portfolio was in a net-recovery position of $112,000 as of September 30, 2016.    

The recovery of loan losses totaling $131,000 for the consumer real estate portfolio for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was also attributable to changes in our assessment of the general component of the allowance for loan
losses as it related to this portfolio. The general component allocated to this portfolio declined primarily as a result of declines
in the historical loss experience from 0.72% in 2015 to a loss of 0.07% in the third quarter of 2016.    

The provision for loan losses totaling
$491,000 for the construction and land development portfolio in 2015 was also attributable to changes in our assessment of the
general component of the allowance for loan losses as it related to this portfolio. The general component allocated to this portfolio
increased primarily as a result of an increase in the historical loss experience from a net recovery of 0.37% in 2014 to a net
charge-off of 0.28% in 2015. In addition, the portfolio was in a net charge-off position of $229,000 as of September 30, 2015.    

The recovery of loan losses totaling $314,000
for the consumer real estate portfolio in the in 2015 was also attributable to changes in our assessment of the general component
of the allowance for loan losses as it related to this portfolio. The general component allocated to this portfolio declined primarily
as a result of declines in the historical loss experience from 1.63% in 2014 to 0.72% in the third quarter of 2015. In addition,
the portfolio was in a net recovery position of $189,000 as of September 30, 2015.    

Loans were evaluated for impairment as follows for the periods
indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Note 6   Deposits 

Deposits as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Note 7   Trust preferred securities 

During the first quarter of 2005, Southern
Community Financial Capital Trust I, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed for the purpose of issuing redeemable
securities. On February 24, 2005, $5.2 million of Trust Preferred Capital Notes were issued through a pooled underwriting. The
securities have a LIBOR-indexed floating rate of interest (three-month LIBOR plus 2.15%) which adjusts, and is payable, quarterly.
The interest rate at September 30, 2016 was 3.00%. The securities were redeemable at par beginning on March 15, 2010 and each quarter
after such date until the securities mature on March 15, 2035. No amounts have been redeemed at September 30, 2016 and there are
no plans to do so. The principal asset of the Trust is $5.2 million of the Company s junior subordinated debt securities
with like maturities and like interest rates to the Trust Preferred Capital Notes. 

During the third quarter of 2007, Village
Financial Statutory Trust II, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed for the purpose of issuing redeemable securities.
On September 20, 2007, $3.6 million of Trust Preferred Capital Notes were issued through a pooled underwriting. The securities
have LIBOR-indexed floating rate of interest (three-month LIBOR plus 1.4%) which adjusts, and is also payable, quarterly. The interest
rate at September 30, 2016 was 2.50%. The securities may be redeemed at par at any time commencing in December 2012 until the securities
mature in 2037. No amounts have been redeemed at September 30, 2016 and there are no plans to do so. The principal asset of the
Trust is $3.6 million of the Company s junior subordinated debt securities with like maturities and like interest rates to
the Trust Preferred Capital Notes. 

The Trust Preferred Capital Notes may be
included in Tier 1 capital for regulatory capital adequacy determination purposes up to 25% of Tier 1 capital after its inclusion.
The portion of the Trust Preferred Capital Notes not considered as Tier 1 capital may be included in Tier 2 capital. 

The obligations of the Company with respect
to the issuance of the Trust Preferred Capital Notes constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the Trust s
obligations with respect to the Trust Preferred Capital Notes. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, the Company may elect
from time to time to defer interest payments on the junior subordinated debt securities, which would result in a deferral of distribution
payments on the related Trust Preferred Capital Notes and require a deferral of common dividends. The Company is current on these
interest payments. 

Note 8   Stock incentive plan 

The Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp.
Incentive Plan, which was adopted on February 28, 2006, authorized the issuance of up to 48,750 shares of common stock (after the
reverse stock split) (the  2006 Plan ). On May 26, 2015, the Company s shareholders approved the adoption of
the Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ) authorizing the issuance of
up to 60,000 shares of common stock. The 2015 Plan was adopted to replace the 2006 Plan and any new awards will be made pursuant
to the 2015 Plan. The prior awards made under the 2006 Plan were unchanged by the adoption of the 2015 Plan and continue to be
governed by the terms of the 2006 Plan. 

The following table summarizes stock options
outstanding under the stock incentive plan at the indicated dates: 

During the second quarter of 2016, we granted
certain officers 4,000 performance based shares of common stock with a weighted average fair market value of $20.00 at the date
of grant.  These restricted stock awards vest over two years.  During the third quarter of 2016, we granted certain officers
6,250 restricted shares of common stock with a weighted average fair market value of $22.50 at the date of grant.  These restricted
stock awards have a three-year graded vesting.  During the third quarter of 2015, we granted certain officers 40,675 restricted
shares of common stock with a weighted average fair value of $19.72 at the date of grant.  These restricted stock awards have
a three-year graded vesting. Prior to vesting, these shares are subject to forfeiture to us without consideration upon termination
of employment under certain circumstances.  The total number of shares underlying non-vested restricted stock was 51,665 and
51,274 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

The fair value of the stock is calculated
under the same methodology as stock options and the expense is recognized over the vesting period. Unamortized stock-based compensation
related to nonvested share based compensation arrangements granted under the stock incentive plan as of September 30, 2016 and
2015, was $775,575 and $532,030, respectively. The time based unamortized compensation of $425,517 is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of 2.09 years. 

Stock-based compensation expense was approximately
$156,000 and $264,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 9   Fair value 

The fair value of an asset or liability
is the price that would be received to sell that asset or paid to transfer that liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal
market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset or liability shall not be
adjusted for transaction costs. An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period prior
to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets and
liabilities; it is not a forced transaction. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are independent,
knowledgeable, able to transact and willing to transact. 

Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
Codification Topic 820:  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  establishes a hierarchy for valuation inputs that gives
the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. The fair values hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs   
Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of
the measurement date. 

Level 2   Inputs 
  Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 Inputs   
Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would
use in pricing an asset or liability. 

The Company used the following methods
to determine the fair value of each type of financial instrument: 

Securities : Fair values for securities
available-for-sale are obtained from an independent pricing service. The prices are not adjusted. The independent pricing service
uses industry-standard models to price U.S. Government agency obligations and mortgage backed securities that consider various
assumptions, including time value, yield curves, volatility factors, prepayment speeds, default rates, loss severity, current market
and contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Securities of obligations
of state and political subdivisions are valued using a type of matrix, or grid, pricing in which securities are benchmarked against
the treasury rate based on credit rating. Substantially all assumptions used by the independent pricing service are observable
in the marketplace, can be derived from observable data, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed
in the marketplace (Levels 1 and 2). 

Impaired loans : The fair values
of impaired loans are measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent loans on a nonrecurring
basis. Collateral may be in the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory and accounts receivable.
The vast majority of the Company s collateral is real estate. The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing
an income or market valuation approach based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser using observable market
data (Level 2). However, if the collateral is a house or building in the process of construction or if an appraisal of the property
is more than two years old, then a Level 3 valuation is considered to measure the fair value. The value of business equipment is
based upon an outside appraisal if deemed significant using observable market data. Likewise, values for inventory and account
receivables collateral are based on financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3). Any fair value adjustments are recorded
in the period incurred as provision for loan losses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Real Estate Owned:  Real estate owned
assets are adjusted to fair value upon transfer of the loans to foreclosed assets. Subsequently, real estate owned assets are carried
at net realizable value. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral or management s
estimation of the value of the collateral. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current
appraised value, the Company records the foreclosed asset as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or
management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable
market price, the Company records the foreclosed asset as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Assets held for sale : Assets held
for sale were transferred from premises and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation at the date of transfer. The Company
periodically evaluates the value of assets held for sale and records an impairment charge for any subsequent declines in fair value
less selling costs. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral or management s
estimation of the value of the collateral. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current
appraised value, the Company records the assets held for sale as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available
or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable
market price, the Company records the asset held for sale as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair
value under Topic 820 on a recurring and non-recurring basis are summarized below for the indicated dates (dollars in thousands): 

The following tables present qualitative information about Level
3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured at fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars
in thousands): 

September 30, 2016     

Range     

Fair Value       
     Valuation    
     Unobservable    
     (Weighted     

Estimate       
     Techniques    
     Input    
     Average)     

(In thousands)     

Impaired loans - real estate secured    
     $  379       
     Appraisal (1) or Internal Valuation (2)    
     Selling costs    
         6%-10% (7%)      

Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal    
         6%-30% (10%)      
 
     Impaired loans - non-real estate secured    
     $  480       
     Appraisal (1) or Discounted Cash Flow    
     Selling costs    
        10%    

Discount for lack of marketability or practical life    
         0%-50% (20%)      
 
     Assets held for sale    
     $  841       
     Appraisal (1) or Internal Valuation (2)    
     Selling costs    
         6%-10% (7%)      

Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal    
         6%-30% (15%)      

(1)  Fair Value is generally determined through independent
appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally included various Level 3 inputs which are not identifiable 

(2)  Internal valuations may be conducted to determine Fair
Value for assets with nominal carrying balances 

(1)  Fair Value is generally determined through independent
appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally included various level 3 inputs which are not identifiable 

(2)  Internal valuations may be conducted to determine Fair
Value for assets with nominal carrying balances 

In general,
fair value of securities is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair
value is based upon market prices determined by an outside, independent entity that primarily uses as inputs, observable market-based
parameters. Fair value of loans held for sale is based upon internally developed models that primarily use as inputs, observable
market-based parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These
adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters.
Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently over time. The Company valuation methodologies may produce a fair value
calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While management believes the
Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies
or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value
at the reporting date. Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances
that caused the transfer, which generally coincides with the Company s monthly and/or quarterly valuation process.  

Cash and cash equivalents   
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value. 

Investment securities    The
fair value of investment securities available-for-sale is estimated based on bid quotations received from independent pricing services
for similar assets. The carrying amount of other investments approximates fair value. 

Loans    For variable rate
loans that reprice frequently and have no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. For all
other loans, fair values are calculated by discounting the contractual cash flows using estimated market discount rates which reflect
the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loans, or by using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to
borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. 

Assets held for sale   The
carrying value of assets held for sale is based on fair value less selling costs.  Fair values for assets held for sale
are estimated based on appraised values of the asset or management s estimation of the value of the assets. 

Deposits    The fair value
of deposits with no stated maturity, such as demand, interest checking and money market, and savings accounts, is equal to the
amount payable on demand at year-end. The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual
cash flows using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 

Borrowings    The fair value
of borrowings is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows using the rates currently offered for borrowings of similar
remaining maturities. 

Accrued interest    The carrying
amounts of accrued interest receivable and payable approximate fair value. 

Note 10   Segment Reporting 

In previous reports, the Company had concluded
that it had one operating and reportable segment,  Community Banking . This conclusion was based on the fact that the
Company s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent and assessed based on how each of the activities supports
the others. The Company has re-assessed its segment reporting and decided to report two segments: traditional commercial banking
and mortgage banking as management has changed the information it reviews to make decisions. Revenues from commercial banking operations
consist primarily of interest earned on loans and securities and fees from deposit services. Mortgage banking operating revenues
consist principally of interest earned on mortgage loans held for sale, gains on sales of loans in the secondary mortgage market,
and loan origination fee income. 

The commercial banking segment provides the
mortgage banking segment with the short-term funds needed to originate mortgage loans through a warehouse line of credit and charges
the mortgage banking segment interest based on the commercial banking segment s cost of funds. Additionally, the mortgage
banking segment leases premises from the commercial banking segment. These transactions are eliminated in the consolidation process. 

The following table presents segment information as of and for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

Note 11   Shareholders  equity
and regulatory matters 

Preferred Stock  

On May 1, 2009, as part of the Capital Purchase
Program established by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the  Treasury ) under the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act of 2008, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement and Securities Purchase Agreement Standard Terms (collectively,
the  Purchase Agreement ) with the Treasury, pursuant to which the Company sold (i) 14,738 shares of the Company s
Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $4.00 per share, having a liquidation preference of $1,000
per share (the  preferred stock ) and (ii) a warrant (the  Warrant ) to purchase 31,190 shares of the Company s
common stock at an initial exercise price of $70.88 per share, subject to certain anti-dilution and other adjustments, for an aggregate
purchase price of $14,738,000 in cash. The fair value of the preferred stock was estimated using discounted cash flow methodology
at an assumed market equivalent rate of 13%, with 20 quarterly payments over a five year period, and was determined to be $10,208,000.
The fair value of the Warrant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with assumptions of 25% volatility, a
risk-free rate of 2.03%, a yield of 6.162% and an estimated life of 5 years, and was determined to be $534,000. The aggregate fair
value for both the preferred stock and Warrant was determined to be $10,742,000 with 95% of the aggregate attributable to the preferred
stock and 5% attributable to the Warrant. Therefore, the $14,738,000 issuance was allocated with $14,006,000 being assigned to
the preferred stock and $732,000 being allocated to the Warrant. The difference between the $14,738,000 face value of the preferred
stock and the amount allocated of $14,006,000 to the preferred stock was accreted as a discount on the preferred stock using the
effective interest rate method over five years. 

The preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital
and accrued cumulative dividends at a rate of 5% until May 1, 2014 and now accrues at a 9% rate. The preferred stock is generally
non-voting, other than on certain matters that could adversely affect the preferred stock. 

The Warrant was immediately exercisable. The
Warrant provides for the adjustment of the exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise pursuant
to customary anti-dilution provisions, such as upon stock splits or distributions of securities or other assets to holders of common
stock, and upon certain issuances of common stock at or below a specified price relative to the then-current market price of common
stock. The Warrant expires ten years from the issuance date. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Treasury has agreed not to
exercise voting power with respect to any shares of common stock issued upon exercise of the Warrant. 

In November 2013, the Company participated
in a successful auction of the Company s preferred stock by the Treasury that resulted in the purchase of the securities
by private and institutional investors. 

In accordance with the Company s prior
Written Agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond (the  Reserve Bank ), the Company has been deferring quarterly
cash dividends on the preferred stock since May 2011. The total arrearage on such preferred stock as of September 30, 2016 was
$2,624,269. This amount has been accrued for and is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. With the termination
of the Written Agreement as of July 28, 2016, the Company is not required to defer the quarterly cash dividends on the preferred
stock, however the Company is evaluating various options with respect to the preferred stock. 

Common Stock  

On December 4, 2013, the Company issued 67,907
new shares of common stock through a private placement to directors and executive officers. The sale raised $1,684,075 in new capital
for the Company. The $24.80 sale price for the common shares was equal to the stock s book value at September 30, 2013, which
represented a 30% premium over the closing price of the stock on December 3, 2013. 

On August 6,
2014, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Virginia State Corporation Commission to
affect a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock which became effective on August 8, 2014. As a result of the reverse
split, every sixteen shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were consolidated into one issued and outstanding
share of common stock . 

On March 27, 2015, the Company completed a
rights offering to shareholders (the  Rights Offering ) and concurrent standby offering to Kenneth R. Lehman (the  Standby
Offering ), in which the Company issued an aggregate of 1,051,866 shares of common stock (the total number of shares offered)
at $13.87 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $14,589,381 (including the value of the Company s preferred stock exchanged
by Mr. Lehman for shares of common stock of $4,618,813). In connection with the Rights Offering, 283,293 shares were issued to
shareholders upon exercise of their basic subscription rights and 191,773 shares were issued to shareholders upon exercise of their
oversubscription privileges (approximately 36.9% of the total number of shares requested pursuant to oversubscription privileges).
In connection with the Standby Offering, Mr. Lehman purchased an aggregate of 576,800 shares of the Company s common stock,
333,007 of which were issued in exchange for 9,023 shares of the Company s preferred stock and 243,793 of which were purchased
for cash. Also, as part of the Standby Offering, Mr. Lehman forgave $2,215,009 in accrued and unpaid dividends on the preferred
stock. 

Regulatory Matters  

The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital
requirements administered by the federal and state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate
certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material
effect on the Bank s financial statements. Under the capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank s assets,
liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital
amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other
factors. 

Under the final
capital rules that became effective on January 1, 2015, there was a requirement for a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation
buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, which is in addition to the other minimum risk-based capital standards in the rule. Institutions
that do not maintain this required capital buffer will become subject to progressively more stringent limitations on the percentage
of earnings that can be paid out in dividends or used for stock repurchases and on the payment of discretionary bonuses to senior
executive management. The capital buffer requirement is being phased in over three years beginning in 2016. We have included the
0.625% increase for 2016 in our minimum capital adequacy ratios in the table below. The capital buffer requirement effectively
raises the minimum required common equity Tier 1 capital ratio to 7.0%, the Tier 1 capital ratio to 8.5%, and the total capital
ratio to 10.5% on a fully phased-in basis on January 1, 2019. Management believes that, as of September 30, 2016,  the Company 
would meet all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules on a fully phased-in basis as if all such requirements
were currently in effect.  

The Company meets eligibility criteria of a
small bank holding company in accordance with the Federal Reserve Board s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement issued
February 2015, and is no longer obligated to report consolidated regulatory capital. The Bank continues to be subject to various
capital requirements administered by banking agencies. The capital amounts and ratios at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
for the Bank are presented in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

Note 12   Commitments and contingencies 

Off-balance-sheet risk    The Company
is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of
its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These instruments
involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest-rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the financial statements.
The contract amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement that the Company has in particular classes of instruments. 

The Company s exposure to credit loss
in the event of non-performance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit, and to potential
credit loss associated with letters of credit issued, is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company
uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for loans and other such on-balance
sheet instruments. 

The Company had outstanding the following approximate
off-balance-sheet financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit risk at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. Historically, many commitments expire
without being drawn upon; therefore, the total commitment amounts shown in the above table are not necessarily indicative of future
cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral
obtained, as deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer.
Collateral held varies but may include personal or income-producing commercial real estate, accounts receivable, inventory and
equipment. 

Standby letters of credit are written conditional
commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing
letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. 

Concentrations of credit risk   
All of the Company s loans, commitments to extend credit, and standby letters of credit have been granted to customers in
the Company s market area. Although the Company is building a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion of its clients 
ability to honor contracts is reliant upon the economic stability of the Richmond, Virginia area, including the real estate markets
in the area. The concentrations of credit by type of loan are set forth in Note 5. The distribution of commitments to extend credit
approximates the distribution of loans outstanding. 

Approximately 15% of the Company s loan
portfolio consists of student loans that are guaranteed by the DOE and covers approximately 98% of the principal and interest in
the event of default.  The Company utilizes a third party vendor with significant experience and expertise to service these
loans.  In the unlikely event that the third party servicer does not service the loans in accordance with the DOE requirements
and could not reimburse the Company for losses sustained as a result of servicing errors, the Company could sustain additional
losses beyond what has been factored in the allowance for loan losses. 

Prior Agreements with Regulators   
In February 2012, the Bank entered into a Stipulation and Consent to the Issuance of a Consent Order with the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the  FDIC ) and the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions (the  Supervisory Authorities ),
and the Supervisory Authorities issued the related Consent Order effective February 3, 2012 (the  Consent Order ).
In June 2012, the Company entered into a similar written agreement (the  Written Agreement ) with the Reserve Bank.
As a result of the steps the Company and the Bank took to, among other things, improve asset quality, increase capital, augment
management and board oversight, and increase earnings, the Consent Order was terminated effective December 14, 2015. In place of
the Consent Order, the Bank s Board of Directors made certain written assurances to the Supervisory Authorities in the form
of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) that became effective November 17, 2015. Due to further improvements by the
Company and the Bank in asset quality and earnings, and the correction of a prior Regulation W violation, the MOU was terminated
effective May 12, 2016, and the Written Agreement was terminated effective July 28, 2016. With the terminations of the MOU and
the Written Agreement, neither the Company nor the Bank is under any formal or informal agreements with its regulators. 

Note 13   Income Taxes 

The net deferred tax asset is included in other
assets on the balance sheet. Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740,  Income Taxes , requires that companies assess whether
a valuation allowance should be established against their deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence
using a  more likely than not  standard. Management considers both positive and negative evidence and analyzes changes
in near-term market conditions as well as other factors which may impact future operating results. In making such judgments, significant
weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. The deferred tax assets are analyzed quarterly for changes affecting
realization. 

There was an $11,352,000 income tax benefit
recorded for the third quarter of 2016 compared to no tax expense for the third quarter of 2015.  For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the income tax benefit was $11,352,000 compared to no income tax expense for the same period in 2015. The income
tax benefit in 2016 was primarily due to the reversal of an $11,997,000 valuation allowance previously recorded against the net
deferred tax asset. This valuation allowance was first recorded in the fourth quarter of 2011 due to the uncertainty of whether
or not the Company would be able to realize the asset. 

In assessing the Company s ability to
realize its net deferred tax asset, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net
deferred tax asset will or will not be realized.  The Company s ultimate realization of the net deferred tax asset is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible. 
Management considers the nature and amount of historical and projected future taxable income, the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax assets and liabilities, and available tax planning strategies in making this assessment.  The amount of net deferred taxes
recognized could be impacted by changes to any of these variables. 

Each quarter, the Company weighs both the positive
and negative information with respect to realization of the net deferred tax asset and analyzes its position as to whether or not
a valuation allowance is required. Over the past several quarters, the positive information has been increasing while the negative
information has been decreasing. Over the last seven quarters, the Company has demonstrated consistent earnings while its level
of non-performing assets which was the primary cause of the Company s losses has steadily decreased. Additionally, the Federal
Reserve Bank, the FDIC and the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions have terminated their formal agreements with the Company
and the Bank, reducing regulatory risk. 

Given the consistent earnings and improving
asset quality, the Company s analysis has now concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, it is more likely than not that it
will generate sufficient taxable income within the applicable carry-forward periods to realize its net deferred tax asset. As such,
the full valuation allowance of $11,997,000 was reversed to income tax expense at September 30, 2016. The Company s net deferred
tax asset was $11,435,000 as of September 30, 2016. Net operating losses available to offset future taxable income amounted to
$23,043,000 at September 30, 2016 and begin expiring in 2028; $1,257,000 of such amount is subject to a limitation by Section 382
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to $908,000 per year. 

Note 14   Recent accounting pronouncements 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The amendments in this ASU modify the guidance companies use to recognize revenue from
contracts with customers for transfers of goods or services and transfers of nonfinancial assets, unless those contracts are within
the scope of other standards. The ASU requires that entities apply a specific method to recognize revenue reflecting the consideration
expected from customers in exchange for the transfer of goods and services. The guidance also requires new qualitative and quantitative
disclosures, including information about contract balances and performance obligations. Entities are also required to disclose
significant judgments and changes in judgments for determining the satisfaction of performance obligations. Most revenue associated
with financial instruments, including interest and loan origination fees, is outside the scope of the guidance. This ASU is effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption prohibited.
In April 2015, the FASB proposed to delay the effective date of this standard for one year. The Company is evaluating the effect
ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,
Compensation-Stock Compensation. The guidance in this ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could
be achieved after the requisite service is treated as a performance condition. As such, the performance target should not be reflected
in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes
probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s)
for which the requisite service has already been rendered. If the performance target becomes probable of being achieved before
the end of the requisite period, the remaining unrecognized cost should be recognized prospectively over the remaining service
period. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service period should reflect the number
of awards that are expected to vest and should be adjusted to reflect those awards that ultimately vest. The requisite service
period ends when the employee can cease rendering service and still be eligible to vest in the award if the performance target
is achieved. As indicated in the definition of vest, the stated vesting period (which includes the period in which the performance
target could be achieved) may differ from the requisite service period. The guidance in this ASU is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. This ASU did not have a significant impact on our financial condition or results of
operations. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  This ASU requires an entity to: (i) measure equity investments
at fair value through net income, with certain exceptions; (ii) present in Other Comprehensive Income the changes in instrument-specific
credit risk for financial liabilities measured using the fair value option; (iii) present financial assets and financial liabilities
by measurement category and form of financial asset; (iv) calculate the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes
based on an exit price and; (v) assess a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets related to unrealized losses of AFS debt securities
in combination with other deferred tax assets. The ASU provides an election to subsequently measure certain nonmarketable equity
investments at cost less any impairment and adjusted for certain observable price changes. The ASU also requires a qualitative
impairment assessment of such equity investments and amends certain fair value disclosure requirements. This ASU is effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is only permitted
for the provision related to instrument-specific credit risk. The Company is currently assessing the impact of ASU 2016-01 will
have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,    Leases .
This ASU requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities arising from most operating leases on the statement of financial
position. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02, which is effective for the Company on January 1, 2019.  

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  This
ASU amends guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities by
eliminating the probable initial recognition threshold (incurred loss methodology) and requiring entities to reflect its current
estimate of all expected credit losses. The amendments in the ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2019 and for interim
periods within that year. Early adoption is permitted beginning after December 15, 2018. Entities will apply the amendments in
this ASU through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings in the first period effective. The Company is currently evaluating
the potential impact of ASU 2016-13 on its financial statements. 

Item
2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis OF Financial condition and results of operations   

Caution about forward-looking statements  

In addition to historical information,
this report may contain forward-looking statements. For this purpose, any statement that is not a statement of historical fact
may be deemed to be a forward-looking statement. These forward-looking statements may include statements regarding profitability,
liquidity, allowance for loan losses, interest rate sensitivity, market risk, growth strategy and financial and other goals. Forward-looking
statements often use words such as  believes,   expects,   plans,   may,   will, 
 should,   projects,   contemplates,   anticipates,   forecasts, 
 intends  or other words of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly
to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and actual
results could differ materially from historical results or those anticipated by such statements. 

There are many factors that could have
a material adverse effect on the operations and future prospects of the Company including, but not limited to: 

changes
                                         in assumptions underlying the establishment of allowances for loan losses, and other
                                         estimates;    

the
                                         risks of changes in interest rates on levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan
                                         demand, and the values and liquidity of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive
                                         assets and liabilities;    

the
                                         effects of future economic, business and market conditions;    

legislative
                                         and regulatory changes, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
                                         Act and other changes in banking, securities, and tax laws and regulations and their
                                         application by our regulators, and changes in scope and cost of FDIC insurance and other
                                         coverages;    

our
                                         inability to maintain our regulatory capital position;    

the
                                         Company s computer systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers
                                         or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions despite security
                                         measures implemented by the Company;    

changes
                                         in market conditions, specifically declines in the residential and commercial real estate
                                         market, volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, soundness of other
                                         financial institutions we do business with;    

risks
                                         inherent in making loans such as repayment risks and fluctuating collateral values;    

changes
                                         in operations of Village Bank Mortgage Corporation as a result of the activity in the
                                         residential real estate market;    

exposure
                                         to repurchase loans sold to investors for which borrowers failed to provide full and
                                         accurate information on or related to their loan application or for which appraisals
                                         have not been acceptable or when the loan was not underwritten in accordance with the
                                         loan program specified by the loan investor;    

governmental
                                         monetary and fiscal policies;    

changes
                                         in accounting policies, rules and practices;    

reliance
                                         on our management team, including our ability to attract and retain key personnel;    

competition
                                         with other banks and financial institutions, and companies outside of the banking industry,
                                         including those companies that have substantially greater access to capital and other
                                         resources;    

demand,
                                         development and acceptance of new products and services;    

problems
                                         with technology utilized by us;    

changing
                                         trends in customer profiles and behavior; and    

other
                                         factors described from time to time in our reports filed with the SEC.    

These risks and uncertainties should be
considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained herein, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on such statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made. 
In addition, past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of future results. 

General  

The Company s primary source of
earnings is net interest income, and its principal market risk exposure is interest rate risk. The Company is not able to predict
market interest rate fluctuations and its asset/liability management strategy may not prevent interest rate changes from having
a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

Although we endeavor to minimize the credit
risk inherent in the Company s loan portfolio, we must necessarily make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability
of the loan portfolio based on our experience and evaluation of economic conditions. If such assumptions or judgments prove to
be incorrect, the current allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover loan losses and additions to the allowance
may be necessary, which would have a negative impact on net income. 

Results of operations 

The following presents management s
discussion and analysis of the financial condition of the Company at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the results
of operations for the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This discussion should be read
in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report. 

Summary   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company had net income of $11,932,000 and net income available to common shareholders of $11,746,000, or $8.21 per fully
diluted share, compared to net income of $471,000 and net income available to common shareholders of $301,000, or $.21 per fully
diluted share, for the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had net income of $12,993,000
and net income available to common shareholders of $12,446,000, or $8.74 per fully diluted share, compared to net income $550,000
and net income available to common shareholders of $6,669,000, or $6.14 per fully diluted share, for the same period in 2015.
The increase in net income for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is due to recording an income tax benefit
of $11,352,000 due to the reversal of the $11,997,000 valuation allowance previously recorded against the net deferred tax asset
discussed previously. 

There were significant changes in income
and expense items when comparing the 2016 and 2015 results. The more significant changes are reflected in the following table
(in thousands): 

Net interest income   

Net interest income, which represents
the difference between interest earned on interest-earning assets and interest incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, is the
Company s primary source of earnings. Net interest income can be affected by changes in market interest rates as well as
the level and composition of assets, liabilities and shareholders  equity. Net interest spread is the difference between
the average rate earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The net yield on
interest-earning assets ( net interest margin ) is calculated by dividing tax equivalent net interest income by average
interest-earning assets. Generally, the net interest margin will exceed the net interest spread because a portion of interest
earning assets are funded by various noninterest-bearing sources, principally noninterest-bearing deposits and shareholders 
equity. 

For the third quarter of 2016, net interest
income was $3,444,000, an increase of $202,000 from the third quarter of 2015, primarily driven by higher average loan balances
$32,519,000 and average loans held for sale of $4,686,000. The third quarter 2016 net interest margin increased by 5 basis points
to 3.50% compared to 3.45% in the comparable quarter in the prior year. The increase in net interest margin was driven by the
4 basis point decline in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities outpacing the 3 basis point reduction in yield on interest-earning
assets. The decline in interest-earning asset yields was primarily driven by lower loan yields, as new and renewed loans were
originated and re-priced at lower rates. 

For the first nine months of 2016, net
interest income was $9,932,000, an increase of $510,000 from the same period in 2015, primarily driven by higher average loan
balances of $27,078,000 and lower interest-bearing liabilities of $14,275,000. The net interest margin increased by 18 basis points
to 3.56% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 3.38% in the comparable period in the prior year. The increase in net interest
margin was driven by the 9 basis point increase in interest-earning asset yields and the 6 basis point reduction in cost of interest-bearing
liabilities. The 9 basis point increase in interest-earning asset yields resulted from a change in the composition of interest-earning
assets from lower yielding assets (primarily investment securities) to higher yielding assets (primarily loans). The 6 basis point
decline in our cost of interest-bearing liabilities resulted because we utilized liquidity to allow higher cost certificates of
deposit and borrowings to run off. 

The following table illustrates average
balances of total interest-earning assets and total interest-bearing liabilities for the periods indicated, showing the average
distribution of assets, liabilities, shareholders' equity and related income, expense and corresponding weighted-average yields
and rates (dollars in thousands). The average balances used in these tables and other statistical data were calculated using daily
average balances. We had no tax exempt assets for the periods presented. 

Provision for (recovery of) loan
losses   

The amount of the loan loss provision
(recovery) is determined by an evaluation of the level of loans outstanding, the level of non-performing loans, historical loan
loss experience, delinquency trends, underlying collateral values, the amount of actual losses charged to the reserve in a given
period and assessment of present and anticipated economic conditions. 

The level of the allowance reflects changes
in the size of the portfolio or in any of its components as well as management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations,
specific credit risks, loan loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions.
Portions of the allowance may be allocated for specific credits; however, the entire allowance is available for any credit that,
in management s judgment, should be charged off. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available,
the ultimate adequacy of the allowance is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond the Company s control, including the
performance of the Company s loan portfolio, the economy, changes in interest rates and the view of the regulatory authorities
toward loan classifications. 

The Company did not record a provision
for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The provision for (recovery of) loan losses
by category is presented following (in thousands): 

The allowance for loan losses at each
of the periods presented includes an amount that could not be identified to individual types of loans referred to as the unallocated
portion of the allowance. We recognize the inherent imprecision in estimates of losses due to various uncertainties and variability
related to the factors used, and therefore a reasonable range around the estimate of losses is derived and used to ascertain whether
the allowance is too high. We concluded that the unallocated portion of the allowance was acceptable given the continued higher
level of classified assets and was within a reasonable range around the estimate of losses. At September 30, 2016 the allowance
for loan losses included an unallocated amount of approximately $603,000 compared to $59,000 at December 31, 2015. 

Discussion of the provision for (recovery of) loan losses related
to specific loan types are provided following: 

The
                                         recovery of loan losses totaling $571,000 for the commercial real estate portfolio for
                                         the first nine months of 2016 was attributable to changes in our assessment of the general
                                         component of the allowance for loan losses as it related to this portfolio. The general
                                         component allocated to this portfolio declined primarily as a result of declines in the
                                         historical loss experience from 0.68% in the first nine months of 2015 to 0.20% in the
                                         first nine months of 2016. In addition, the portfolio was in a net-recovery position
                                         of $112,000 as of September 30, 2016.    

The
                                         recovery of loan losses totaling $131,000 for the consumer real estate portfolio for
                                         the nine months ended 2016 was also attributable to changes in our assessment of the
                                         general component of the allowance for loan losses as it related to this portfolio. The
                                         general component allocated to this portfolio declined primarily as a result of declines
                                         in the historical loss experience from 0.72% in 2015 to a loss of 0.07% in the third
                                         quarter of 2016.    

The
                                         provision for loan losses totaling $491,000 for the construction and land development
                                         portfolio in 2015 was also attributable to changes in our assessment of the general component
                                         of the allowance for loan losses as it related to this portfolio. The general component
                                         allocated to this portfolio increased primarily as a result of an increase in the historical
                                         loss experience from a net recovery of 0.37% in 2014 to a net charge-off of 0.28% in
                                         2015. In addition, the portfolio was in a net charge-off position of $229,000 as of September
                                         30, 2015.    

The
                                         recovery of loan losses totaling $314,000 for the consumer real estate portfolio in the
                                         in 2015 was also attributable to changes in our assessment of the general component of
                                         the allowance for loan losses as it related to this portfolio. The general component
                                         allocated to this portfolio declined primarily as a result of declines in the historical
                                         loss experience from 1.63% in 2014 to 0.72% in the third quarter of 2015. In addition,
                                         the portfolio was in a net recovery position of $189,000 as of September 30, 2015.    

Noninterest income  

The
                                         increase in gain on sale of loans is due to increased activity by our mortgage banking
                                         segment as the mortgage market has been more favorable in the latter half of 2016.    

The
                                         decline in rental income is a result of the sale of our previous headquarters building
                                         in June 2016 that generated rental income from nonrelated entities.    

The
                                         decrease in gain on sale of loans is due to lower activity by our mortgage banking segment
                                         as the mortgage market was less favorable in the first half of 2016.    

The
                                         gain on sale of assets in 2016 relates to the sale of our previous headquarters building
                                         and was a onetime event.    

The
                                         gain on sale of investment securities resulted from management s efforts to reduce
                                         interest rate risk in our investment portfolio by selling longer duration securities.    

The
                                         decline in rental income is a result of the sale of our previous headquarters building
                                         in June 2016 that generated rental income from nonrelated entities.    

Noninterest expense   

The
                                         increase in salaries and benefits was due to staffing changes.    

Occupancy
                                         declined due to the sale of our previous headquarters building.    

Professional
                                         and outside services declined due to the improvement in the Bank s operations.    

Costs
                                         associated with foreclosed assets increased due to gains on sale in 2015 as we disposed
                                         of these assets.    

The
                                         decrease in the FDIC insurance premium was due to the improvement in the Bank s
                                         risk rating with the FDIC based on the removal of the Consent Order in December 2015.

The increase in salaries and benefits
was due to staffing changes.    

Occupancy declined due to the sale of
our previous headquarters building.    

Write down of assets held for sale decreased
due to previous write downs associated with the headquarters building.    

Professional and outside services declined
due to the improvement in the Bank s operations.    

Costs associated with foreclosed assets
increased due to gains on sale in 2015 as we disposed of these assets.    

The decrease in the FDIC insurance premium
was due to the improvement in the Bank s risk rating with the FDIC based on the removal of the Consent Order in December
2015.     

Income taxes   

The net deferred tax asset is included
in other assets on the balance sheet. Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740,  Income Taxes , requires that companies
assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against their deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all
available evidence using a  more likely than not  standard. Management considers both positive and negative evidence
and analyzes changes in near-term market conditions as well as other factors which may impact future operating results. In making
such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. The deferred tax assets are analyzed
quarterly for changes affecting realization. 

There was an $11,352,000 income tax benefit
recorded for the third quarter of 2016 compared to no tax expense for the third quarter of 2015.  For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the income tax benefit was $11,352,000 compared to no income tax expense for the same period in 2015. The income
tax benefit in 2016 was primarily due to the reversal of an $11,997,000 valuation allowance previously recorded against the net
deferred tax asset. This valuation allowance was first recorded in the fourth quarter of 2011 due to the uncertainty of whether
or not the Company would be able to realize the asset. 

In assessing the Company s ability
to realize its net deferred tax asset, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
net deferred tax asset will or will not be realized.  The Company s ultimate realization of the net deferred tax asset
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible. 
Management considers the nature and amount of historical and projected future taxable income, the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax assets and liabilities, and available tax planning strategies in making this assessment.  The amount of net deferred taxes
recognized could be impacted by changes to any of these variables. 

Each quarter, the Company weighs both the
positive and negative information with respect to realization of the net deferred tax asset and analyzes its position as to whether
or not a valuation allowance is required. Over the past several quarters, the positive information has been increasing while the
negative information has been decreasing. Over the last seven quarters, the Company has demonstrated consistent earnings while
its level of non-performing assets which was the primary cause of the Company s losses has steadily decreased. Additionally,
the Federal Reserve Bank, the FDIC and the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions have terminated their formal agreements with
the Company and the Bank, reducing regulatory risk. 

Given the consistent earnings and improving
asset quality, the Company s analysis has now concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, it is more likely than not that it
will generate sufficient taxable income within the applicable carry-forward periods to realize its net deferred tax asset. As such,
the full valuation allowance of $11,997,000 was reversed to income tax expense at September 30, 2016. The Company s net deferred
tax asset was $11,435,000 as of September 30, 2016. Net operating losses available to offset future taxable income amounted to
$23,043,000 at September 30, 2016 and begin expiring in 2028; $1,257,000 of such amount is subject to a limitation by Section 382
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to $908,000 per year. 

Commercial banking organizations conducting
business in Virginia are not subject to Virginia income taxes. Instead, they are subject to a franchise tax based on bank capital.
The Company recorded franchise tax expense of approximately $19,000 and $56,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively. Due to the Company s adjusted capital level we were not subject to franchise tax expense for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Balance Sheet Analysis  

Our total assets increased to $446,291,000
at September 30, 2016 from $419,941,000 at December 31, 2015, an increase of $26,350,000, or 6.3%. There were increases in loans
outstanding of $26,765,000, cash and cash equivalents of $14,496,000 and other assets of $9,377,000 related to the reversal of
the valuation allowance previously recorded against the net deferred tax asset of $11,997,000. These increases were offset by decreases
in assets held for sale of $11,790,000 due to the sale of our previous headquarters building at the Watkins Centre, investment
securities of $11,147,000 due to the sale of securities to reduce our interest rate exposure, and other real estate owned of $2,628,000
due to sale of several properties. 

Loans   

A management objective is to maintain the
quality of the loan portfolio. The Company seeks to achieve this objective by maintaining rigorous underwriting standards coupled
with regular evaluation of the creditworthiness of and the designation of lending limits for each borrower. The portfolio strategies
include seeking industry and loan size diversification in order to minimize credit exposure and originating loans in markets with
which the Company is familiar. 

The Company s real estate loan portfolios,
which represent approximately 73% of all loans, are secured by mortgages on real property located principally in the Commonwealth
of Virginia. Sources of repayment are from the borrower s operating profits, cash flows and liquidation of pledged collateral.
The Company s commercial and industrial loan portfolio represents approximately 11% of all loans. Loans in this category
are typically made to individuals, small and medium-sized businesses and range between $250,000 and $2.5 million. Based on underwriting
standards, commercial and industrial loans may be secured in whole or in part by collateral such as liquid assets, accounts receivable,
equipment, inventory, and real property. The collateral securing any loan may depend on the type of loan and may vary in value
based on market conditions. The remainder of our loan portfolio is in consumer loans which represent 16% of the total. 

The following table presents the composition
of our loan portfolio (excluding mortgage loans held for sale) at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

The Company assigns risk rating classifications
to its loans. These risk ratings are divided into the following groups: 

Risk
                                         rated 1 to 4 loans are considered of sufficient quality to preclude an adverse rating.
                                         These assets generally are well protected by the current net worth and paying capacity
                                         of the obligor or by the value of the asset or underlying collateral;    

Risk
                                         rated 5 loans are defined as having potential weaknesses that deserve management s
                                         close attention;    

Risk
                                         rated 6 loans are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity
                                         of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any; and,     

Risk
                                         rated 7 loans have all the weaknesses inherent in substandard loans, with the added characteristics
                                         that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently
                                         existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.    

Loans are considered impaired when, based
on current information and events it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the
original contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled principal and interest payments. Impairment is evaluated
in total for smaller-balance loans of a similar nature and on an individual loan basis for other loans. If a loan is impaired,
a specific valuation allowance is allocated, if necessary, so that the loan is reported net, at the present value of estimated
future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from
the collateral. Interest payments on impaired loans are typically applied to principal unless collectability of the principal
amount is reasonably assured, in which case interest is recognized on a cash basis. Impaired loans, or portions thereof, are charged
off when deemed uncollectible. 

Allowance for
loan losses   

We monitor and maintain an allowance for
loan losses to absorb an estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. We maintain policies and procedures that
address the systems of controls over the following areas of maintenance of the allowance: the systematic methodology used to determine
the appropriate level of the allowance to provide assurance they are maintained in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America; the accounting policies for loan charge-offs and recoveries; the assessment and measurement
of impairment in the loan portfolio; and the loan grading system. 

The allowance reflects management s
best estimate of probable losses within the existing loan portfolio and of the risk inherent in various components of the loan
portfolio, including loans identified as impaired as required by FASB Codification Topic 310:  Receivables . Loans evaluated
individually for impairment include non-performing loans, such as loans on non-accrual, loans past due by 90 days or more, restructured
loans and other loans selected by management. The evaluations are based upon discounted expected cash flows or collateral valuations.
If the evaluation shows that a loan is individually impaired, then a specific reserve is established for the amount of impairment. 

Loans are grouped by similar characteristics,
including the type of loan, the assigned loan classification and the general collateral type. A loss rate reflecting the expected
loss inherent in a group of loans is derived based upon historical net charge-off rates, the predominant collateral type for the
group and the terms of the loan. The resulting estimate of losses for groups of loans is adjusted for relevant environmental factors
and other conditions of the portfolio of loans and leases, including: borrower and industry concentrations; levels and trends
in delinquencies, charge-offs and recoveries; changes in underwriting standards and risk selection; level of experience, ability
and depth of lending management; and national and local economic conditions. 

The amounts of estimated impairment for
individually evaluated loans and groups of loans are added together for a total estimate of loan losses. This estimate of losses
is compared to our allowance for loan losses as of the evaluation date and, if the estimate of losses is greater than the allowance,
an additional provision to the allowance would be made. If the estimate of losses is less than the allowance, the degree to which
the allowance exceeds the estimate is evaluated to determine whether the allowance falls outside a range of estimates. We recognize
the inherent imprecision in estimates of losses due to various uncertainties and variability related to the factors used, and
therefore a reasonable range around the estimate of losses is derived and used to ascertain whether the allowance is too high.
If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail and it is determined that the allowance is not adequate to absorb the new
estimate of probable losses, an additional provision for loan losses would be made, which amount may be material to the financial
statements. 

The allowance for loan losses at September
30, 2016 was $3,419,000, compared to $3,562,000 at December 31, 2015. The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to gross portfolio
loans (net of unearned income and excluding mortgage loans held for sale) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 1.02%
and 1.16%, respectively. The decrease in the allowance for loan losses for the first nine months of 2016 was primarily a result
of charge offs recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We believe the amount of the allowance for loan losses
at September 30, 2016 is adequate to absorb the losses that can reasonably be anticipated from the loan portfolio at that date. 

The following table presents an analysis
of the changes in the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

(1) Loans are net of unearned income. 

Asset quality   

The following table summarizes asset quality information at
the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

(1)   All loans 90 days past due and still accruing
are rehabilitated student loans which have a 98% guarantee by the DOE. 

   (2)   Loans are net of unearned income and deferred
cost. 

   (3)   Nonperforming assets excludes performing
troubled debt restructurings. 

The following table presents an analysis of the changes in
nonperforming assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

Until a nonperforming restructured loan has performed in accordance
with its restructured terms for a minimum of six months, it will remain on nonaccrual status. 

Interest is accrued on outstanding loan
principal balances, unless the Company considers collection to be doubtful. Commercial and unsecured consumer loans are designated
as non-accrual when the Company considers collection of expected principal and interest doubtful. Mortgage loans and most other
types of consumer loans past due 90 days or more may remain on accrual status if management determines that concern over our ability
to collect principal and interest is not significant. When loans are placed on non-accrual status, previously accrued and unpaid
interest is reversed against interest income in the current period and interest is subsequently recognized only to the extent
cash is received. Interest accruals are resumed on such loans only when in the judgment of management, the loans are estimated
to be fully collectible as to both principal and interest. 

Of the total nonaccrual loans of $2,527,000
at September 30, 2016 that were considered impaired, 12 loans totaling $1,190,000 had specific allowances for loan losses totaling
$128,000. This compares to $3,718,000 in nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2015 of which 12 loans totaling $2,112,000 had specific
allowances for loan losses of $370,000. 

Cumulative interest income that would
have been recorded had nonaccrual loans been performing would have been approximately $121,000   and
$145,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Deposits   

Deposits as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Total deposits increased by $14,372,000,
or 3.9%, from $364,848,000 at December 31, 2015 to $379,220,000 at September 30, 2016, as compared to a decrease of $9,821,000,
or 2.6%, during the first nine months of 2015. Checking and savings accounts increased by $9,049,000, money market accounts increased
by $5,364,000 and time deposits decreased by $41,000. The cost of our interest-bearing deposits declined to 0.81% for the first
nine months of 2016 compared to 0.83% for the first nine months of 2015. 

The variety of deposit accounts that we
offer has allowed us to be competitive in obtaining funds and has allowed us to respond with flexibility to, although not to eliminate,
the threat of disintermediation (the flow of funds away from depository institutions such as banking institutions into direct
investment vehicles such as government and corporate securities). Our ability to attract and retain deposits, and our cost of
funds, has been, and is expected to continue to be, significantly affected by money market conditions. 

Borrowings  

We utilize borrowings to supplement deposits
when they are available at a lower overall cost to us or they can be invested at a positive rate of return. 

As a member of the FHLB, the Bank is required
to own capital stock in the FHLB and is authorized to apply for borrowings from the FHLB. Each FHLB credit program has its own
interest rate, which may be fixed or variable, and range of maturities. The FHLB may prescribe the acceptable uses to which the
advances may be put, as well as on the size of the advances and repayment provisions. Borrowings from the FHLB were $8,200,000
and $6,000,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The FHLB advances are secured by the pledge of investment
securities and loans. 

Capital resources  

On May 1, 2009, as part of the Capital
Purchase Program established by the U.S. Department of the Treasury under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, the
Company entered into a Letter Agreement and Securities Purchase Agreement Standard Terms with the Treasury, pursuant to
which the Company sold (i) 14,738 shares of the Company s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A,
par value $4.00 per share, having a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and (ii) a Warrant to purchase 31,190 shares of
the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of $4.43 per share, subject to certain anti-dilution and other adjustments,
for an aggregate purchase price of $14,738,000 in cash. The fair value of the preferred stock was estimated using discounted cash
flow methodology at an assumed market equivalent rate of 13%, with 20 quarterly payments over a five year period, and was determined
to be $10,208,000. The fair value of the Warrant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with assumptions
of 25% volatility, a risk-free rate of 2.03%, a yield of 6.162% and an estimated life of 5 years, and was determined to be $534,000.
The aggregate fair value for both the preferred stock and Warrant was determined to be $10,742,000 with 95% of the aggregate attributable
to the preferred stock and 5% attributable to the Warrant. Therefore, the $14,738,000 issuance was allocated with $14,006,000
being assigned to the preferred stock and $732,000 being allocated to the common stock warrant. The difference between the $14,738,000
face value of the preferred stock and the amount allocated of $14,006,000 to the preferred stock was accreted as a discount on
the preferred stock using the effective interest rate method over five years. 

The preferred stock qualifies as Tier
1 capital and paid cumulative dividends at a rate of 5% until May 1, 2014, at which time the rate increased to 9%. The preferred
stock is generally non-voting, other than on certain matters that could adversely affect the preferred stock. 

The Warrant is immediately exercisable.
The Warrant provides for the adjustment of the exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
pursuant to customary anti-dilution provisions, such as upon stock splits or distributions of securities or other assets to holders
of common stock, and upon certain issuances of common stock at or below a specified price relative to the then-current market
price of common stock. The Warrant expires ten years from the issuance date. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Treasury
has agreed not to exercise voting power with respect to any shares of common stock issued upon exercise of the Warrant. 

In accordance with the Company s
written agreement with the Reserve Bank, the Company has been deferring quarterly cash dividends on the preferred stock since
May 2011. The total arrearage on such preferred stock as of September 30, 2016 was $2,624,269. This amount has been accrued for
and is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. With the termination of the Written Agreement as of July
28, 2016, the Company is not required to defer the quarterly cash dividends on the preferred stock, however the Company is evaluating
various options with respect to the preferred stock. 

In November 2013, the Company participated
in a successful auction of the Company s preferred stock by the Treasury that resulted in the purchase of the securities
by private and institutional investors. 

On December 4, 2013, the Company issued
1,086,500 new shares of common stock through a private placement to directors and executive officers. The sale raised $1,684,075
in new capital for the Company. The $24.80 sale price for the common shares was equal to the stock s book value at September
30, 2013, which represented a 30% premium over the closing price of the stock on December 3, 2013. 

On August
6, 2014, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Virginia State Corporation Commission
to effect a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock which became effective on August 8, 2014. As a result of the reverse
split, every sixteen shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were consolidated into one issued and outstanding
share of common stock . 

On March 27, 2015, the Company completed
a rights offering to shareholders and concurrent standby offering to Kenneth R. Lehman, in which the Company issued an aggregate
of 1,051,866 shares of common stock (the total number of shares offered) at $13.87 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $14,589,381
(including the value of the Company s preferred stock exchanged by Mr. Lehman for shares of common stock of $4,618,813).
In connection with the Rights Offering, 283,293 shares were issued to shareholders upon exercise of their basic subscription rights
and 191,773 shares were issued to shareholders upon exercise of their oversubscription privileges (approximately 36.9% of the
total number of shares requested pursuant to oversubscription privileges). In connection with the Standby Offering, Mr. Lehman
purchased an aggregate of 576,800 shares of the Company s common stock, 333,007 of which were issued in exchange for 9,023
shares of the Company s preferred stock and 243,793 of which were purchased for cash. Also, as part of the Standby Offering,
Mr. Lehman forgave $2,215,009 in accrued and unpaid dividends on the preferred stock. 

The Company meets eligibility criteria
of a small bank holding company in accordance with the Federal Reserve Board s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement
issued in February 2015, and is no longer obligated to report consolidated regulatory capital. The Bank continues to be subject
to various capital requirements administered by banking agencies. 

Under the
final capital rules that became effective on January 1, 2015, there was a requirement for a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation
buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, which is in addition to the other minimum risk-based capital standards in the rule. Institutions
that do not maintain this required capital buffer will become subject to progressively more stringent limitations on the percentage
of earnings that can be paid out in dividends or used for stock repurchases and on the payment of discretionary bonuses to senior
executive management. The capital buffer requirement is being phased in over three years beginning in 2016. We have included the
0.625% increase for 2016 in our minimum capital adequacy ratios in the table below. The capital buffer requirement effectively
raises the minimum required common equity Tier 1 capital ratio to 7.0%, the Tier 1 capital ratio to 8.5%, and the total capital
ratio to 10.5% on a fully phased-in basis on January 1, 2019. Management believes that, as of September 30, 2016,  the Company
 would meet all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules on a fully phased-in
basis as if all such requirements were currently in effect.  

The following table presents the composition
of regulatory capital and the capital ratios for the Bank at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Federal regulatory agencies are required
by law to adopt regulations defining five capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly
undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. The Bank met the ratio criteria to be categorized as a  well capitalized 
institution as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. However, due to the minimum capital ratios required by the prior Consent Order,
the Bank was considered adequately capitalized in 2014 and 2013. The MOU required the Bank to maintain a leverage ratio of at
least 8% and a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 12%. Primarily as a result of the Company s Rights
Offering and Standby Offering completed on March 27, 2015, the Bank s leverage ratio increased to 9.33% and the total capital
to risk-weighted assets ratio was 14.02%, exceeding the ratios required by the MOU. With the termination of the Consent Order
and MOU, the Bank is considered well capitalized at September 30, 2016. When capital falls below the  well capitalized 
requirement, consequences can include: new branch approval could be withheld, more frequent examinations by the FDIC; brokered
deposits cannot be renewed without a waiver from the FDIC; and other potential limitations as described in FDIC Rules and Regulations
Sections 337.6 and 303, and FDIC Act Section 29. In addition, the FDIC insurance assessment increases when an institution falls
below the  well capitalized  classification. 

Liquidity 

Liquidity represents the ability of a
company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss, and the ability to raise additional funds by
increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves monitoring our sources and uses of funds in order to meet our day-to-day
cash flow requirements while maximizing profits. Liquidity management is made more complicated because different balance sheet
components are subject to varying degrees of management control. For example, the timing of maturities of our investment portfolio
is fairly predictable and subject to a high degree of control at the time investment decisions are made. However, net deposit
inflows and outflows are far less predictable and are not subject to the same degree of control. 

At September 30, 2016, our liquid assets,
consisting of cash, cash equivalents and investment securities available for sale totaled $58,530,000, or 13% of total assets.
Investment securities traditionally provide a secondary source of liquidity since they can be converted into cash in a timely
manner. However, approximately $7,000,000 of these securities are pledged against current and potential fundings. 

Our holdings of liquid assets plus the
ability to maintain and expand our deposit base and borrowing capabilities serve as our principal sources of liquidity. We plan
to meet our future cash needs through the liquidation of temporary investments, the generation of deposits, and from additional
borrowings. In addition, we will receive cash upon the maturity and sale of loans and the maturity of investment securities. We
maintain two federal funds lines of credit with correspondent banks totaling $10 million for which there were no borrowings against
the lines at September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, we had commitments
to originate $86,423,000 of loans. Fixed commitments to incur capital expenditures were approximately $200,000 at September 30
2016. Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature in the 12-month period ending September 30, 2017 totaled $68,081,000. We believe
that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with us. We further believe that deposit growth, loan repayments and other
sources of funds will be adequate to meet our foreseeable short-term and long-term liquidity needs. 

Interest rate sensitivity 

An important element of asset/liability
management is the monitoring of our sensitivity to interest rate movements. In order to measure the effects of interest rates
on our net interest income, management takes into consideration the expected cash flows from the securities and loan portfolios
and the expected magnitude of the repricing of specific asset and liability categories. We evaluate interest sensitivity risk
and then formulate guidelines to manage this risk based on management s outlook regarding the economy, forecasted interest
rate movements and other business factors. Our goal is to maximize and stabilize the net interest margin by limiting exposure
to interest rate changes. 

Contractual principal repayments of loans
do not necessarily reflect the actual term of our loan portfolio. The average lives of mortgage loans are substantially less than
their contractual terms because of loan prepayments and because of enforcement of due-on-sale clauses, which gives us the right
to declare a loan immediately due and payable in the event, among other things, the borrower sells the real property subject to
the mortgage and the loan is not repaid. In addition, certain borrowers increase their equity in the security property by making
payments in excess of those required under the terms of the mortgage. 

The sale of fixed rate loans is intended
to protect us from precipitous changes in the general level of interest rates. The valuation of adjustable rate mortgage loans
is not as directly dependent on the level of interest rates as is the value of fixed rate loans. As with other investments, we
regularly monitor the appropriateness of the level of adjustable rate mortgage loans in our portfolio and may decide from time
to time to sell such loans and reinvest the proceeds in other adjustable rate investments. 

Critical accounting policies  

General   

The accounting and reporting policies
of the Company and its subsidiary are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and conform to general practices within the banking industry. The Company s financial position and results of operations
are affected by management s application of accounting policies, including estimates, assumptions and judgments made to
arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities, and amounts reported for revenues, expenses and related disclosures. Different
assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in the Company s consolidated financial
position and/or results of operations. 

The more critical accounting and reporting
policies include the Company s accounting for the allowance for loan losses, troubled debt restructurings, real estate acquired
in settlement of loans and income taxes. The Company s accounting policies are fundamental to understanding the Company s
consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. 

The following is a summary of the Company s
critical accounting policies that are highly dependent on estimates, assumptions, and judgments. 

Allowance for loan losses   

We monitor and maintain an allowance for
loan losses to absorb an estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. We maintain policies and procedures that
address the systems of controls over the following areas of maintenance of the allowance: the systematic methodology used to determine
the appropriate level of the allowance to provide assurance they are maintained in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America; the accounting policies for loan charge-offs and recoveries; the assessment and measurement
of impairment in the loan portfolio; and the loan grading system. 

The allowance reflects management s
best estimate of probable losses within the existing loan portfolio and of the risk inherent in various components of the loan
portfolio, including loans identified as impaired as required by FASB Codification Topic 310:  Receivables.  Loans evaluated
individually for impairment include non-performing loans, such as loans on non-accrual, loans past due by 90 days or more, restructured
loans and other loans selected by management. The evaluations are based upon discounted expected cash flows or collateral valuations.
If the evaluation shows that a loan is individually impaired, then a specific reserve is established for the amount of impairment. 

Loans are grouped by similar characteristics,
including the type of loan, the assigned loan classification and the general collateral type. A loss rate reflecting the expected
loss inherent in a group of loans is derived based upon estimates of default rates for a given loan grade, the predominant collateral
type for the group and the terms of the loan. The resulting estimate of losses for groups of loans is adjusted for relevant environmental
factors and other conditions of the portfolio of loans and leases, including: borrower and industry concentrations; levels and
trends in delinquencies, charge-offs and recoveries; changes in underwriting standards and risk selection; level of experience,
ability and depth of lending management; and national and local economic conditions. 

The amounts of estimated impairment for
individually evaluated loans and groups of loans are added together for a total estimate of loan losses. This estimate of losses
is compared to our allowance for loan losses as of the evaluation date and, if the estimate of losses is greater than the allowance,
an additional provision to the allowance would be made. If the estimate of losses is less than the allowance, the degree to which
the allowance exceeds the estimate is evaluated to determine whether the allowance falls outside a range of estimates. If the
estimate of losses is below the range of reasonable estimates, the allowance would be reduced by way of a credit to the provision
for loan losses. We recognize the inherent imprecision in estimates of losses due to various uncertainties and variability related
to the factors used, and therefore a reasonable range around the estimate of losses is derived and used to ascertain whether the
allowance is too high. If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail and it is determined that the allowance is not adequate
to absorb the new estimate of probable losses, an additional provision for loan losses would be made, which amount may be material
to the financial statements. 

During the fourth quarter of 2015, we
adopted a software solution for the analysis of the allowance for loan losses. While our methodology of evaluating the adequacy
of the allowance for loan losses generally did not change, the software is more robust in that it: 

allows
                                         us to take a more measureable approach to our evaluation of qualitative factors such
                                         as economic conditions that may affect loss experience; and    

is
                                         widely used by community banks which provides peer data that can be used as a benchmark
                                         for comparison to our analysis.    

In addition to the adoption of the software
solution for our analysis, we reviewed the last twenty years of historical loss data for peer banks in Virginia to assist us in
our evaluation of environmental factors and other conditions that could affect the loan portfolio and the overall adequacy of
the allowance for loan losses. 

Troubled debt restructurings   

A loan is accounted for as a TDR if we,
for economic or legal reasons, grant a concession to a borrower considered to be experiencing financial difficulties that we would
not otherwise consider. A TDR may involve the receipt of assets from the debtor in partial or full satisfaction of the loan, or
a modification of terms such as a reduction of the stated interest rate or balance of the loan, a reduction of accrued interest,
an extension of the maturity date or renewal of the loan at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for a new
loan with similar risk, or some combination of these concessions. TDRs can be in either accrual or nonaccrual status. Nonaccrual
TDRs are included in nonperforming loans. Accruing TDRs are generally excluded from nonperforming loans as it is considered probable
that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. TDRs generally remain categorized
as nonperforming loans and leases until a six-month payment history has been maintained. 

In accordance with current accounting
guidance, loans modified as TDRs are, by definition, considered to be impaired loans.  Impairment for these loans is measured
on a loan-by-loan basis similar to other impaired loans as described above under   Allowance for loan losses  . 
Certain loans modified as TDRs may have been previously measured for impairment under a general allowance methodology (i.e., pooling),
thus at the time the loan is modified as a TDR the allowance will be impacted by the difference between the results of these two
measurement methodologies.  Loans modified as TDRs that subsequently default are factored into the determination of the allowance
in the same manner as other defaulted loans. 

Real estate acquired in settlement
of loans   

Real estate acquired in settlement of
loans represent properties acquired through foreclosure or physical possession.  Write-downs to fair value less cost to sell
of foreclosed assets at the time of transfer are charged to allowance for loan losses.  Subsequent to foreclosure, the Company
periodically evaluates the value of foreclosed assets held for sale and records an impairment charge for any subsequent declines
in fair value less selling costs.  Subsequent declines in value are charged to operations.  Fair value is based on an
assessment of information available at the end of a reporting period and depends upon a number of factors, including historical
experience, economic conditions, and issues specific to individual properties.  The evaluation of these factors involves
subjective estimates and judgments that may change. 

Income taxes   

The net deferred tax asset is included
in other assets on the balance sheet. Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740,  Income Taxes , requires that companies
assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against their deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all
available evidence using a  more likely than not  standard. Management considers both positive and negative evidence
and analyzes changes in near-term market conditions as well as other factors which may impact future operating results. In making
such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. The deferred tax assets are analyzed
quarterly for changes affecting realization. 

There was an $11,352,000 income tax benefit
recorded for the third quarter of 2016 compared to no tax expense for the third quarter of 2015.  For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the income tax benefit was $11,352,000 compared to no income tax expense for the same period in 2015. The
income tax benefit in 2016 was primarily due to the reversal of an $11,997,000 valuation allowance previously recorded against
the net deferred tax asset. This valuation allowance was first recorded in the fourth quarter of 2011 due to the uncertainty of
whether or not the Company would be able to realize the asset. 

In assessing the Company s ability
to realize its net deferred tax asset, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
net deferred tax asset will or will not be realized.  The Company s ultimate realization of the net deferred tax asset
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible. 
Management considers the nature and amount of historical and projected future taxable income, the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax assets and liabilities, and available tax planning strategies in making this assessment.  The amount of net deferred
taxes recognized could be impacted by changes to any of these variables. 

Each quarter, the Company weighs both
the positive and negative information with respect to realization of the net deferred tax asset and analyzes its position as to
whether or not a valuation allowance is required. Over the past several quarters, the positive information has been increasing
while the negative information has been decreasing. Over the last seven quarters, the Company has demonstrated consistent earnings
while its level of non-performing assets which was the primary cause of the Company s losses has steadily decreased. Additionally,
the Federal Reserve Bank, the FDIC and the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions have terminated their formal agreements with
the Company and the Bank, reducing regulatory risk. 

Given the consistent earnings and improving
asset quality, the Company s analysis has now concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, it is more likely than not that
it will generate sufficient taxable income within the applicable carry-forward periods to realize its net deferred tax asset.
As such, the full valuation allowance of $11,997,000 was reversed to income tax expense at September 30, 2016. The Company s
net deferred tax asset was $11,435,000 as of September 30, 2016. Net operating losses available to offset future taxable income
amounted to $23,043,000 at September 30, 2016 and begin expiring in 2028; $1,257,000 of such amount is subject to a limitation
by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to $908,000 per year. 

Amendment to Village Bank Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan  

On July 9, 2016, the Bank amended its
supplemental executive retirement plan to provide that the participants  benefits will vest upon a change of control of
the Bank. The plan previously provided that a participant s benefits would vest upon a change of control only if the participant
experienced a qualifying termination of employment within 12 months after the change of control. 

Impact
of inflation and changing prices   

The Company s consolidated financial
statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America, which require the Company to measure financial position and operating results primarily in terms of historical dollars.
Changes in the relative value of money due to inflation or recession are generally not considered. The primary effect of inflation
on the operations of the Company is reflected in increased operating costs. In management s opinion, changes in interest
rates affect the financial condition of a financial institution to a far greater degree than changes in the inflation rate. While
interest rates are greatly influenced by changes in the inflation rate, they do not necessarily change at the same rate or in
the same magnitude as the inflation rate. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the control of the
Company, including changes in the expected rate of inflation, the influence of general and local economic conditions and the monetary
and fiscal policies of the United States government, its agencies and various other governmental regulatory authorities. 

ITEM 3   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 4   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

The Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) as of September 30,
2016. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of September 30, 2016 in ensuring that all material information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed summarized and reported with the time periods specified in SEC rules and regulations
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Company s management is also
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified
in connection with the evaluation of it that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

As previously disclosed by the Company,
in March 2013, the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program notified the Company that it was conducting
an investigation of the Company. SIGTARP issued seven subpoenas from March 2013 to November 2016 requesting that the Company produce
certain documents and other information. The Company has been cooperating fully with SIGTARP in providing the requested materials.
The Company cannot predict the duration or the outcome of this investigation, including the effect the investigation and the costs
associated with the investigation could have on the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

In the course of its operations, the Company
may become a party to legal proceedings.  Except as described above, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is party or of which the property of the Company is subject. 

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2   UNREGISTERED SALES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 3   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES  

The Company was previously prohibited
by its Written Agreement with the Reserve Bank from making dividend or interest payments on the preferred stock or trust preferred
capital notes without prior regulatory approval. The Written Agreement was terminated by the Reserve Bank as of July 28, 2016.
The Company is current on its interest payments on the trust preferred capital notes. With the termination of the Written Agreement,
the Company is not required to defer the quarterly cash dividends on the preferred stock, however the Company is evaluating various
options with respect to the preferred stock. At September 30, 2016, the aggregate amount of all of the Company s total accrued
but deferred dividend payments on the preferred stock was $2,624,269. 

ITEM 4   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

None. 

ITEM 5   OTHER INFORMATION  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6   EXHIBITS  

31.1  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer   

31.2  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer   

32.1  
       
      Statement
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

101  
       
      The following materials from the Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets,
(ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements
of Shareholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

VILLAGE
    BANK AND TRUST FINANCIAL CORP.   

Date:   November
    14, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/
    William G. Foster, Jr.   

William
    G. Foster, Jr.   

President
    and    

Chief
    Executive Officer   

Date:   November
    14, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/
    C. Harril Whitehurst, Jr.   

C.
    Harril Whitehurst, Jr.   

Executive
    Vice President and    

Chief
    Financial Officer   

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit  

Number  
       
      Document   

31.1  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer   

31.2  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer   

32.1  
       
      Statement
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

101  
       
      The following materials from the Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets,
(ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements
of Shareholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452169_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, William G. Foster, Jr., certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed the Quarterly Report
                                         on Form 10-Q of Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. for the quarter ended September
                                         30, 2016;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does
                                         not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                                         necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
                                         statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial
                                         statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
                                         all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
                                         the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying
                                         officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
                                         procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
                                         over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
                                         the registrant and have:   

(a)  designed such disclosure controls
                                         and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                                         our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
                                         its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                                         during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  designed such internal control
                                         over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
                                         be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
                                         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                                         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  evaluated the effectiveness of
                                         the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
                                         our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
                                         of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  disclosed in this report any change
                                         in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                                         the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
                                         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
                                         likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
                                         and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying
                                         officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                         over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
                                         of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  all significant deficiencies and
                                         material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
                                         process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  any fraud, whether or not material,
                                         that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   November
    14, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/
    William G. Foster, Jr.   

William
    G. Foster, Jr.   

President
    and    

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452169_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, C. Harril Whitehurst, Jr., certify
that: 

1.  I have reviewed the Quarterly Report
                                         on Form 10-Q of Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. for the quarter ended September
                                         30, 2016;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does
                                         not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                                         necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
                                         statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial
                                         statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
                                         all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
                                         the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
                                         maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
                                         and 15d-15(e))   and internal control over financial
                                         reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
                                         and have:    

(a)  designed such disclosure controls
                                         and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                                         our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
                                         its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
                                         during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  designed such internal control
                                         over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
                                         be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
                                         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                                         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  evaluated the effectiveness of
                                         the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
                                         our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
                                         of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  disclosed in this report any change
                                         in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                                         the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
                                         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
                                         likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
                                         and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying
                                         officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                         over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
                                         of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  all significant deficiencies and
                                         material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
                                         process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  any fraud, whether or not material,
                                         that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   November
    14, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/
    C. Harril Whitehurst, Jr.   

C. Harril Whitehurst,
    Jr.   

Executive Vice
    President and   

Chief Financial
    Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452169_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Village Bank and Trust Financial Corp. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, the
undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350,
as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on their knowledge and belief: (1) the Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in the Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods presented. 

/s/
    William G. Foster, Jr.  
       
      Date:   November
    14, 2016    
 
      William G. Foster,
    Jr.  

President and
    Chief Executive Officer  

/s/
    C. Harril Whitehurst, Jr.  
       
      Date:   November
    14, 2016    
 
      C. Harril Whitehurst,
    Jr.  

Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 vbfc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vbfc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vbfc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vbfc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vbfc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vbfc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

