<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161025_10-Q_edgar_data_1609880_0001062993-16-011866_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>782818</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>37237</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>65166</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>102117</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>353148</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>198330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-011866.hdr.sgml : 20161025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025151320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-011866
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MITU Resources Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001609880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55315
		FILM NUMBER:		161950251

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C11 62B 32C-60
		CITY:			BOGOTA
		STATE:			F8
		ZIP:			11011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		57 22 587 2251

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C11 62B 32C-60
		CITY:			BOGOTA
		STATE:			F8
		ZIP:			11011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-011866.txt : 20161025

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Mitu Resources Inc. - Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549
 
   FORM 10-Q    
 [X] Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
 for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016
   
 or  
 [   ] Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
 (For the transition period from to ).  
 Commission File Number :    000-55315    
    MITU RESOURCES INC.     (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
   (I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  
   Identification No.)  

Cll 62B 32c-60, Bogota, 11011, Colombia    

(Address of principal executive offices)  
   (Zip code)  
    
   +57 22 587 2251      (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days  [X]
Yes        [   ] No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes
[X]        No [   ]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [   ]  
     Accelerated
      filer                   
       [   ]   

Non-accelerated filer   [   ]  
 Smaller Reporting Company [X]   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)  [X]
Yes        [   ] No  
 The number of shares of the Registrant s common stock, par
value $.001 per share, outstanding as of October 24, 2016 was 30,000,000.  

Mitu Resources Inc.  September 30, 2016   

Index   

Condensed Balance Sheets
      (unaudited)   
      F-2

Condensed Statements of
      Operations (unaudited)   
      F-3

Condensed Statements of
      Cash Flows (unaudited)   
      F-4

Notes to the Condensed
      Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      F-6

Mitu Resources Inc.    Condensed
Balance Sheets  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements)  
 F-2  

Mitu Resources Inc.   
  Condensed Statements of Operations  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)
 (unaudited)  
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements)  
 F-3  

Mitu Resources Inc.    Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (unaudited)  
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements)  
 F-6  

Mitu Resources Inc.    Notes to the
Financial Statements  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

1.   
     
        Nature of Operations and Continuance of
      Business    

Mitu Resources Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in
      the State of Nevada on April 17, 2013 and is a mineral exploration and
      production company engaged in the exploration, acquisition, and
      development of mineral properties. The Company holds nine claims in the
      Mitu Gold Mine in Departamento del Vaupes, Colombia and is in the process
      of exploring these claims, as well as raising additional capital for
      future acquisitions. The Company is an exploration stage company with
      limited transactions.   

Going Concern     

These financial statements have been prepared on a going
      concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to realize its
      assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The
      Company has generated no revenues to date, and has an accumulated deficit
      of $124,572. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is
      dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the
      ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment of
      profitable operations from the Company's future business. These factors
      raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a
      going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
      to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and
      classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
      be unable to continue as a going concern.   

The Company s plan of action over the next twelve months
      is to raise capital financing to conduct exploration and drilling on its
      mineral property claims held in Departamento del Vaupes, Colombia as well
      as exploring for new mineral property claims.   

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting
  Policies      

a)  
     
       Basis of Presentation   

These financial statements and related notes are
      presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
      the United States ( US GAAP ), and are expressed in US dollars. The
      Company s fiscal year-end is March 31.   

b)  
     
       Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
      with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
      requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
      reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
      assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
      reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The
      Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to the
      recoverability of mineral properties, and deferred income tax asset
      valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on
      current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it
      believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
      form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
      and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily
      apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company
      may differ materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the
      extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual
      results, future results of operations will be affected.   

c)  
     
       Interim Condensed Financial Statements   

These interim condensed financial statements have been
      prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and in the
      opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal
      recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the Company s financial
      position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods shown. The
      results of operations for such periods are not necessarily indicative of
      the results expected for a full year or for any future period.   

d)  
     
       Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with
      maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash
      equivalents. As at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had
      no cash equivalents.    
 F-7  

Mitu Resources Inc.    Notes to the
Financial Statements  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       (continued)   

e)  
     
       Mineral Property Costs   

The Company has been in the exploration stage since its
      formation on April 17, 2013 and has not yet realized any revenues from its
      planned operations. Mineral property acquisition costs are capitalized as
      incurred. Exploration and evaluation costs are expensed as incurred until
      proven and probable reserves are established. The Company assesses the
      carrying costs for impairment under ASC 360,  Property, Plant, and
      Equipment  at each fiscal quarter end. When it has been determined that a
      mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing
      proven and probable reserves, the costs then incurred to develop such
      property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the
      units-of- production method over the estimated life of the probable
      reserve. If mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any
      capitalized costs will be charged to operations.   

f)  
     
       Asset Retirement Obligations   

As at September 30, 2016, the Company has no asset
      retirement obligations.   

g)  
     
       Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Share   

The Company computes net income (loss) per share in
      accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share . ASC 260 requires
      presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) on the
      face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income
      (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted
      average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period.
      Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares
      outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and
      convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing
      diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining
      the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock
      options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if
      their effect is anti dilutive.   

h)  
     
       Income Taxes   

Potential benefits of income tax losses are not
      recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The
      Company has adopted ASC 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes,  as of its
      inception. Pursuant to ASC 740, the Company is required to compute tax
      asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The potential
      benefits of net operating losses have not been recognized in these
      financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more
      likely than not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward
      in future years.   

i)  
     
       Comprehensive Loss   

ASC 220,  Comprehensive Income,  establishes
      standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive loss and its
      components in the financial statements. As at September 30, 2016 and March
      31, 2016, the Company has no items that represent comprehensive loss and,
      therefore, has not included a schedule of comprehensive loss in the
      financial statements.   

k)  
     
       Financial Instruments   

Pursuant to ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and
      Disclosures  and ASC 825,  Financial Instruments , an entity is
      required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
      unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair
      value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence
      surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial
      instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon
      the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be
      used to measure fair value:   

Level 1    

Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
      liabilities.    
 F-8  

Mitu Resources Inc.    Notes to the
Financial Statements  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       (continued)   

k)  
     
       Financial Instruments (continued)   

Level 2    

Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or
      liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
      active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
      markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active
      markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are
      observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by,
      observable market data.   

Level 3    

Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant
      to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or
  liabilities.   

The Company s financial instruments consist principally
      of cash, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Pursuant to ASC,
      the fair value of cash and cash equivalents is determined based on  Level
      1  inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical
      assets. We believe that the recorded values of all of our other financial
      instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature
      and respective maturity dates or durations.   

l)  
     
       Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

The Company has implemented all new accounting
      pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any
      material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed,
      and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting
      pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on
      its financial position or results of
operations.     
 
 F-9  

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation   
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
       
     This Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) contains
forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, significant
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed, or implied,
by those forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements
by the use of the words may, will, should, could, expects, plans, anticipates,
believes, estimates, predicts, intends, potential, proposed, or continue or the
negative of those terms. These statements are only predictions. In evaluating
these statements, you should consider various factors which may cause our actual
results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. Although we
believe that the exceptions reflected in the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely
from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no
obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any
reason.  
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
  Working Capital   
 
  Cash Flows   
 
  Operating Revenues   
 From April 17, 2013 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016,
the Company has not earned any revenues from its operations. 
  Operating Expenses and Net Loss   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
incurred operating expenses of $9,324 consisting of $8,000 of professional fees
relating to accounting, audit, and legal expenses for the Company s SEC filings,
and $1,324 of transfer agent fees. For the three months ended September 30,
2015, the Company incurred operating expenses of $8,531 consisting of $5,500 of
professional fees relating to accounting, audit, and legal expenses for the
Company s SEC filings, and $3,031 of transfer agent fees. The increase in
transfer agent fees was due to the fact that the Company only incurred SEC
filing costs during the quarter and had no equity transactions or other news
releases. 
 For the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
incurred operating expenses of $38,908 consisting of $25,000 of professional
fees relating to accounting, audit, and legal expenses for the Company s SEC
filings, and $13,908 of transfer agent fees. For the six months ended September
30, 2015, the Company incurred operating expenses of $22,126 consisting of $14,200 of professional fees relating to
accounting, audit, and legal expenses for the Company s SEC filings, and $7,926
of transfer agent fees. The increase in professional fees was due to legal fees
incurred by the Company for work done on the Company s DTC application and
general SEC filings, and an increase in transfer agent fees was due to the costs
incurred for the DTC application. 
 10  

For the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
incurred a net loss of $38,908 and loss per share of $nil compared with a net
loss of $22,126 and loss per share of $nil for the period ended September 30,
2015.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As at September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and total assets
of $428 compared with cash and total assets of $5,842 at March 31, 2016. The
decrease in cash and total assets was due to the excess of cash used for
operating activities compared to cash from financing activities. 
 As at September 30, 2016, the Company had total liabilities of
$95,000 compared with total liabilities of $61,506 at March 31, 2016. The
increase in total liabilities was attributed to an increase in amounts due to
related party of $35,000 with respect to cash funding from the President and
Director of the Company for operational purposes. This was offset by a decrease
in accounts payable of $1,506 as the Company repaid all outstanding day-to-day
operating costs during the period with cash on hand from the additional funding
provided by the President and Director of the Company. 
 As at September 30, 2016, the Company had a working capital
deficit of $94,972 compared with a working capital deficit of $55,664 at March
31, 2016. The increase in working capital deficit was due to the payment of
operating costs relating to the Company s operations that exceeded cash from
financing activities during the period.  
  Cash Flow from Operating Activities   
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
used cash in operating activities of $40,414 compared with $26,521 during the
six months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the use of cash for
operating activities was due to the fact that the Company received more
financing proceeds from the President and Director of the Company which allowed
the Company to repay all outstanding obligations owed to service providers for
day-to-day operating costs. 
  Cash Flow from Investing Activities   
 During the six month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company did not have any investing activities. 
  Cash Flow from Financing Activities   
 During the six month period ended September 30, 2016, the
Company received cash of $35,000 from the President and Director of the Company
for funding of operating activities. The amount due is unsecured, non-interest
bearing, and due on demand. During the six months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company received $30,000 of cash from the President and Director of the Company
for financing activities. 
  Going Concern   
 We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent
upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities.
For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report on our audited financial
statements that they have substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as
a going concern without further financing. 
  Future Financings   
 We will continue to rely on equity sales of our Common Shares
in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional
shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance
that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange
for debt or other financing to fund our operations and other activities. 
  
 11  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are
material to stockholders.  
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements
that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the
financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not
believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been
issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of
operations.  
  Trends   
 We are in the exploration stage, have not generated any revenue
and have no prospects of generating any revenue in the foreseeable future. We
are unaware of any known trends, events or uncertainties that have had, or are
reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our business or income, either
in the long term of short term, other than as described in this section or in
 Risk Factors .  
  Critical Accounting Policies   
 Our discussion and analysis of its financial condition and
results of operations, including the discussion on liquidity and capital
resources, are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an
ongoing basis, management re-evaluates its estimates and judgments.  
 The going concern basis of presentation assumes we will
continue in operation throughout the next fiscal year and into the foreseeable
future and will be able to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities and
commitments in the normal course of business. Certain conditions, discussed
below, are currently present that raise substantial doubt upon the validity of
this assumption. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of the uncertainty.  
 Our intended exploration activities are dependent upon our
ability to obtain third party financing in the form of debt and equity and
ultimately to generate future profitable exploration activity or income from its
investments. As of the date of this report we have not generated revenues, and
have experienced negative cash flow from minimal exploration activities. We may
look to secure additional funds through future debt or equity financings. Such
financings may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms.
 
  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
Procedures and Financial Disclosure   
 None exist.  
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market
Risk   
 None  
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
             As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation,
both the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
were not effective as of September 30, 2016.  
  Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 12  

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1934)
that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, such
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30,
2016.  
  Part II   OTHER INFORMATION   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 None.  
  Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      In addition to other information
set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors
described in our Registration Statement on Form 10-K, which was filed on June
29, 2016. Those factors could materially affect our business, financial
condition or future results. In addition, risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a
materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating
results.  
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   
             None.
 
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
             None.
 
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
             No
information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters
required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is required to be
disclosed herein because we are not the operator of any mine, and we have no
subsidiaries.  
  Item 5. Other Information   
             None.
 
  Item 6. Exhibits   
 
 13  

* Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive
data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or
prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability
under those sections.  
  SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  
 MITU RESOURCES INC. 

Date:      October 24, 2016  
       
     By:  
     /s/ Juan Perez   

Juan Perez   

President and Chief Executive
      Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)

October
      24, 2016  
       
     By:  
     /s/ Nelson Rincon   

Nelson Rincon   

Treasurer and Secretary   

(Principal Financial Officer and
      Principal Accounting   

Officer)    
 14  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

MITU Resources, Inc. - Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Juan Perez, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
      MITU Resources, Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
      reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
      designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
      the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
      registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
      during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
      fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
      affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):   

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
      in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
      which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
      to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
  and   

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
 October 24, 2016  

/s/ Juan Perez

Chief Executive Officer and President   
   
     (Principal Executive Officer)     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

MITU Resources, Inc. - Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Nelson Rincon, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
      MITU Resources, Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
      reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
      designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
      the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
      registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
      during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
      fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
      affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):   

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
      in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
      which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
      to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
  and   

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.    
 October 24, 2016  

/s/ Nelson Rincon

Nelson Rincon   
   
     Treasurer and Secretary   
   
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
      Officer)     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

MITU Resources, Inc. - Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MITU Resources, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Juan Perez, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  

/s/ Juan Perez   

Juan Perez  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

October 24, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

MITU Resources, Inc. - Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MITU Resources, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Nelson Rincon, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mitu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mitu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mitu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mitu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mitu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mitu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

