<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1118384_0001118384-16-000018_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5179236</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>54650</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>180034</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1835379</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1893594</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>813745</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001118384-16-000018.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114141225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001118384-16-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROGERS INTERNATIONAL RAW MATERIALS FUND LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001118384
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				364368292
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51836
		FILM NUMBER:		161993574

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		141 WEST JACKSON BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1340A
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-264-4375

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		141 WEST JACKSON BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1340A
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001118384-16-000018.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 c384-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930 Q3

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended        September   30  , 2016 

or 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from   __________   to  ________ 

Commission File number:       000-51836 

ROGERS INTERNATIONAL RAW MATERIALS FUND, L.P. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

c/o Beeland Management Company, L.L.C.  
					 
						 General Partner  
					 
						 141 West Jackson Boulevard  
					 
						 Suite 13  2  0A  
					 
						 Chicago, Illinois  

60604  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(312) 264-4375 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes [X]    No [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).                                          Yes [X]    No [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer [  ]     Accelerated filer [  ]      Non-accelerated filer [ ]     Smaller reporting company [X]    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).        Yes [   ]  No [ X ] 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following financial statements of   Rogers International Raw Materials Fund  , L.P. are included in Item 1: 

2   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund  , L.P. 

Statements of     Financial Condition   as of   September   30  , 2016     (  Unaudited  )    and   December 31, 201  5     (Audited) 

3   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Condensed     Schedule of Investments   as of   September   30  , 2016    (  Unaudited) 

4   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Condensed     Schedule of Investments   as of December 31, 201  5   (Audited) 

5   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Statements of Operations   for the Three   and   Nine   Months Ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015   (Unaudited) 

6   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund  , L.P. 

Statements of     Changes in   Partners  Capital     (Net Assets)   for   the     Nine     Months Ended     September   30  , 2016   and   201  5     (  Unaudited  ) 

7   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 1.            Significant   Accounting Policies  

Nature of Business and Organization:   Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. (the "Partnership") is an Illinois Limited Partnership that was established in May 2000. The Partnership trades a portfolio primarily of commodity futures and forward contracts, principally on recognized exchanges. The Partnership may also purchase contracts in the over the counter marketplace under certain circumstances. The Partnership invests and trades exclusively on the  long side  of the market. The Partnership s investment strategy is designed to replicate the Rogers International Commodity Index   (the  Index ) and positions are rebalanced monthly to maintain the Index s relative weightings.   James B. Rogers designed the Index. 

The Partnership commenced trading during November 2001   with assets raised from the offering of its original units of limited partnership interest, now referred to as "Series A" units, and offered Series A units through October 2005.     The Partnership began offering Series B units in   November   2010.  Series A units and Series B units are identical with respect to their participation in the profits and losses of the Partnership  ;    however, Series B units do not participate in any Partnership expenses or recoveries related to the bankruptcy of Refco Inc. and its affiliates  .     The Partnership s General Partner and commodity pool operator is Beeland Management Company, L.L.C. (the  General Partner ).    

Accounting Policies  :  The Partnership follows Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ), as established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), to ensure consistent reporting of financial condition and results of operation  .     The Partnership is an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidelines in FASB Topic 946.       

Net Assets:   The valuation of net assets includes open commodity futures contracts owned by the Partnership, if any, at the end of the period. The unrealized gain or loss on these contracts has been calculated based on closing prices on the last business day of each month. Net asset value is determined by subtracting liabilities from assets, which also equals partners  capital. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents:    Cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents represent amounts on deposit with a broker to facilitate payment of expenses and partner withdrawals. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments:    Securities and derivative financial instruments are recorded   on trade date and   at fair value  . 

Deposits with Brokers:    The Partnership deposits assets with brokers subject to Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations and various exchange and broker requirements.  Margin requirements are satisfied by the deposit of cash with such brokers.  The Partnership earns interest income on its assets deposited with the brokers. 

Revenue Recognition:   Futures and forward contracts are recorded on a trade date basis and realized gains or losses are recognized when contracts are liquidated.  Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts (the difference between contract trade price and market price) are reported in the statements of financial condition as a net unrealized gain or loss, as there exists a right of offset of unrealized gains or losses.  Any change in net unrealized gain or loss from the preceding period is reported in the statement of operations.   

Interest Income Recognition:     The Partnership records interest income on the accrual basis. 

Use of Estimates:   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

Foreign Currency Translation:   Foreign currency is translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate prevailing on the last business day of each month.  The Partnership does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities and derivative financial instruments held. Such fluctuations are included with the net realized trading gains or losses. 

Income Taxes:   No   provision for income taxes has been made in these financial statements as each partner is individually responsible for reporting income or loss based on its respective share of the Partnership s income and expenses as reported for income tax purposes. 

The Partnership is generally not subject to examination by U.S. federal or state taxing autho  rities for tax years before 201  3  . The Partnership has   no   material uncertain tax positions, and accordingly, has   not   recorded a liability for the payment of interest or penalties through   September   30  , 2016  . 

8   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

N  ote 1.        Significant Accounting Policies   (Continued) 

Profit and Loss Allocation:     Profits and losses of the Partnership are allocated by series based on the number of units held. 

Withdrawals Payable:    Withdrawals approved by the General Partner prior to month-end with a fixed effective date and fixed amount are recorded as withdrawals payable as of month-end (See Note   5  ).  

Statement of Cash Flows  :  The Partnership has elected not to provide a statement of cash flows as permitted by GAAP as all of the following conditions have been met: 

-  During the year, substantially all of the Partnership s investments were highly liquid; 

-Substantially all of the Partnership s investments are carried at fair value; 

-The Partnership had little or no debt during the year; 

-The Partnership s financial statements include a statement of changes in partners  capital (net assets). 

Note 2  .          Fair Value   Measurement 

As described in Note 1, the Partnership records its investments at fair value.  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The Partnership utilizes valuation techniques to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  Inputs are broadly defined as assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.  Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are categorized within the fair value hierarchy based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their value.   The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to   unobservable inputs (Level 3).    The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1.  Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2.  Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies.   

Level 3.  Inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.  The inputs into the determination of fair value are based upon the best information in the circumstances and may require significant management judgment or estimation. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy.  In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  The Partnership s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the investment.   

The following section describes the valuation techniques     used by the Partnership to measure different financial instruments at fair value and includes the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the financial instrument is categorized. 

The fair values of exchange traded futures contracts are based upon exchange settlement prices.  Money market funds included in cash   and cash equivalents   are valued using quoted market prices.  U.S. Government securities are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value based on quoted prices for identical assets in an active market. These financial instruments are categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The following table summarizes the Partnership s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September   30  , 201  6   and December 31, 201  5   using the fair value hierarchy: 

*See condensed schedules of investments for further description. 

9   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 2.      Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

At   September   30  , 2016   and December 31, 201  5  ,   there were no Level 2 or Level 3 assets or liabilities. The Partnership assesses the levels of the investments at each measurement day, and transfers between levels are recognized on the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were   no   transfers among Levels   1  ,    2   and   3   during the   period ended   September   30  , 2016   and the year ended December 31, 201  5  . 

In addition, substantially all of the Partnership s other assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments and are reflected at fair value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value because of the short maturity of the instruments. 

Note   3.          Derivative   Transactions 

Qualitative disclosures about objectives and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts of gains and losses on derivative instruments, and disclosures about credit-risk related contingent features in derivative agreements are presented. 

The Partnership s business is the speculative trading of futures contracts. The Partnership does not consider any derivative instruments to be hedging instruments, as this term is generally understood under FASB guidance. 

At   September   30  , 2016   and December 31, 201  5  , the Partnership s derivative contracts had the following impact on the statements of financial condition: 

*The net fair value of all asset and liability derivative is included in equity in brokers trading accounts in the statements of financial condition.      

*The net fair value of all asset and liability derivative is included in equity in broker trading accounts in the statements of financial condition. 

10   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 3.         Derivative Transactions (Continued) 

For the   three   and   nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016   and 201  5  , the Partnership s derivative contracts had the following impact on the statement of operations: 

Trading income is exclusive of brokerage commissions. 

For the   three   and   nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016   and   20  1  5  , the monthly average   number   of contracts bought and sold was     2  0  4  ,    2  50  ,     291   and   406     respectively  . 

A  s of   September   30  , 2016   and December 31, 201  5  , the gross and net information related to derivatives eligible for offset had the following impact on the statement of financial condition. 

As of September 30, 2016  

Gross Amount of Recognized Assets and Liabilities  

Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition  

Net Amount of Unrealized Gain Presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition  

Assets  

US and foreign futures contracts  

$  
				 
				 197,402 

$  
				 
				 (134,617)

$  
				 
				 62,785 

Liabilities  

US and foreign futures contracts  

134,617 

(134,617)

-  

Derivatives Assets and Liabilities and Collateral Received by Counterparty   

As of September 30, 2016  

Net Amount of   

Unrealized Gain (Loss)   

Gross Amounts Not Offset in   

Presented in the Statement  

the Statement of Financial Condition  

Counterparty  

of Financial Condition  

Financial Instruments  

Cash Collateral Deposited  

Net Amount  

ADM Investor Services, Inc.  

$  
				 
				 62,785 

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 (62,785)

$  

-  

Total  

$  
				 
				 62,785 

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 (62,785)

$  

-  

11   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 3.         Derivative Transactions   (Continued) 

Note 4  .        A  greements and Related-Party Transactions 

The Limited Partnership Agreement vests all responsibility and powers for the management of the business and affairs of the Partnership with the General Partner, Beeland Management Company, L.L.C. including trading decisions. 

The Partnership pays a monthly management fee to the General Partner equal to   0.08333%   of the net assets of the Partnership at the close of the preceding month (  1.00%   per annum). 

The Partnership is responsible for the administrative and trading expenses related to its operations. The General Partner may incur certain expenses on behalf of the Partnership and charge the Partnership for its allocable portion of these expenses. 

Uhlmann Price Securities L.L.C. ( Uhlmann ), a party related to the General Partner by reason of common management, and from April 2013 to December 2015, common ownership, acts as the selling group manager for the Partnership. The Partnership pays Uhlmann a share of selling fees when units are sold by its registered brokers. Selling fees of up to   2%   of the gross offering proceeds (which includes a   0.50%   reallowance to Uhlmann) were charged to partners  capital upon issuance of Series B Partnership units. 

In addition, there is an annual trailing servicing fee of up to   1%   of the net asset value of the specific partner s capital account payable to the soliciting broker-dealer for ongoing investor services. For all Series B units sold, the total trailing servicing fee is not to exceed   7.99%   of the gross offering proceeds of the units sold. 

The Price Futures Group, Inc. ( PFG ), a related party to the General Partner through common management, and from April 2013 to December 2015, common ownership, acts as the introducing broker for the Partnership, whereby certain accounts of the Partnership are introduced to the Partnership s clearing broker. A portion of the brokerage fee paid by the Partnership for clearing transactions is paid to P  FG  , by the clearing broker. 

12   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 4.        Agreements and Related-Party Transactions   (Continued) 

A summary of fees charged by related parties to the Partnership is as follows: 

Note 5  .                   Partnership Capital and   Withdrawals 

The Partnership accepts contributions as of the close of business on the last business day of each month for investment on the first day of the next succeeding month. The General Partner may accept or reject contributions and waive the minimum contribution amounts in its sole discretion.   

Effective November 1, 2010, the Partnership   began   accepting contributions for Series B units. The Partnership has been closed to Series A units contributions since October 31, 2005.      Effective May 1, 2013, the Partnership ceased offering its units of limited partnership and is no longer accepting contributions.   

The purchase price of a unit is the net asset value per unit as of the end of each calendar month. Net asset value per unit is calculated as the net asset value at month-end divided by the number of outstanding units.   

The Partnership accepts withdrawals on a monthly basis. Requests for withdrawal should be received by the General Partner no later than six business days prior to the end of the month in which an investor chooses to withdraw. Requests for withdrawal should be sent to the General Partner by email, fax, or overnight   courier. 

Note 6  .                Financial Instruments with Off-Balan  ce Sheet Credit and Market Risk 

The Partnership is involved in trading activities that may have market and/or credit risk. Financial instruments employed in the Partnership s operations may have market and/or credit risk in excess of the amounts recorded in the statement of financial condition. 

Market Risk -   Market risks arise from changes in the market value of financial instruments.  Theoretically, the Partnership s exposure is equal to the notional contract value of futures contracts   entered  . Exposure to market risk is influenced by a number of factors, including the relationships between financial instruments, and the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the financial instruments are traded.   

Credit Risk -   Credit risk arises primarily from the potential inability of counterparties to perform in accordance with the terms of a contract.  The Partnership s exposure to credit risk associated with counterparty nonperformance is generally the net unrealized gain on the open positions plus the value of the margin or collateral held by the counterparty.  Exchange-traded financial instruments generally do not give rise to significant counterparty exposure due to the cash settlement procedures for daily market movements and the margin requirements of individual exchanges.   Financial instruments traded off-exchange give rise to the risk of the failure of, or the inability or refusal to perform by, the counterparties to such trades. 

Concentration of Credit Risk -   The Partnership clears all of its futures trades through one clearing broker, ADM Investor Services, Inc.  In the event this counterparty does not fulfill its obligations, the Partnership may be exposed to risk.  This risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the counterparties to these transactions. 

The Partnership has a substantial portion of its assets on deposit with financial institutions in connection with its cash management activities.  In the event of a financial institution s insolvency, recovery of the Partnership s assets on deposit may be limited to the amount of insurance or other protection afforded such deposits. 

The Partnership attempts to minimize this credit risk by monitoring the creditworthiness of the clearing broker and financial institutions. 

13   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note   7  .        F  in  ancial Highlights 

Financial highlights for limited partners for the   three   and   nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016   and 201  5   are as follows: 

14   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 7.        Financial Highlights (Continued) 

The above ratios were calculated for the partners taken as a whole.  The computation of such ratios was not based on the amount of expenses assessed and income allocated to an individual partner s capital account, which may vary from these ratios based on the timing of capital transactions (see Note 5). 

(1)   Annualized. 

(2)   The ratio of expenses to average partners  capital (net asset) values does not include brokerage commissions. 

(3)     Not annualized. 

Note 8  .          Litigation 

The Partnership was a beneficiary of a Litigation Trust which sought recoveries from third parties, related to the 2005 bankruptcy of Refco, Inc. and numerous affiliates (the  Refco Bankruptcy ). In December 2014, the Partnership received additional amounts from the Litigation Trust and sold its interest in any future bankruptcy claims to a third party after giving consideration to such factors as the uncertainty regarding the timing and amount of any future potential distributions.   With these final distributions, the Partnership has received the full value of its allowed claims in the Refco bankruptcy as well as excess recoveries of approximately   $5.9   million. 

All Refco Bankruptcy related recoveries received by the Partnership, including excess recoveries except as described below, have been allocated among all partners in the Partnership who were partners as of October 31, 2005, on a pro-rata basis as   of   October 31, 2005, with redeemed partners receiving cash distributions.   Final cash distributions to redeemed partners from excess recoveries totaled approximately   $434,424   for the year ended December 31, 2014. At December 31, 2014,   $337,499   of excess Refco related recoveries was payable to redeemed limited partners. All cash distributions were paid out to redeemed investors in December 2015. 

The Partnership has reserved   $  54,489   of the excess Refco related recoveries to apply to expenses incurred to administer ongoing communication with, and distributions and reporting to, redeemed limited partners with respect to Refco related recoveries received by the Partnership. These expenses include but are not limited to professional fees, printing, postage, and administration fees. 

15   

Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Note 9  .                   Indemnification  s  

In the normal course of business, the Partnership enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties, both of which provide general indemnifications. The Partnership s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Partnership that have not yet occurred. The Partnership expects the risk of any future obligation under these indemnifications to be remote. 

Note 10  .          Interim Financial Statements 

The statements of financial condition, including the condensed schedule of investments, as of   September   30  , 2016  , the statement of operations   and changes in partners  capital (net assets)   for the   three   and   nine     months   ended   September   30  , 2016     and 201  5     and the accompanying notes to the financial statements are unaudited. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with   GAAP   may be omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  In the opinion of the General Partner, such financial statements and accompanying disclosures reflect all adjustments, which were of a normal and   recurring nature, necessary for   a fair presentation of the financial position as   of   September   30  , 2016  , results of operations   and changes in partner s capital (net assets)   for the   three   and   nine     months   ended   September   30  , 2016     and 201  5  . The results of operation  s     for the   three   and   nine     months ended   September   30  , 2016     and 201  5   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any other period. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Partnership s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 

Note 11  .            Subsequent   Events 

Subsequent to   September   30  ,   2016,     withdrawals totaled approximately     $  25,819  .    

16   

ITEM 2.      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

INTRODUCTION 

The Partnership s   principal   objective is to provide an alternative investment vehicle for investors with diversified investment portfolios.  The Partnership s trading is designed to replicate the positions which comprise the Rogers International Commodity Index.  The Partnership invests and trades in a portfolio of commodity futures and   exchange traded forward contracts  .  The Partnership invests and trades solely on the  long side  of the market.    The General Partner     ( Beeland Management )   manages all business of the Partnership. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The Partnership   raise  d   additional capital only through the sale of Units   offered pursuant to its   offering  , which ceased May 1, 2013  . The Partnership   does not intend to raise any capital through borrowing.  Due to the nature of the Partnership s business, it will make no capital expenditures and will have no capital assets which are not operating capital or assets. 

LIQUIDITY 

Most United States commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in futures contracts prices during a single day by regulations referred to as  daily price fluctuation limits  or  daily limits.   During a single trading day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit.  This may affect the Partnership s ability to initiate new positions or close existing ones or may prevent it from having orders executed.  Futures prices have occasionally moved the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading.  Similar occurrences could prevent the Partnership from promptly liquidating unfavorable positions and subject the Partnership to substantial losses, which could exceed the margin initially committed to such trades.  In addition, even if futures prices have not moved the daily limit, the Partnership may not be able to execute futures trades at favorable prices if little trading in such contracts is taking place. 

Other than these limitations on liquidity, which ar  e inherent in the Partnership s   trading operations, the Partnership s assets are expected to be highly liquid.  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Partnership s net income or loss is directly related to changes in the value of the Index, which the Partnership is designed to replicate, and is not dependent on trading decisions made by   Beeland Management   apart from balancing positions to track the Index.  In periods of general market inflation,   Beeland Management   would expect the   value of the Index to increase; similarly, in periods of general market deflation, Beeland Management would expect the value of the Index to decrease.    The Partnership s performance may   be negative in years when the   Index s performance is positive due to fees charged.  

The components of the Partnership s return are normally the gains and losses recognized from the changes in futures market prices and the interest income earned on cash balances. The mechanics and rules of futures markets allow the Partners  hip to earn interest on   approximately   9  0% to 100% of its assets.    

At   September   30  , 2016   and December 31, 201  5  , the Partnership s net   assets were $  5,635,743     and   $  6,066,169  , respectively  .    

17   

The Partnership pays various fees and expenses on a continuing basis which include management fees,   servicing   fees, and brokerage commission and transaction fees. 

Results of Operations 

201  6 

The Partnership posted a loss of -  4  .  10  % in January.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was   mixed  .  The   metals sector posted a gain of 0.1  9  %  ,   while the   agricultural and   energy   sectors posted losses of   -  0  .  56  %, and -  3  .  37%   respectively. The best performing commodities in   January were   gold, lean hogs, silver, corn and soybean meal  .  The highest grossing commodities were   gold, corn, silver, wheat and soybeans  . 

The Partnership posted a   loss   of   -2.08  % in February.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was mixed.    The   metals sector posted a gain of 1.45%  ,   while the   agricultural and   energy   sectors posted losses of   -1.07  %, and -  2.21%   respectively  .  The best performing commodities in February were   gold, sugar, cocoa-NYSE, zinc and tin  .  The highest grossing commodities were   gold, zinc, silver, aluminum and copper  . 

The Partnership posted a   gain   of   4  .6  9  % in March.  The performance for the Index s sectors   were all   positive  .  The agricultural  ,   energy and metals sectors posted   gains   of   1.  41  %  , 3.  18  %   and   0.2  6  %, respectively.  The best performing commodities in March were   lumber, orange juice, rubber, soybean oil and sugar-NYSE  .  The highest grossing commodities were   light crude, brent crude, natural gas, lumber and RBOB gasoline  . 

The Partnership posted a   gain   of   8.98  % in   April  .    The performance for the Index s sectors were all   positive  .    The agricultural, energy and metals sectors posted   gains   of   1.58  %,   5.56  % and   2.02  %, respectively  . The best performing commodities in   April   were   silver, brent crude, heating oil, soybean meal and gas oil.  The highest grossing commodities were light crude, brent crude, silver, corn and aluminum  . 

The Partnership posted a   loss   of   -  0.43  % in   May  .  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was mixed.    The agricultural and energy sectors posted gains of   0.28  %, and   1.63  %, respectively and the metals sector posted a loss of   -1.97%  .  The best performing commodities in   Ma  y were   orange juice, soybean meal, gas oil, heating oil and sugar.  The highest grossing commodities were light crude, brent crude, soybeans, corn and heating oil  . 

The Partnership posted a   gain   of   1.92  % in   June  .  The performance for   all of   the Index s sectors w  as mixed  .    The metals and energy sectors posted a gains of   1.92  % and   0.37  %, respectively while the agricultural sector posted a loss of -0.  06  %  .  The best performing commodities in   June   were   natural gas, silver, orange juice, sugar and sugar-NYSE.  The highest grossing commodities were natural gas, silver, soybeans, gold and aluminum  . 

The Partnership posted a   loss   of   -5.30  % in   July  .  The performance for   all of   the Index s sectors w  as mixed  .    The   metals sector posted a gain of 1.12%  ,   while the   agricultural and   energy   sectors posted losses of   -1.07  %, and -  5.10%   respectively  .  The best performing commodities in   July   were   silver, cotton, platinum, nickel and coffee-NYSE.  The highest grossing commodities were cotton, silver, platinum, coffee-NYSE and nickel  .    

The Partnership posted a   loss   of   -0.69  % in   August  .  The performance for   all of   the Index s sectors w  as mixed  .    The   energy   sector posted a gain of   2.24  %  ,   while the   agricultural and   metals   sectors posted losses of   -1.  70  %, and -  0.92  %   respectively  .  The best performing commodities in   August   were   gas oil, tin, heating oil, RBOB gasoline and soybean oil.  The highest grossing commodities were light crude, brent crude, RBOB gasoline, heating oil and soybean oil  . 

The Partnership posted a   gain   of   3.83  % in   September  .    The performance for the Index s sectors were all   positive  .    The agricultural, energy and metals sectors posted   gains   of   0.99  %,   2.22  % and   0.88  %, respectively  . The best performing commodities in   September   were   sugar-NYSE, tin, RBOB gasoline, lead and sugar. The highest grossing commodities were light crude, brent crude, corn, RBOB gasoline and copper  . 

201  5 

The Partnership posted a loss of -  5.93  % in January.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was   mixed  .  The   metals sector posted a gain of 0.12%  ,   while the   agricultural and   energy   sectors posted losses of   -2.12  %, and -  3.52  % respectively. The best performing commodities in   January were silver, gold, platinum, sugar and coffee-NYSE.  The highest grossing commodities were silver, gold, platinum, sugar and coffee-NYSE. 

The Partnership posted a gain of 3.39% in February.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was mixed.  The agricultural and energy sectors posted gains of 0.84%, and 3.43%, respectively and the metals sector posted a loss of -0.62%.  The best performing commodities in February were heating oil, RBOB gasoline, brent crude, gas oil and rubber.  The highest grossing commodities were brent crude, RBOB gasoline, heating oil, cotton and copper. 

18   

The Partnership posted a loss of -5.68% in March.  The performance for the Index s sectors were all negative.  The agricultural, energy and metals sectors posted losses of -1.19%, -3.90% and -0.21%, respectively.  The best performing commodities in March were live cattle, lead, orange juice, copper and rough rice.  The highest grossing commodities were live cattle, copper, lead, KC red wheat and orange juice. 

The Partnership posted a gain of 7.39% in April.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was mixed.  The metals and energy sectors posted a gains of 1.12% and 6.72%, respectively while the agricultural sector posted a loss of -0.35%. The best performing commodities in April were brent crude, light crude, RBOB gasoline, lead and zinc.  The highest grossing commodities were light crude, brent crude, RBOB gasoline, aluminum and lead. 

The Partnership posted a loss of -2.72% in May.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was negative.  The agricultural, metals and energy sectors posted losses of -0.56%, -0.97%, and -0.83% respectively. The best performing commodities in May were lumber, rubber, Euro rapeseed, soybean oil and cocoa-NYSE.  The highest grossing commodities were silver, soybean oil, lumber, rubber and Euro rapeseed. 

The Partnership posted a gain of 1.54% in June.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was mixed.  The agricultural sector posted a gain of 3.53%, while the metals and energy sectors posted losses of -1.10%, and -0.66% respectively. The best performing commodities in June were wheat, corn, milling wheat, soybean meal, and soybeans.  The highest grossing commodities were wheat, corn, soybeans, natural gas and KC red wheat. 

The Partnership posted a loss of -11.92% in July.  The performance for the Index s sectors were all negative.  The agricultural, energy and metals sectors posted losses of -3.33%, -6.83% and -1.44%, respectively.  The best performing commodities in July were tin, rough rice, orange juice, cocoa-NYSE, and live cattle.  The highest grossing commodities were tin, rough rice, orange juice, cocoa-NYSE and lean hogs.  

The Partnership posted a loss of -0.85% in August.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was mixed.  The energy sector posted a gain of 0.75%, while the agricultural and metals sectors posted losses of -1.23%, and -0.17% respectively. The best performing commodities in August were lean hogs, heating oil, gold, orange juice and rough rice.  The highest grossing commodities were light crude, brent crude, gold, heating oil and lean hogs. 

The Partnership posted a loss of -4.93% in September.  The performance for all of the Index s sectors was mixed.  The agriculture sector posted a gain of 0.08%, while the energy and metals sectors posted losses of -4.27%, and -0.46% respectively. The best performing commodities in September were sugar, tin, rough rice, sugar-NYSE and wheat.  The highest grossing commodities were wheat, corn, sugar, tin and sugar-NYSE. 

OF  F-BALANCE SHEET RISK 

The term  off-balance sheet risk  refers to an unrecorded potential liability that, even though it does not appear on the balance sheet, may result in future obligation or loss. The Partnership trades primarily in futures and   exchange traded   forward contracts and may therefore become a party to financial instruments with elements of off-balance sheet market and credit risk. In entering into these contracts, there exists a market risk that such contracts may be significantly influenced by conditions, such as interest rate volatility, resulting in such contracts being less valuable. If the markets should move against all of the open positions of the Partnership at the same time, the Partnership could experience substantial losses. 

In addition to market risk, in entering into futures,   exchange-traded   forward, or over the counter contracts there is a credit risk that a counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations to the Partnership. The counterparty for futures contracts traded in the United States and on most foreign exchanges is the clearinghouse associated with such exchange. In general, clearinghouses are backed by the corporate members of the clearinghouse who are required to share any financial burden resulting from the non-performance by one of their members and, as such, should significantly reduce this credit risk. In cases where the clearinghouse is not backed by the clearing members, like some foreign exchanges, it is normally backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions.  In off-exchange transactions, traders must rely solely on the credit of their counterparties.  Margins, which may be subject to loss in the event of a default, are generally required in exchange trading, and counterparties may require collateral in the over-the-counter markets. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   VALUATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP S POSITIONS 

The General Partner   believes that the accounting policies that are most critical to the Partnership s financial condition and results of operations relate to the valuation of the Partnership s positions.  The majority of the Partnership s positions are exchange-traded futures contracts, which are valued daily at settlement prices published by the exchanges.  Any spot or forward foreign  

19   

currency contracts held by the Partnership   are   also valued at published daily settlement prices or at dealers  quotes.  Thus,   the General Partner   expects that under normal circumstances substantially all of the Partnership s assets will be valued on a daily basis using objective measures. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

The Partnership does not engage in off-balance sheet arrangements with other entities. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

The Partnership does not enter into any contractual obligations or commercial commitments to make future payments of a type that would be typical for an operating company or that would affect its liquidity or capital resources.  The Partnership s sole business is trading futures,     exchange-traded   commodity   forward, and  ,     possibly  ,     commodity related   over the counter contracts.  All such contracts are settled by offset, not delivery.    The Partnership s Financial Statements, inc  luded in this report, present a   Schedule of Investments setting forth the   unrealized gain and unrealized loss on the Partnership s open futures contracts at   September   30  , 201  6   (unaudited)   and   December 31, 201  5  . 

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required. 

ITEM   4  .      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

The principal executive officer and principal financial officer of Beeland Management have evaluated the effectiveness of Beeland Management s disclosure controls and procedures with respect to the Partnership as of the end of the fiscal quarter for which this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is being filed and have concluded that Beeland Management has effective disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Partnership is made known to them by others within Beeland Management, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared. There have been no significant changes in Beeland Management s internal controls over financial reporting with respect to the Partnership that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Beeland Management s internal controls over financial reporting with respect to the Partnership. 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None.    

ITEM 1A.     RISK FACTORS 

Not required.  

ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

(c)    Pursuant to the Partnership s Limited Partnership Agreement, investors may redeem their units at the end of each calendar month at the then current month-end net asset value per unit.  The redemption of units has no impact on the value of units that remain outstanding, and units are not reissued once redeemed. 

The following tables summarize the redemptions by investors during the three months ended   September   30  , 2016  . 

20   

ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.      (Removed and Reserved) 

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS    

21   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on   November 14  , 2016  . 

ROGERS INTERNATIONAL RAW MATERIALS FUND, L.P.  

(Registrant)  

By: Beeland Management Company, L.L.C.  

General Partner  

By:   /s/David F. Schink  

David F. Schink  

Manager  

By:   /s/ Marilyn Cleeff  

Marilyn Cleeff  

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer  

22   

<EX-31.01>
 2
 c384-20160930xex31_01.htm
 EX-31.01

Exhibit 3101

EXHIBIT 31.01 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,   David F. Schink  , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 14  , 2016 

By:    /s/   David F. Schink 

David F. Schink 

Manager 

Beeland Management Company, L.L.C. 

General Partner of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 c384-20160930xex31_02.htm
 EX-31.02

Exhibit 3102

EXHIBIT 31.02 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,   Marilyn S. Cleeff  , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 14  , 2016 

By:    /s/   Marilyn S. Cleeff 

Marilyn S. Cleeff 

Principal Fi  nancial and Accounting Officer 

Beeland Management Company, L.L.C. 

General Partner of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 c384-20160930xex32_01.htm
 EX-32.01

Exhibit 3201

EXHIBIT 32.01 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I,   David F. Schink  , a   Manager   of Beeland Management Company, L.L.C., the General Partner of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. (the  Partnership ), certify that (i) the Quarterly Report of the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September   30  , 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date:   November 14  , 2016 

By:    /s/   David F. Schink 

David F. Schink 

Manager 

Beeland Management Company, L.L.C. 

General Partner of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 c384-20160930xex32_02.htm
 EX-32.02

Exhibit 3202

EXHIBIT 32.02 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I,   Marilyn S. Cleeff  ,    Chief Financial Officer of   Beeland Management Company, L.L.C., the General Partner of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. (the  Partnership ), certify that (i) the Quarterly Report of the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September   30  , 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date:   November 14  , 2016 

By:    /s/   Marilyn S. Cleeff 

Marilyn S. Cleeff 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer    

Beeland Management Company, L.L.C. 

General Partner of Rogers International Raw Materials Fund, L.P. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 c384-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 c384-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 c384-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 c384-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 c384-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 c384-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

