<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1516973_0001516973-16-000097_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17253323</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>337369</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1871113</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6663484</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6353564</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1640964</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>114</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001516973-16-000097.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108164136
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001516973-16-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MTGE Investment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001516973
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				450907772
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35260
		FILM NUMBER:		161981753

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301 968-9220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Capital Mortgage Investment Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110330

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001516973-16-000097.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 mtge2016930form10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  Commission file number 001-35260 

MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Maryland 
      
    45-0907772 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

2 Bethesda Metro Center 
  12th Floor 
  Bethesda, Maryland 20814 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
    
  (301) 968-9220 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes      .        No       . 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes      .        No       . 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                          Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
    o 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller Reporting Company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes          No     
    
  The number of shares of the issuer s common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding as of   November 1, 2016   was   45,797,687  .  

MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
     2 
      Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     33 
      Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     68 
      Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     72 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     72 
      Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     72 
      Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     72 
      Item 3. 
    Defaults upon Senior Securities 
     72 
      Item 4.  
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     72 
      Item 5.  
    Other Information 
     72 
      Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
     73 

Signatures 
      
     74 

1 

PART I  
    
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 

MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    2 

MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    3 

MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4 

MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
    5 

MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
  The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of MTGE Investment Corp. (referred to throughout this report as the  Company ,  we ,  us  and  our ) are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all of our wholly-owned subsidiaries.  Significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring accruals, necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements for the interim period have been included.  The current period s results of operations are not necessarily indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved for the year. 
   
  Note 2. Organization 
  We were incorporated in Maryland on March 15, 2011 and commenced operations on August 9, 2011 following the completion of our initial public offering ( IPO ).  We are externally managed by MTGE Management, LLC (our  Manager,  formerly known as American Capital MTGE Management, LLC).  The parent company of our Manager was acquired by AGNC Investment Corp. ( AGNC ), effective July 1, 2016, and as a result of that transaction, we and our Manager are no longer affiliated with American Capital, Ltd.  Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol  MTGE.  
    
  We invest in, finance and manage a leveraged portfolio of real estate-related investments, which we define to include agency residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), non-agency mortgage investments, other mortgage-related investments and other real estate investments.  Agency RMBS include residential mortgage pass-through certificates and collateralized mortgage obligations ( CMOs ) structured from residential mortgage pass-through certificates for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by a government-sponsored enterprise ( GSE ), such as Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ), or by a U.S. Government agency, such as Government National Mortgage Association ( Ginnie Mae ). Non-agency mortgage investments include RMBS backed by residential mortgages that are not guaranteed by a GSE or U.S. Government agency. Non-agency mortgage investments may also include prime and non-prime residential mortgage loans. Other mortgage-related investments may include mortgage servicing rights ( MSR ), credit risk transfer securities ( CRT ), commercial mortgage-backed securities ( CMBS ), commercial mortgage loans and mortgage-related derivatives.  Other real estate investments may include equity and debt investments in skilled nursing, assisted living and senior housing properties operated by third-parties. 
  Our objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders over the long-term through a combination of dividends and net book value appreciation.  In pursuing this objective, we rely on our Manager s expertise to construct and manage a diversified investment portfolio by identifying asset classes that, when properly financed and hedged, are designed to produce attractive risk-adjusted returns across a variety of market conditions and economic cycles. 
  We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Internal Revenue Code ).  As such, we are required to distribute annually at least 90% of our taxable net income.  As long as we continue to qualify as a REIT, we will generally not be subject to U.S. Federal or state corporate taxes on our taxable net income to the extent that we distribute all of our annual taxable net income to our stockholders.  It is our intention to distribute 100% of our taxable net income, after application of available tax attributes, within the time limits prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code, which may extend into the subsequent taxable year. 

6 

Note 3.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Fair Value of Financial Assets 
    
  We have elected the option to account for all of our financial assets, including all mortgage-related investments, at estimated fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in income during the period in which they occur.  In management's view, this election more appropriately reflects the results of our operations for a particular reporting period, as financial asset fair value changes are presented in a manner consistent with the presentation and timing of the fair value changes of hedging instruments.  See Note 10 - Fair Value Measurements. 
    
  Interest Income 
    
  Interest income is accrued based on the outstanding principal amount of the securities and their contractual terms. Premiums or discounts associated with the purchase of agency RMBS and non-agency securities of high credit quality are amortized or accreted into interest income, respectively, over the projected lives of the securities, including contractual payments and estimated prepayments, using the effective interest method.   
    
  We estimate long-term prepayment speeds using a third-party service and market data. The third-party service estimates prepayment speeds for our securities using models that incorporate the mortgage rates, age, size and loan-to-value ratios of the outstanding underlying loans, as well as current mortgage rates, forward yield curves, volatility and other factors.  We review the prepayment speeds estimated by the third-party service and compare the results to market consensus prepayment speeds, if available.  We also consider historical prepayment speeds and current market conditions to validate the reasonableness of the prepayment speeds estimated by the third-party service, and based on our Manager s judgment, we may make adjustments to its estimates.  Actual and anticipated prepayment experience is reviewed at least quarterly and effective yields are recalculated when differences arise between the previously estimated future prepayments and the amounts actually received plus currently anticipated future prepayments.  If the actual and anticipated future prepayment experience differs from our prior estimate of prepayments, we are required to record an adjustment in the current period to the amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts for the cumulative difference in the effective yield through the reporting date. 
    
  At the time we purchase non-agency securities and loans that are not of high credit quality, we determine an effective yield based on our estimate of the timing and amount of future cash flows and our cost basis.  Our initial cash flow estimates for these investments are based on our observations of current information and events and include assumptions related to interest rates, prepayment rates and the impact of default and severity rates on the timing and amount of credit losses.  On at least a quarterly basis, we review the estimated cash flows and make appropriate adjustments, based on inputs and analysis received from external sources, internal models, and our judgment about interest rates, prepayment rates, the timing and amount of credit losses, and other factors.  Any resulting changes in effective yield are recognized prospectively based on the current amortized cost of the investment as adjusted for credit impairment, if any. 
    
  Mortgage Servicing Rights, at Fair Value 
    
  Our MSR represent the right to service mortgage loans for a servicing fee.  MSR are reported at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair value related to changes in valuation inputs and assumptions reported as unrealized loss on MSR on the consolidated statements of operations.  Servicing fees, incentive fees and ancillary income are reported within servicing income on the consolidated statements of operations.  The related servicing expenses and realization of cash flows related to underlying loan repayments, net of recoveries of contractual prepayment protection, are recorded in servicing expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.  See Note 11 - Mortgage Servicing Rights for further discussion on MSR. 
    
  The accounting model used to evaluate whether a transfer of MSR qualifies as a sale is based on a risks and rewards approach, as MSR are not financial assets.  In certain cases where we transferred the economics of MSR while retaining the actual servicing function, we retained the risk associated with servicing and, as a result, the transfer did not qualify for sale accounting.  As such, we retained the MSR, together with an offsetting financing liability on our consolidated balance sheets.  We have elected the option to account for MSR financing liabilities at estimated fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in income during the period in which they occur.  See Note 13 - Accounts Payable and Other Accrued Liabilities for the presentations of our mortgage servicing liability.   
    
  We may be obligated to fund advances of principal and interest payments due to third party loan investors prior to receiving payment on the loans from the individual borrowers.  We may also be obligated to fund advances of real estate taxes  
  
    7 

and insurance, protective advances to preserve the value of the underlying property, and expenses associated with remedial action in respect of defaulted loans.  These servicing advances are reported within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Real Property Owned 
    
  We account for our acquisitions of real property as business combinations. The purchase price is allocated to tangible and intangible assets based on their respective fair values, with acquisition costs expensed as incurred.  Tangible assets primarily consist of land, buildings and furniture, fixtures and equipment.  Depreciable tangible assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which can range from 7 years for furniture, fixtures and equipment to 40 years for buildings.  
  The net book value of long-lived assets is reviewed quarterly on a property by property basis to determine if facts and circumstances suggest that the assets may be impaired or that depreciable lives may need to be changed.  We consider external factors relating to each asset and the existence of a master lease that may link the cash flows of an individual asset to a larger portfolio of assets leased to the same tenant.  If these factors and the projected undiscounted cash flows of the asset over the remaining depreciation period indicate that the asset will not be recoverable, the carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair market value. In addition, we are exposed to the risks inherent in investments in real estate, and in particular, the senior housing and health care industries.  A downturn in these industries or in the real estate markets in which our properties are located could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell properties for a price or terms acceptable to us. 
  Intangible assets can include goodwill and identifiable intangible assets such as above or below market component of in-place leases and the value associated with the presence of in-place tenants or residents.  Goodwill is calculated as the excess of consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the estimated future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.  Goodwill and intangible assets are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and tested annually for impairment and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.  
  Lease and Rental Income 
    
  For operating leases with minimum scheduled rent increases, the Company recognizes income on a straight line basis over the lease term when collectability is reasonably assured. Recognizing lease income on a straight line basis results in a difference in the timing of revenue amounts from what is contractually due. If the Company determines that collectability of straight line lease income is not reasonably assured, future revenue recognition is limited to amounts contractually owed and paid, and, when appropriate, an allowance for estimated losses is established. 
    
  Resident rental income is recorded when services are rendered and includes resident room and care charges, community fees and other resident charges. Residency agreements are generally for a term of 30 days to one year, with resident fees billed monthly.  Revenue for certain care-related services is recognized as the services are provided. 
    
  Noncontrolling Interests 
       
  Arrangements with noncontrolling interest holders are reported as a component of equity separate from the Company s stockholders' equity, recorded at the initial carrying amount, and increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interest s share of net income or loss. Net income attributable to a noncontrolling interest is included in net income on the consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Deferred Loan Expenses 
    
  We amortize deferred financing costs, which are reported within secured debt on our consolidated balance sheets, as a component of interest expense of the secured debt over the terms of the related borrowings using a method that approximates a level yield.  
    
  Repurchase Agreements 
    
  We finance the acquisition of agency RMBS and non-agency securities for our investment portfolio through repurchase transactions under master repurchase agreements.  We account for repurchase transactions as collateralized financing transactions which are carried at their contractual amounts, including accrued interest, as specified in the respective transaction agreements.  The contractual amounts approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities or floating rate coupons. 
  
    8 

Reverse Repurchase Agreements and Obligation to Return Securities Borrowed under Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
  From time to time we borrow securities to cover short sales of U.S. Treasury securities through reverse repurchase transactions under our master repurchase agreements (see   Derivatives   below).  We account for these as securities borrowing transactions and recognize an obligation to return the borrowed securities at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets based on the value of the underlying borrowed securities as of the reporting date. Our reverse repurchase agreements generally mature daily.  The fair value of our reverse repurchase agreements is assumed to equal cost as the interest rates are reset daily. 
  Derivatives 
  We utilize a risk management strategy, under which we may use a variety of derivative instruments to hedge some of our exposure to market risks, including interest rate risk, prepayment risk, extension risk and credit risk.  The objective of our risk management strategy is to reduce fluctuations in net book value over a range of market conditions.  The principal instruments that we currently use are interest rate swaps and options to enter into interest rate swaps ( interest rate swaptions ).   We also utilize forward contracts for the purchase or sale of agency RMBS, or to-be-announced forward ( TBA ) contracts, and short sales of U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Treasury futures contracts.  We may also purchase or write put or call options on TBA securities and we may invest in other types of mortgage derivatives, such as synthetic total return swaps. 
  We also enter into TBA contracts as a means of investing in and financing agency RMBS (thereby increasing our  at 
  risk  leverage) or as a means of disposing of or reducing our exposure to agency RMBS (thereby reducing our  at risk  leverage).  Pursuant to TBA contracts, we agree to purchase or sell, for future delivery, agency RMBS with certain principal and interest terms and certain types of collateral, but the particular agency RMBS to be delivered are not identified until shortly before the TBA settlement date.  We may also choose, prior to settlement, to move the settlement of these securities out to a later date by entering into an offsetting short or long position (referred to as a  pair off ), net settling the paired off positions for cash, and simultaneously purchasing or selling a similar TBA contract for a later settlement date.  This transaction is commonly referred to as a  dollar roll.   The agency RMBS purchased or sold for a forward settlement date are typically priced at a discount to agency RMBS for settlement in the current month.  This difference (or discount) is referred to as the  price drop.   The price drop is the economic equivalent of net interest carry income on the underlying agency RMBS over the roll period (interest income less implied financing cost) and is commonly referred to as  dollar roll income (loss).   Consequently, forward purchases of agency RMBS and dollar roll transactions represent a form of off-balance sheet financing.   
  We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheets, measured at fair value.  As we have not designated any derivatives as hedging instruments, all changes in fair value are reported in earnings in our consolidated statements of operations in unrealized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net during the period in which they occur.  Derivatives in a gain position are reported as derivative assets at fair value and derivatives in a loss position are reported as derivative liabilities at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets.  Cash receipts and payments related to derivative instruments are classified in our consolidated statements of cash flows according to the underlying nature or purpose of the derivative transaction, generally in the investing section. 
  Our derivative agreements generally contain provisions that allow for netting or setting off derivative assets and liabilities with each counterparty; however, we report related assets and liabilities on a gross basis in our consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  The use of derivative instruments creates exposure to credit risk relating to potential losses that could be recognized in the event that the counterparties to these instruments fail to perform their obligations under the contracts.  We attempt to minimize this risk by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings, monitoring positions with individual counterparties and adjusting posted collateral as required.   
    
  Interest rate swap agreements 
    
  We use interest rate swaps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with short-term borrowings made under our repurchase agreement and other financing facilities.  Under our interest rate swap agreements, we typically pay a fixed rate and receive a floating rate based on one, three or six-month LIBOR ( payer swaps ) with terms up to 15 years.  The floating rate we receive under our swap agreements has the effect of offsetting the repricing characteristics of our repurchase agreements and cash flows on such liabilities.  Our swap agreements are privately negotiated in the over-the-counter ( OTC ) market and may be centrally cleared through a registered commodities exchange ( centrally cleared swaps ). 
       
  We estimate the fair value of our centrally cleared interest rate swaps using the daily settlement price determined by the respective exchange.  Centrally cleared swaps are valued by the exchange using a pricing model that references the underlying  
  
    9 

rates, including the overnight index swap rate and LIBOR forward rate, to produce the daily settlement price.  We estimate the fair value of our  non-centrally cleared  interest rate swaps based on valuations obtained from third-party pricing services and the swap counterparty (collectively,  third-party valuations ). The third-party valuations are model-driven using observable inputs consisting of LIBOR and the forward yield curve. We also consider the creditworthiness of both us and our counterparties and the impact of netting and credit enhancement provisions contained in each derivative agreement, such as collateral postings.  All of our  non-centrally cleared  interest rate swaps are subject to bilateral collateral arrangements.  Consequently, no credit valuation adjustment was made in determining the fair value of such instruments.  
    
  The payment of periodic settlements of net interest on interest rate swaps is reported in realized loss on periodic settlements of interest rate swaps, net in our consolidated statements of operations.  Cash payments received or paid for the early termination of an interest rate swap agreement are recorded as realized loss on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations.  Changes in fair value of our interest rate swap agreements are reported in unrealized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  Interest rate swaptions 
    
  We purchase interest rate swaptions to help mitigate the potential impact of larger, more rapid changes in interest rates 
   on the performance of our investment portfolio.  The interest rate swaptions provide us the option to enter into an interest rate swap agreement for a predetermined notional amount, stated term and pay or receive interest rates in the future.  The premium paid for interest rate swaptions is reported as a derivative asset in our consolidated balance sheets.  We estimate the fair value of interest rate swaptions based on the fair value of the future interest rate swap that we have the option to enter into as well as the remaining length of time that we have to exercise the option.  The difference between the premium and the fair value of the swaption is reported in unrealized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations.  If a swaption expires unexercised, the realized loss on the swaption would be equal to the premium paid and reported in realized loss on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations.  If we exercise a swaption, the realized gain or loss on the swaption would be equal to the difference between the fair value of the underlying interest rate swap and the premium paid and reported in realized loss on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations.  
    
  Interest rate swaption agreements are privately negotiated in the OTC market and are not subject to central clearing.  We estimate the fair value of our interest rate swaption agreements based on model-driven valuations obtained from third-party 
  pricing services and the swaption counterparty.  These estimates incorporate observable inputs and include the fair value of the future interest rate swaps that we have the option to enter into, as well as the remaining length of time that we have to exercise the options, adjusted for non-performance risk, if any. 
    
  TBA securities 
    
  A TBA security is a forward contract for the purchase ( long position ) or sale ( short position ) of agency RMBS at a predetermined price, face amount, issuer, coupon and stated maturity on an agreed-upon future date.  The specific agency RMBS delivered into the contract upon the settlement date, published each month by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, are not known at the time of the transaction.  We may enter into TBA contracts as a means of hedging against short-term changes in interest rates.  We may also enter into TBA contracts as a means of acquiring or disposing of agency RMBS and we may from time to time utilize TBA dollar roll transactions to finance agency RMBS purchases.  
    
  We account for all TBA contracts as derivatives since we cannot assert that it is probable at the inception and throughout the term of the contract that it will not settle net and will result in physical delivery of an agency security when it is issued.  A TBA dollar roll transaction is a series of derivative transactions.  The net settlement of a TBA contract is reported as realized loss on other derivatives and securities, net and changes in the fair value of our TBA contracts are reported as unrealized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  We estimate the fair value of TBA securities based on similar methods used to value our agency RMBS. 
    
  U.S. Treasury securities 
    
  We purchase or sell short U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Treasury futures contracts to help mitigate the potential impact of changes in interest rates on the performance of our portfolio.  Realized gains and losses associated with purchases and short sales of U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Treasury futures contracts are recognized in realized loss on other  
  
    10 

derivatives and securities, net, and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in unrealized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net on our consolidated statements of operations. 
   
  Note 4. Agency Securities 
  The following tables summarize our investments in agency RMBS as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

11 

Actual maturities of agency RMBS are generally shorter than the stated contractual maturities.  Actual maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic principal payments and principal prepayments.   
    
  The following table summarizes our agency RMBS as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   according to their estimated weighted average life classification (dollars in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , none of our agency RMBS had an estimated weighted average life of less than   2.6 years   and   3.2 years  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , the estimated weighted average life of our agency security portfolio was   6.5 years   and   7.0 years  , respectively, which incorporates anticipated future prepayment assumptions.  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , our weighted average expected constant prepayment rate ( CPR ) over the remaining life of our aggregate agency investment portfolio was   10.1%   and   8.5%  , respectively.  Our estimates may differ materially for different types of securities and thus individual holdings may have a wide range of projected CPRs. 
  
    12 

Realized Gains and Losses 
  The following table summarizes our net realized gains and losses from the sale of agency RMBS during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands):    

Pledged Assets 
  The following tables summarize our agency RMBS pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements, derivative agreements and FHLB advances by type as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

13 

The following table summarizes our agency RMBS pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements and FHLB advances, by remaining maturity, including securities pledged related to sold but not yet settled securities, as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , none of our repurchase agreement borrowings backed by agency RMBS were due on demand or mature overnight.  As of   September 30, 2016  , all of our FHLB advances backed by agency RMBS had remaining maturities greater than 90 days. 
   
  Note 5.  Non-Agency Securities 
  The following tables summarize our non-agency securities as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

14 

The following table summarizes our non-agency securities at fair value, by their estimated weighted average life classifications as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):  

Our Prime non-agency RMBS include investments in securitization trusts collateralized by prime mortgage loans, which are residential mortgage loans that are considered to have been originated with relatively stringent underwriting standards at the time of origination. Our Prime securities with a combined fair value of   $169.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   are collateralized by loans that were originated between 2002 and 2006, a period of generally weaker underwriting standards and elevated housing prices. As a result, there is still material credit risk embedded in these vintages. As of   September 30, 2016  , Prime securities also include   $37.0   million in fair value of securities with underlying mortgage loans that were originated with more stringent underwriting between 2010 and 2015.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our Prime securities have both fixed and floating rate coupons ranging from   1.1%   to   6.5%  , and have underlying collateral with weighted average coupons ranging from   2.9%   to   5.5%  . 
    
  Our CRT securities reference the performance of loans that have been guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, subject to their underwriting standards.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our CRT securities have floating rate coupons ranging from   3.1%   to   6.5%  , with weighted average coupons of underlying collateral ranging from   3.6%   to   4.6%  . The loans underlying our CRT securities were originated between 2012 and 2015. 
    
  Our Alt-A non-agency RMBS are collateralized by Alt-A mortgage loans that were originated from 2002 to 2007. Alt-A, or alternative A-paper, mortgage loans are considered to have more credit risk than prime mortgage loans and less credit risk than sub-prime mortgage loans. Alt-A loans are typically characterized by borrowers with less than full documentation, lower credit scores, higher loan-to-value ratios and a higher percentage of investment properties.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our Alt-A securities have both fixed and floating rate coupons ranging from   0.6%   to   6.5%   with weighted average coupons of underlying collateral ranging from   3.1%   to   6.7%  .  
    
  Our Option-ARM non-agency RMBS include senior tranches in securitization trusts that are collateralized by residential mortgages that have origination and underwriting characteristics similar to Alt-A mortgage loans, with the added feature of providing underlying mortgage borrowers the option, within certain constraints, to make lower payments than otherwise required by the stated interest rate for a number of years, leading to negative amortization and increased loan balances. This additional feature can increase the credit risk of these securities.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our Option-ARM securities have coupons ranging from   0.7%   to   1.3%   and have underlying collateral with weighted average coupons between   3.0%   and   4.2%  .  The loans underlying our Option-ARM securities were originated between 2004 and 2007. 
    
  Our Subprime non-agency RMBS issued prior to 2015 include investments in securitization trusts collateralized by residential mortgages originated during or before 2007 that were originally considered to be of lower credit quality.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our Subprime securities issued prior to 2015 have a fair value of   $39.5 million   with fixed and floating rate coupons ranging from   4.0%   to   5.8%   and have underlying collateral with weighted-average coupons ranging from   4.8%   to   6.2%  .  Additionally, we have classified certain non-performing loans that were securitized between 2014 and 2016 as Subprime securities.  These securitizations are backed by loans originated during or before 2016 and, as of   September 30, 2016  , have a fair value of   $137.0 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , our Subprime securities issued between 2014 and 2016 have fixed rate coupons ranging from   3.4%   to   4.4%   and have underlying collateral with weighted-average coupons ranging from   4.3%   to   6.3%  . 
    
  More than   97%   of our non-agency RMBS are rated below investment grade or have not been rated by credit agencies as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
    15 

Realized Gains and Losses 
  The following table summarizes our net realized gains and losses from the sale of non-agency securities during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands):    

Pledged Assets 
  Non-agency securities with a fair value of   $1.2 billion   and   $1.4 billion   were pledged as collateral under financing arrangements as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, none of which were due on demand or mature overnight.   
  The following table summarizes our non-agency securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements and FHLB advances, by remaining maturity, including securities pledged related to sold but not yet settled securities, as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):   

As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , none of our repurchase agreement borrowings and FHLB advances backed by non-agency securities were due on demand or mature overnight.  

Note 6. Investments in Real Property 
  Investment Activity 
    
  During May 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Capital Healthcare Investments, LLC ("CHI"), invested in a portfolio of five skilled nursing facilities with 642 beds located in Texas for total consideration of   $48 million  .  These facilities have been leased to an operator pursuant to a triple net lease for a term of   15 years   with two 5-year extensions and a lease escalation of   2.25%   per annum.   
    
  During June 2016, CHI and Discovery Senior Living entered into a joint venture to acquire an assisted living community comprised of 94 units in Louisiana for total consideration of   $22 million  .   The joint venture was structured in a manner intended to comply with the REIT Income Diversification and Empowerment Act ( RIDEA ), with Discovery Senior Living owning a   5%   noncontrolling interest.  Discovery Senior Living, which has operated similar communities, manages the community under a long-term management agreement, which is cancellable under certain conditions. 
    
  Under RIDEA, a REIT may lease  qualified health care properties  on an arm s-length basis to a taxable REIT subsidiary ( TRS ) if the property is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person who qualifies as an  eligible independent  
  
    16 

contractor.  Generally, the rent received from the TRS will meet the related party rent exception and will be treated as  rents from real property.  A  qualified health care property  includes real property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility which extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients. Resident-level rents and related operating expenses are subject to federal and state income taxes as the operations of such facilities are included in a TRS.  
  The total purchase price for all properties acquired has been allocated to tangible and intangible assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests based upon their respective fair values in accordance with our accounting policies.  As of   September 30, 2016  , all purchase price allocations are preliminary and may be subject to change.  The following table summarizes our real estate investments net of accumulated depreciation as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands):   

  Notes Payable 
    
  In May 2016, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CHI entered into a loan agreement with a   two-year term   (with the option to extend for two additional terms of twelve months each) secured by a portfolio of five skilled nursing facilities in Texas.  The note payable has a principal amount of   $33.6 million   and an interest rate of LIBOR plus   4.25%  .   
    
  In June 2016, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the joint venture between CHI and Discovery Senior Living entered into a loan agreement with a   ten-year term   (with the first three years interest only).  The note payable has a principal amount of   $16.7 million   and an interest rate of   4.58%  .   
    
  The following is a summary of our secured debt principal activity for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

17 

Income from Healthcare Real Estate Investments 
    
  The following table presents the components of net income from our real property investments for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

Acquisition costs primarily represent costs incurred with property acquisitions, including due diligence costs and fees for legal and valuation services.  
    
  For the year ended December 31, 2015, the pro forma healthcare real estate income and net healthcare income inclusive of real property investments would have been approximately   $9 million   and   $2 million  , respectively. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , future minimum lease payments receivable are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Note 7.  Repurchase Agreements and Other Financing Arrangements 
    
  We pledge certain of our securities as collateral under repurchase and other financing arrangements with financial institutions, the terms and conditions of which are negotiated on a transaction-by-transaction basis.  Interest rates on these borrowings are generally based on LIBOR plus or minus a margin and amounts available to be borrowed are dependent upon the fair value of the securities pledged as collateral, which fluctuates with changes in interest rates, type of security and liquidity conditions within the banking, mortgage finance and real estate industries.  In response to declines in fair value of pledged securities, lenders may require us to post additional collateral or pay down borrowings to re-establish agreed upon collateral requirements, referred to as margin calls.  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , we have met all margin call requirements and had no agency or non-agency repurchase agreements with original overnight maturities.  Repurchase agreements are carried at cost, which approximates fair value due to their short-term maturities or floating rate coupons. 

18 

As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , our borrowings under repurchase agreements had the following collateral characteristics (dollars in thousands): 

The following table summarizes our borrowings under repurchase arrangements and weighted average interest rates classified by remaining maturities as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

We had repurchase agreements with   32   and   31   financial institutions as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  .  In addition, less than   5%   of stockholders' equity was at risk due to collateral pledged in excess of borrowings under repurchase agreements with any one counterparty, with the top five counterparties representing approximately   20%   of our stockholders' equity at risk as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  We had agency RMBS with fair values of   $2.5 billion   and   $2.9 billion   pledged as collateral against repurchase agreements as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  We had non-agency securities with fair values of   $1.2 billion   pledged as collateral against repurchase agreements as of both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
    
  In April 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary Woodmont Insurance Co. LLC ( Woodmont ) was accepted for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) of Des Moines.  In January, 2016, the FHFA released its final rule on proposed changes to regulations concerning FHLB membership criteria, requiring the termination of Woodmont's FHLB membership no later than February 2017 and repayment of all FHLB advances at the earlier of their contractual maturity dates or February 2017.  We do not expect this development to have a material impact on our ability to finance our investment activities.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Woodmont had   $273.7 million   in outstanding secured advances, with a weighted average borrowing rate of   0.62%  , a weighted average term to maturity of   0.3   years, floating interest rate resets and a one month cancellation feature.  These advances were collateralized by   $282.1 million   in agency securities as of   September 30, 2016  .  

19 

Note 8.  Derivatives and Other Securities 
  In connection with our risk management strategy, we hedge a portion of our exposure to market risks, including interest rate risk, prepayment risk and credit risk, by entering into derivative and other hedging instrument contracts.  We may enter into agreements for interest rate swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate cap or floor contracts and futures or forward contracts.  We may also purchase or short TBA and U.S. Treasury securities, purchase or write put or call options on TBA securities or we may invest in other types of derivative securities, including synthetic total return swaps and credit default swaps.  Our risk management strategy attempts to manage the overall risk of the portfolio and reduce fluctuations in book value.  We do not use derivative or other hedging instruments for speculative purposes.  Derivatives have not been designated as hedging instruments.  We do not offset our derivatives and related cash collateral with the same counterparties under any master netting arrangements.  For additional information regarding our derivative instruments and our overall risk management strategy, please refer to the discussion of derivatives in Note 3. 
    
  The table below presents the balance sheet location and fair value information for our derivatives outstanding as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

The following tables summarize the effect of our outstanding derivatives and other securities on our consolidated statements of operations during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (in thousands): 

20 

The following tables summarize changes in notional amounts for our outstanding derivatives and other securities for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (in thousands): 

21 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , our derivative portfolio included interest rate swaps, which are used to manage the interest rate risk created by our use of short-term and floating rate financing.  Under our interest rate swaps, we typically pay a fixed rate and receive a floating rate based on LIBOR with terms usually ranging up to 15 years.  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , we had interest rate swap agreements summarized in the tables below (dollars in thousands). 

(3)   
    Weighted average receive rate excludes impact of forward starting interest rate swaps. 
      Interest rate swaps with an asset fair value of   $1.2 million    and a notional amount of   $300.0 million   and a liability fair value of   $(10.4) million   and notional amount of   $0.9 billion   were centrally cleared on a registered exchange as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
    22 

Interest Rate Swaption Agreements 
  Our interest rate swaption agreements provide us the option to enter into interest rate swap agreements in the future where we would pay a fixed rate and receive LIBOR.  The following tables present certain information about our interest rate swaption agreements as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

TBA Securities 
  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , we had contracts to purchase ( long position ) and sell ( short position ) TBA securities on a forward basis, presented in the following table (in thousands):    

(1)   
    Notional amount represents the par value or principal balance of the underlying agency security. 
               (2)   
    Fair value represents the current market value of the agency RMBS underlying the TBA contract as of period end, less the forward price to be paid for the underlying agency RMBS. 
      
    23 

U.S. Treasury Securities and Futures 
  We purchase or sell short U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Treasury futures contracts to help mitigate the potential impact of changes in interest rates on the performance of our portfolio.  We had U.S. Treasury securities with a fair value of   $5.0 million   and a face amount of   $5.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , which are presented as U.S. Treasury securities, at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we had short positions in U.S. Treasury futures with a notional amount of   $(300.0) million   and   $(350.0) million   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  These short U.S. Treasury futures had fair values of   $(0.3) million   and   $1.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, and are presented in derivative assets (liabilities), at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets.  
  We had obligations to return U.S. Treasury securities borrowed under reverse repurchase agreements accounted for as securities borrowing transactions with a fair value of   $166.3 million   and   $266.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The borrowed securities were collateralized by cash payments of   $166.5 million   and   $281.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, which are presented as receivables under reverse repurchase agreements on the consolidated balance sheets.  All changes in fair value of long and short U.S. Treasury securities and futures are recorded in unrealized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
  Credit Default Swaps 
  We hold credit default swaps to mitigate a portion of the potential impact of credit risk on the fair values of our CRT non-agency securities.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had credit default swaps with a notional amount of   $49.0 million   and a liability fair value of   $3.7 million  .  Credit default swaps are presented in derivative liabilities, at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. 
  Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features 
  The use of derivatives creates exposure to credit risk relating to potential losses that could be recognized in the event that the counterparties to these instruments fail to perform their obligations under the contracts.  We minimize this risk by limiting our counterparties for instruments which are not centrally cleared on a registered exchange to major financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings and monitoring positions with individual counterparties.  In addition, both we and our counterparties may be required to pledge assets as collateral for our derivatives, whose amounts vary over time based on the market value, notional amount and remaining term of the derivative contract.  In the event of a default by a counterparty, we may not receive payments provided for under the terms of our derivative agreements, and may have difficulty obtaining our assets pledged as collateral for our derivatives.  The cash and cash equivalents pledged as collateral for our derivative instruments is included in restricted cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheets. 
  Each of our ISDA Master Agreements contains provisions pursuant to which we are required to fully collateralize our obligations under our interest rate swap agreements if at any point the fair value of the swap represents a liability greater than the minimum transfer amount contained within our ISDA Master Agreements.  We are also required to post initial collateral upon execution of certain of our swap transactions.  If we breach any of these provisions, we will be required to settle our obligations under the agreements at their termination values, which approximates fair value. 
  Further, each of our ISDA Master Agreements also contains a cross default provision under which a default under certain of our other indebtedness in excess of a certain threshold causes an event of default under the agreement.  Threshold amounts vary by lender.  Following an event of default, we could be required to settle our obligations under the agreements at their termination values.  Additionally, under certain of our ISDA Master Agreements, we could be required to settle our obligations under the agreements at their termination values if we fail to maintain either our REIT status or certain minimum equity thresholds, or comply with limits on our leverage above certain specified levels.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the additional collateral that could be required to be posted as a result of the credit-risk related contingent features being triggered was not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Concerning our non-centrally cleared interest rate swap and swaption agreements, we did not have counterparty credit risk with any single counterparty in excess of   1%   of our equity, as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  In the case of centrally cleared interest rate swap contracts, we could be exposed to credit risk if the central clearing agency or a clearing member defaults on its respective obligation to perform under the contract; however, the risk is considered minimal due to initial and daily exchange of mark to market margin requirements and the clearinghouse guarantee fund and other resources that are available in the event of a clearing member default. 

24 

Note 9.  Offsetting Assets and Liabilities  
  Certain of our repurchase agreements and derivative transactions are governed by underlying agreements that generally provide for a right of offset under master netting arrangements (or similar agreements), including in the event of default or in the event of bankruptcy of either party to the transactions.  We present our assets and liabilities subject to such arrangements on a gross basis in our consolidated balance sheets.  The following tables present information about our assets and liabilities that are subject to such agreements and can potentially be offset on our consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 
    
  Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative Assets: 

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities: 

(1)      
    Includes cash and securities received / pledged as collateral, at fair value.  Amounts presented are limited to collateral pledged sufficient to reduce the net amount to zero on a counterparty by counterparty basis, as applicable.  Refer to Notes 4 and 5 for additional information regarding assets pledged. 
               (2)   
    Reported under derivative assets / liabilities, at fair value in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  Refer to Note 8 for a reconciliation of derivative assets / liabilities, at fair value to their sub-components. 
               (3)   
    Interest rate swaps and swaptions are subject to master netting arrangements which could reduce our maximum amount of loss due to credit risk by   $1.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
     
    25 

Note 10.  Fair Value Measurements 
  We have elected the option to account for all of our financial assets, including RMBS, at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in income during the period in which they occur.  We have determined that this presentation most appropriately represents our financial results and position.  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, based on the assumptions market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability. 
  We determine the fair value of our agency and non-agency securities, including securities held as collateral, based upon fair value estimates obtained from multiple third-party pricing services and dealers.  In determining fair value, third-party pricing sources use various valuation approaches, including market and income approaches.  Factors used by third-party sources in estimating the fair value of an instrument may include observable inputs such as recent trading activity, credit data, volatility statistics, and other market data that are current as of the measurement date.  The availability of observable inputs can vary by instrument and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including the type of instrument, whether the instrument is new and not yet established in the marketplace and other characteristics particular to the instrument.  Third-party pricing sources may also use certain unobservable inputs, such as assumptions of future levels of prepayment, default and loss severity, especially when estimating fair values for securities with lower levels of recent trading activity.  When possible, we make inquiries of third-party pricing sources to understand their use of significant inputs and assumptions.  
  We review the various third-party fair value estimates and perform procedures to validate their reasonableness, including an analysis of the range of third-party estimates for each position, comparison to recent trade activity for similar securities, and our Manager's review for consistency with market conditions observed as of the measurement date.  While we do not adjust prices we obtain from third-party pricing sources, we will exclude third-party prices for securities from our determination of fair value if we determine (based on our validation procedures and our Manager's market knowledge and expertise) that the price is significantly different than observable market data would indicate and we cannot obtain a satisfactory understanding from the third party source as to the significant inputs used to determine the price. 
    
    We determine the fair value of our MSR based upon third party estimates, corroborated by internally developed discounted cash flow models that utilize observable market-based inputs and include substantial unobservable market data inputs (including prepayment speeds, delinquency levels and discount rates). 
  We utilize a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurement.  The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date.  A financial instrument s categorization within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  We use the results of the validation procedures described above as part of our determination of the appropriate fair value measurement hierarchy classification.  The three levels of hierarchy are defined as follows: 
             
    Level 1 Inputs  -   Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical unrestricted assets and liabilities in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date. 
                
    Level 2 Inputs  -   Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. 
                
    Level 3 Inputs  -   Significant unobservable market inputs that are supported by little or no market activity.  The unobservable inputs represent the assumptions that market participants would use to price the assets and liabilities. 
     
    26 

The following tables present our financial instruments carried at fair value as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , on the consolidated balance sheets by the valuation hierarchy, as described above (in thousands):   

Our agency and non-agency securities are valued using the various market data described above, which include inputs determined to be observable or whose significant value drivers are observable.  Accordingly, our agency and non-agency securities are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  For information regarding valuation of our derivative instruments, please refer to the discussion of derivative and other hedging instruments in Note 3.  Our interest rate swaps and other derivatives are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  The fair value of our obligation to return securities borrowed under reverse repurchase agreements is based upon the value of the underlying borrowed U.S. Treasury securities as of the reporting date.  Both U.S. Treasury securities and our 
  obligation to return borrowed U.S. Treasury securities are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Excluded from the table above are financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, receivables, payables, borrowings under repurchase agreements and FHLB advances, which are presented in our consolidated financial statements at cost, which is determined to approximate fair value, primarily due to the short duration of these instruments.  The cost basis of repurchase agreement borrowings with initial terms of greater than one year is determined to approximate fair value, primarily as such agreements have floating rates based on an index plus or minus a fixed spread and  
  
    27 

the fixed spread is generally consistent with those demanded in the market.  We estimate the fair value of these instruments using Level 2 inputs. 
  The following table presents a summary of the changes in fair value for Level 3 assets carried at fair value for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (in thousands): 

(1)        
    Losses related to MSR under secured financing are offset in their entirety by gains associated with related MSR financing liabilities. 
               (2)   
    Realized losses are comprised of realization of cash flows and are included in servicing expense on the consolidated statements of operations.  Unrealized gains (losses) are included in unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage servicing rights on the consolidated statements of operations. 
     We use third-party pricing providers in the fair value measurement of our Level 3 MSR.  We review the various third-party fair value estimates used to determine the fair value of our MSR and perform procedures to validate their reasonableness.   
  In reviewing the estimated fair values of our Level 3 MSR, we use internal models and estimates of prepayment and 
  delinquency rates on the loans underlying our MSR.  The significant unobservable inputs used in estimating the fair value measurement of our Level 3 MSR assets and financing liabilities include assumptions for underlying loan constant prepayment rates and delinquency rates, as well as discount rates.  A significant increase in any one of these individual inputs in isolation would likely result in a decrease in fair value measurement.  Additionally, a change in the assumption used for discount rates may be accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the probability of delinquency and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for prepayment rates.  Overall MSR market conditions could have a more significant impact on our Level 3 fair values than changes in any one unobservable input. 
  
    28 

The following table presents the range of our estimates of loan constant voluntary prepayment rates and constant default rates, together with the discount rates used by third-party pricing providers in estimating the fair value of our Level 3 MSR as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

Note 11.  Mortgage Servicing Rights 
  Our subsidiary, Residential Credit Solutions, Inc. ( RCS ), is a licensed mortgage servicer based in Fort Worth, Texas that has approvals from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to hold and manage MSR and residential mortgage loans.  RCS holds   $50.5 million   of MSR representing approximately   28 thousand   underlying loans, with a combined unpaid principal balance of approximately   $5.6 billion  , as of   September 30, 2016  .  We have elected to account for MSR at estimated fair value, with changes in fair value reported in net income.  The following table summarizes activity related to MSR accounted for as purchases during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

(1)   
    Other changes in fair value primarily represents changes due to the realization of cash flows. 

29 

The following table presents the components of net servicing loss for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

RCS Assets Sale 
  In late 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of RCS' subservicing assets and operations to Ditech Financial ( Ditech ), a subsidiary of Walter Investment Management Corp.  In connection with the transaction, Ditech agreed to acquire certain assets of the RCS servicing platform, hire a number of core RCS employees and assume certain existing residential mortgage loan subservicing agreements.  The transaction closed on January 28, 2016, and the servicing transfers were completed during the second quarter.  Since the closing of the transaction and the completion of the servicing transfers, RCS has operated as a servicing oversight platform with respect to its owned MSR, which are subserviced by Ditech. 
  Risk Mitigation Activities 
  The Company s acquisitions of MSR expose us to certain risks, including interest rate risk and representation and warranty risk.  A significant decline in interest rates could lead to higher-than-expected prepayments that could reduce the value of the MSR.  Our primary method of managing the prepayment risk associated with our MSR portfolio is asset selection, both in respect of products and the originators of the underlying loans.  Representation and warranty risk refers to the representations and warranties we make (or are deemed to have made) to the applicable investor (including, without limitation, the GSEs) regarding, among other things, the origination and servicing of mortgage loans with respect to which we have acquired MSR.   We mitigate representation and warranty risk through our due diligence in connection with MSR acquisitions, including counterparty reviews and loan file reviews, as well as negotiated contractual protections from our MSR transaction counterparties with respect to origination and prior servicing.  
   
  Note 12.  Other Assets 
  The following table summarizes our other assets as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

30 

Servicing Advances 
  We are required to fund cash advances in connection with our servicing operations.  These servicing advances are reported within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and represent advances for principal and interest, property taxes and insurance, as well as certain out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Company in the performance of its servicing obligations.  The decrease in servicing advances during the first half of 2016 was driven primarily by the sale of RCS assets discussed in Note 11. 
  Federal Home Loan Bank Membership Stock 
    
  As a condition of our membership in the FHLB of Des Moines, we are obligated to purchase membership stock based on the total assets of our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and activity-based stock in the FHLB based upon the aggregate amount of advances.  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , we held   $11.5 million   and   $17.7 million   of membership and activity-based stock, respectively.  FHLB stock is carried at cost, which equals par value, and can only be redeemed or sold at its par value, and only to the FHLB of Des Moines. 
   
  Note 13.  Accounts Payable and Other Accrued Liabilities 
  The following table summarizes our accounts payable and other accrued liabilities as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

(1)      
    MSR financing liability represented obligations associated with MSR accounted for as financing arrangements, with estimated fair value changes reported in net income.  RCS had no MSR accounted for as financing arrangements as of   September 30, 2016  . 
      
  Note 14.  Stockholders  Equity 
    
  Redeemable Preferred Stock 
    
    Pursuant to our charter, we are authorized to designate and issue up to   50.0 million   shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series.  Our Board of Directors has designated   2.3 million   shares as   8.125%   Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ( Series A Preferred Stock ).  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   47.8 million   of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock.  Shares of our Series A Preferred Stock are redeemable at   $25.00   per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) exclusively at our option commencing on May 22, 2019, or earlier under certain circumstances intended to preserve our qualification as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes.  Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of each January, April, July and October.   As of   September 30, 2016  , we had declared all required quarterly dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
    
  Our Board of Directors may designate additional series of authorized preferred stock ranking junior to or in parity with the Series A Preferred Stock or designate additional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and authorize the issuance of such shares. 

31 

Common Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the total remaining amount authorized by our Board of Directors for repurchases of our common stock was   $55.1 million  .  In October 2016, our Board of Directors terminated the Company's existing stock repurchase plan that was due to expire December 31, 2016 and replaced it with a new stock repurchase plan. Under the new stock repurchase plan, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to   $100 million   of its outstanding shares of common stock through   December 31, 2017  .   
    
  Shares of our common stock may be purchased in the open market, including through block purchases, or through privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined at our discretion and the program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason. Among other factors, we intend to only consider repurchasing shares of our common stock when the purchase price is less than our estimate of our current net asset value per common share. Generally, when we repurchase our common stock at a discount to our net asset value, the net asset value of our remaining shares of common stock outstanding increases. In addition, we do not intend to repurchase any shares from directors, officers or other affiliates. The program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares, and all repurchases will be made in accordance with Rule 10b-18, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of stock repurchases. 
    
  We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during   the three months ended September 30, 2016  .  During   the nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repurchased approximately   2.0 million   shares of our common stock at an average repurchase price of   $13.21   per share, including expenses, totaling   $26.5 million  .  
    
  Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
  We sponsor the American Capital Mortgage Investment Corp. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan ("Incentive Plan" or "plan"), as amended March 4, 2016, to provide for the issuance of equity-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units ("RSU") and unrestricted stock to our independent directors and certain members of RCS management.  We issued   175,294   shares of common stock related to the vesting of RSU awards during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016  , with no issuances during   the three months ended September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Net Income per Common Share 
    
  Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income per common share assumes the conversion, exercise or issuance of all potential common stock equivalents unless the effect is to reduce a loss or increase the income per share.  Any shares subject to performance conditions that would not be issuable at period end, if that were the end of the contingency period, have been excluded from diluted net income per common share. 
    
  The following summarizes the net income per common share for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (in thousands, except per share data): 

32 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) provides readers of our consolidated financial statements a narrative from the perspective of management, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for   the three months ended September 30, 2016  .  Our MD A is presented in six sections: 
     Executive Overview 
             
    Financial Condition 
                
    Results of Operations 
                
    Liquidity and Capital Resources 
                
    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
                
    Forward-Looking Statements 
      
  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
  The size and composition of our investment portfolio depend on investment strategies implemented by our Manager, the accessibility of investment capital and overall market conditions, including the availability of attractively priced investments and suitable financing to leverage our investment portfolio appropriately.  Market conditions are influenced by, among other things, current levels of and expectations for future levels of interest rates, mortgage prepayments, market liquidity, housing prices, unemployment rates, general economic conditions, government participation in the mortgage market, and regulations or legal settlements that impact other real estate-related activities. 
  We are externally managed by MTGE Management, LLC (our  Manager ).  The parent company of our Manager was acquired by AGNC Investment Corp. ( AGNC ), effective July 1, 2016, and as a result of that transaction, we and our Manager are no longer affiliated with American Capital, Ltd.  
  Our Investment Strategy 
  Our objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders over the long-term through a combination of dividends and net book value appreciation.  In pursuing this objective, we rely on our Manager's expertise to construct and manage a diversified real estate-related investment portfolio by identifying investments that, when properly financed and hedged, produce attractive risk-adjusted returns across a variety of market conditions and economic cycles.  Specifically, our investment strategy is designed to: 
             
    manage a leveraged investment portfolio of mortgage-related and other real estate investments with the objective of  generating attractive risk-adjusted returns; 
                
    capitalize on discrepancies in the relative valuations and return potential in the mortgage-related investments market; 
                
    manage a wide range of risks, including financing, interest rate, prepayment rate and credit risks; 
                
    preserve our net book value; 
                
    provide regular quarterly distributions to our stockholders; 
                
    qualify as a REIT; and 
                
    remain exempt from the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). 
     Our Risk Management Strategy 
  We use a variety of strategies to hedge a portion of our exposure to market risks (including interest rate, prepayment, extension and credit risks) to the extent that our Manager deems prudent, taking into account our investment strategy, the cost of hedging transactions, and our intention to qualify as a REIT.  As a result, we may not hedge certain interest rate, prepayment, extension or credit risks if our Manager believes that bearing such risks enhances our return relative to our risk/return profile, or the hedging transaction would negatively impact our REIT status. We also generally do not hedge the credit exposure embedded in our purchases of credit risk transfer securities ("CRT") or other non-agency securities. 
  The risk management actions we take may lower our earnings and dividends in the short term to further our objective of maintaining attractive levels of earnings and dividends over the long term.  In addition, some of our hedges are intended to provide protection against larger rate moves and as a result may be relatively ineffective for smaller changes in interest rates.  There can be no certainty that our Manager's projections of our exposures to interest rates, prepayments, extension, credit or other risks will be accurate or that our hedging activities will be effective and, therefore, actual results could differ materially. 
  
    33 

Income from hedging transactions that we enter into to manage risk may not constitute qualifying gross income under one or both of the gross income tests applicable to REITs.  Therefore, we may have to limit our use of certain advantageous hedging techniques, which could expose us to greater risks than we would otherwise want to bear, or implement those hedges through a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS").  Implementing our hedges through a TRS could increase the cost of our hedging activities, as a TRS is subject to tax on income and gains.  For further discussion of our market risks and risk management strategy, please refer to  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  under Item 3 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Trends and Recent Market Impacts 
  Following the Federal Reserve's (the "Fed") first Federal Funds Rate increase in nearly ten years during December 2015, interest rates across much of the yield curve fell materially during the first quarter of 2016, as concerns regarding global economic weakness dampened the market s expectations with respect to U.S. economic growth, inflation and the pace of monetary policy normalization.  Consistent with this weaker outlook, at its March meeting, the Fed significantly reduced its expectations for future short term interest rate increases and explicitly acknowledged the potential downside risk to the U.S. economy associated with the deteriorating global landscape.  The weaker global growth outlook also led to significant additional easing measures by the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, with the latter instituting negative interest rates for the first time during the first quarter. 
  Early in the second quarter, as the U.S. economy showed signs of improvement, communication from the Fed became decidedly more "hawkish" with respect to its stance on monetary policy.  The Fed s more upbeat assessment of the U.S. economy led the market to believe there was an increased likelihood of additional Fed rate hikes and interest rates broadly rose to retrace some of the first quarter rate declines.  This trend was subsequently reversed later in the second quarter, as the combination of weaker economic data in the U.S. and the surprise vote by the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union drove interest rates to historically low levels. 
  During the third quarter, both long-term and short-term rates moved somewhat higher as the market's expectations regarding the likelihood of a fourth quarter rate hike increased following modest improvements in economic data.  In the aggregate, the 10 year U.S. Treasury rate declined 66 bps year to date to 1.61% as of September 30, 2016, while the 10 year U.S. swap rate declined by 73 bps to 1.46% as of September 30, 2016.  
  While spread movements during the first quarter on both agency and non-agency assets were modest on a quarter over quarter basis, intra-quarter volatility was substantial for all credit-sensitive fixed-income products.  Spreads on investment grade and high yield corporate debt, commercial mortgage-backed securities, and CRT widened to multi-year highs midway through the first quarter as liquidity became extremely limited.  Although financial markets stabilized late in the quarter and credit spreads subsequently tightened dramatically, spreads on CRT and legacy non-agency RMBS still ended the first quarter modestly wider.  Unrealized fair value losses resulting from RMBS spreads widening relative to our hedges, combined with unrealized losses on MSR and net servicing losses, drove a (3.2)% decline in our net book value for the first quarter.  Taking into account the decrease in net book value and dividends declared of $0.40 per common share during the first quarter, our economic loss was (1.2)% for the quarter, or (4.7)% on an annualized basis. 
  During the second quarter, the housing market continued to display strong underlying fundamentals, providing significant support for our credit investments.  These fundamentals, coupled with strong demand for yield in the current low rate environment from global investors, drove spread tightening across the credit spectrum in the second quarter.  In particular, valuations on our credit risk transfer (CRT) investments improved significantly during the second quarter.  Our agency investments also produced attractive economic returns, particularly in light of the significant rally in interest rates.  Unrealized fair value gains resulting from spread tightening on both our agency and non-agency securities relative to our hedges drove a 2.3% increase in our net book value for the second quarter.  Taking into account the increase in net book value and dividends declared of $0.40 per common share during the second quarter, our economic return was 4.4% for the quarter, or 17.8% on an annualized basis. 
  During the third quarter, spread tightening across the fixed income spectrum and solid housing fundamentals continued to drive a material improvement in the valuations of our non-agency assets, particularly with respect to our CRT securities.  CRT securities tightened approximately 100 basis points, and our legacy non-agencies tightened 50 to 75 basis points during the third quarter.  As a result, unrealized gains on non-agency securities and the outperformance of agency MBS relative to interest rate hedges drove a 5.5% increase in our net book value for the third quarter.  Taking into account the increase in net book value and dividends declared of $0.40 per common share during the quarter, our economic return was 7.6% for the third quarter, or 30% on an annualized basis.   
  The average projected CPR on our portfolio increased to 10.1% as of September 30, 2016, from 8.5% as of December 31, 2015, as prepayment expectations increased consistent with the decline in long-term interest rates.  Given the environment of  
  
    34 

elevated prepayment risk during the first three quarters of 2016, asset selection was an important determinant of actual prepayment speeds.  As such, during the second and third quarter, we increased our concentration in securities backed by loans with favorable prepayment characteristics and positioned our TBA securities in lower coupon holdings, which provide better protection against prepayments.  As of September 30, 2016, 93% of our fixed-rate agency securities, excluding our net TBA position, consisted of securities backed by loans with favorable prepayment characteristics, which we categorize as lower loan balance mortgages with original loan balances of up to $150,000 and loans originated under the U.S. Government sponsored Home Affordable Refinance Program ("HARP") backed by 100% refinance loans with original loan-to-values of   80%.  This compares to 84% of our fixed-rate agency securities, excluding our net TBA position, as of December 31, 2015. 
  Looking ahead, we continue to believe that interest rates will remain "lower for longer" as a result of the ongoing global economic headwinds.  We remain very comfortable with the underlying fundamentals of the U.S. conforming housing market as employment gains, low mortgage rates, increased credit availability, and favorable demographics should allow conforming mortgage credit to outperform other credit-sensitive fixed-income markets such as corporate debt, high yield debt and commercial MBS.  In summary, we believe our agency and non-agency investment portfolios are well-positioned for the current environment and will be supportive of attractive economic returns for our shareholders. 
  The table below summarizes interest rates and prices for generic agency RMBS as of the end of each respective quarter since   September 30, 2015  :   

________________________ 
            (1)   
    Price information is for generic instruments only and is not reflective of our specific portfolio holdings.  Price information can vary by source.  Prices in the table above were obtained from a combination of Bloomberg and dealer indications.  Interest rates were obtained from Bloomberg. 

35 

For the estimated impact of changes in interests rates and mortgage spreads on our net book value please refer to  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  under Item 3 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  The table below summarizes pay-ups on specified pools over the corresponding generic agency RMBS as of the end of each respective quarter for a select sample of specified securities.  Price information provided in the table below is for illustrative purposes only and is not meant to be reflective of our specific portfolio holdings.  Actual pay-ups are dependent on specific securities held in our portfolio and prices can vary depending on the source. 

________________________   
            (1)   
    Source: Bloomberg and dealer indications. 
               (2)   
     Pay-ups  represent the value of the price premium of specified securities over generic TBA pools.  The table above includes pay-ups for newly originated specified pools.  Price information is provided for information only and is not meant to be reflective of our specific portfolio holdings.  Prices can vary materially depending on the source. 
         
  During the first quarter of 2016, we sold the majority of our Jumbo AAA RMBS investments in light of the Federal Housing Finance Agency's ("FHFA") January rulemaking that will eliminate our access to the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") financing in early 2017, causing Jumbo AAA RMBS to be less attractive relative to agencies without advantageous FHLB funding.   
  While our non-agency portfolio was largely unchanged in size in the second and third quarters, we did replace some of our holdings in investment grade CRT with senior bonds collateralized by non-performing loans.  In addition, following the rally in investment grade CRT we made incremental investments in option-ARM securities. 
  Importantly, we believe that the credit outlook for our portfolio remains very solid as housing formation, low interest rates, and conservative underwriting standards should all continue to provide support to conforming mortgage credit.   
  The funding landscape for both agency and non-agency RMBS has remained favorable during 2016.  The average rate on our agency and non-agency borrowings increased 23 basis points for the year, up to 1.11% as of September 30, 2016, from 0.88% as of December 31, 2015.  This increase in funding cost, however, was offset somewhat by improvement in the cost of our swap hedges.  Specifically, the spread between our repo funding and the receive-floating rate on our swaps has narrowed, in turn driving a lower all-in cost of funds for the portion of our debt that is hedged with pay fixed swaps.  During the first three quarters of 2016, this spread has tightened by approximately 14 basis points. 
  During 2015, our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, Woodmont, was approved as a member of the FHLB of Des Moines.  As noted above, the FHFA released its final rule on proposed changes to regulations concerning FHLB membership criteria in January 2016, requiring the termination of Woodmont's FHLB membership no later than February 2017 and repayment of all FHLB advances at the earlier of their contractual maturity dates or February 2017.  We do not believe that the loss of Woodmont s FHLB membership will have a material impact on our business.  
  During the second quarter, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Capital Healthcare Investments, LLC ("CHI") made its first two investments in skilled nursing and senior living facilities for a total of $70 million, representing $22 million in equity.  The CHI investment team has significant collective experience in sourcing and evaluating relevant opportunities, negotiating acquisition and sale transactions, and overseeing and managing investments in the skilled nursing and senior living sectors.  Prior to joining our Manager, the team led GE Capital s $2.5 billion healthcare real estate equity investment platform.  The skilled nursing and senior living sectors benefit from strong underlying fundamentals, including substantial projected growth in demand as the U.S. population ages and utilization of U.S. healthcare resources correspondingly increases.  We anticipate that  
  
    36 

these fundamentals, coupled with the availability of stable, long-term financing, will create favorable investment opportunities in this sector over the long term.   
  Our subsidiary, RCS, is a licensed mortgage servicer based in Fort Worth, Texas that has approvals from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to hold and manage MSR and residential mortgage loans.  In late 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of RCS' subservicing assets and operations to Ditech Financial ( Ditech ), a subsidiary of Walter Investment Management Corp.  In connection with the transaction, Ditech agreed to acquire certain assets of the RCS servicing platform, hire a number of core RCS employees and assume certain existing residential mortgage loan subservicing agreements.  The transaction closed on January 28, 2016.  The majority of servicing transfers occurred during the first quarter, with the remaining transfers completed during the second quarter.  In connection with the transaction, we incurred approximately $4 million of one-time transaction expenses during the first quarter of 2016, primarily comprised of RCS employee costs. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we held MSR with a fair value of   $50.5 million  , down from   $83.6 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , due primarily to transfers of our MSR treated as financing arrangements, unrealized losses and portfolio runoff.  As of   September 30, 2016  , all MSR are serviced by Ditech pursuant to a subservicing agreement, and RCS operates as a servicing oversight platform with the ability to acquire MSR opportunistically. 
  Share Repurchases 
  During   the three months ended September 30, 2016  , we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. Our decision to not repurchase shares of our common stock is based on a variety of factors, including our price to net book value ratio, an assessment of the overall investment landscape for relevant assets, our views on interest rates and our overall expectations about the drivers and sustainability of share price weakness among other factors.  Since commencing a stock repurchase program in the fourth quarter of 2012, we have repurchased   13.7 million   shares of our outstanding common stock for total consideration of approximately   $244.9 million  , including expenses. In October 2016, our Board of Directors terminated the Company's existing stock repurchase plan that was due to expire December 31, 2016, and replaced it with a new stock repurchase plan. Under the new stock repurchase plan, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to   $100 million   of its outstanding shares of common stock through   December 31, 2017  .  The Company may repurchase shares in the open market or privately negotiated transactions or pursuant to a trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company intends to only repurchase shares under the new stock repurchase plan when the repurchase price is less than its estimate of its then current net book value per common share. 
  Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
    
  Our critical accounting estimates relate to the fair value of our investments and derivatives and the recognition of interest income.  Certain of these items involve estimates that require management to make judgments that are subjective in nature.  We rely on our Manager's experience and analysis of historical and current market data in order to arrive at what we believe to be reasonable estimates.  Under different conditions, we could report materially different amounts based on such estimates.  Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included under Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  We have not designated any derivatives as hedging instruments and therefore all changes in fair value are reflected in income during the period in which they occur.  We also have elected the option to account for all of our financial assets, including all mortgage-related investments, at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in income during the period in which they occur.  In management's view, this election more appropriately reflects the results of our operations for a particular reporting period, as financial asset fair value changes are presented in a manner consistent with the presentation and timing of the fair value changes of economic hedging instruments. 
  
    37 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our investment portfolio with a fair value of   $5.6 billion   was comprised of   $3.0 billion   of agency RMBS,   $1.2 billion   of net long TBA securities,   $1.3 billion   of non-agency securities,   $0.1 billion   of MSR and   $0.1 billion   of healthcare real estate investments. 
  The table below presents our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts):    

The following tables summarize certain characteristics of our RMBS portfolio by issuer and investment category as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

(1)   
    The weighted average agency security yield incorporates an average future CPR assumption of   10.1%   and   8.5%   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, based on forward rates.  For non-agency securities, the weighted average yield is based on estimated cash flows that incorporate expected credit losses. 

38 

Agency RMBS 
  As detailed in the tables below, the weighted average agency RMBS portfolio yield decreased slightly from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  .  The decrease in average agency yield was due primarily to an increase in projected CPR and a rebalancing in favor of lower coupon 30-year securities, partially offset by a decreased allocation to 15-year securities.  
  The following table summarizes certain characteristics of our agency RMBS portfolio by term and coupon as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

39 

The following table summarizes certain characteristics of our agency RMBS portfolio by term and coupon as of   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):   

40 

The percentage of our fixed-rate agency RMBS portfolio allocated to HARP and lower loan balance securities was   93%   (not including our net long TBA position) as of   September 30, 2016   as detailed in the following table (dollars in thousands): 

The percentage of our fixed-rate agency RMBS portfolio allocated to HARP and lower loan balance securities was   84%   (not including our net long TBA position) as of   December 31, 2015  , as detailed in the following table (dollars in thousands): 

41 

TBA Investments 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , we had contracts to purchase ( long position ) and sell ( short position ) agency securities on a forward basis ( TBA positions ).  The following tables summarize our net long and (short) TBA positions as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

(1)   
    Notional amount represents the par value or principal balance of the underlying agency RMBS. 
               (2)   
    Cost basis represents the forward price to be paid for the underlying agency RMBS. 
               (3)   
    Market value represents the current market value of the agency RMBS underlying the TBA contracts as of period end. 
               (4)   
    Net carrying value represents the difference between the market value of the TBA contract as of period end and the cost basis and is reported in derivative assets / (liabilities), at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. 
        
  Our TBA positions are recorded as derivative instruments in our accompanying consolidated financial statements, with the TBA dollar roll transactions representing a form of off-balance sheet financing.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our TBA position with a net long notional of   $1.2 billion   had a net carrying value of   $4.5 million   reported in derivative assets/(liabilities) on our consolidated balance sheets.  The net carrying value represents the difference between the fair value of the underlying agency security in the TBA contract and the cost basis or the forward price to be paid or received for the underlying agency security. 
  
    42 

Non-Agency Investments 
  Non-agency security yields are based on our estimate of the timing and amount of future cash flows and our amortized cost basis.  Our cash flow estimates for these investments are based on our observations of current information and events and include assumptions related to interest rates, prepayment rates and the timing and amount of credit losses and other factors.  
  The following tables summarize our non-agency securities portfolio as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):   

The following table summarizes our non-agency securities by their estimated weighted average life classifications as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):  

43 

Our non-agency securities are subject to risk of loss with regard to principal and interest payments.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our non-agency securities were generally either assigned below investment grade ratings by rating agencies, or were not rated.  Credit ratings are based on the par value of the non-agency securities.  However, the legacy non-agency securities in our portfolio were generally purchased at a significant discount to par value.  The following table summarizes the credit ratings of our non-agency securities as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  : 

(1)    
    Represents the lowest of Standard and Poor's, Moody's and Fitch credit ratings, stated in terms of the S P equivalent, as of each respective balance sheet date. 
     We evaluate each investment based on the characteristics of the underlying collateral and securitization structure, rather than relying on rating agencies.  Our legacy non-agency RMBS were collateralized by mortgages with original weighted average amortized loan to value ratios ( LTV ) of   78%   as of both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  However, as the home values associated with these mortgages may have experienced significant price declines since origination and LTV is calculated based on the original home values, we believe that current market-based LTV could be significantly higher.  Additionally, as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  ,   22%   and   18%  , respectively, of the mortgages underlying these legacy non-agency RMBS were either 60 or more days delinquent, undergoing foreclosure or bankruptcy processes, or held as real estate owned by the trusts.  Credit enhancement, or protection provided at the security level to absorb future credit losses due to defaults on underlying collateral, is another important component of this evaluation.  Our non-agency securities had weighted average credit enhancements of   11%   and   12%   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
  
    44 

The following tables present the fair value and weighted average purchase price for each of our non-agency securities categories, together with certain of their respective underlying loan collateral attributes and current performance metrics as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (fair value dollars in thousands):   

(1)        
    FICO represents a mortgage industry accepted credit score of a borrower based on a scale of 300 to 850 with a score of 850 being the highest quality rating. 
               (2)   
    60+ day delinquent represents the percentage of mortgage loans underlying each category of non-agency securities that were delinquent for at least 60 days. 
               (3)   
    Three-month CPR is reflective of the prepayment and default rate on the underlying securitization; however, it does not necessarily indicate the proceeds received on our non-agency securities.  Proceeds received for each security are dependent on the position of the individual security within the structure of each deal.     
     The mortgage loans underlying our non-agency securities are located throughout the United States.  The following table presents the six states with the largest geographic concentrations of underlying mortgages as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  : 

45 

Mortgage Servicing Rights 
  O  ur wholly-owned subsidiary RCS has approvals from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to hold and manage MSR, which represent the right to service mortgage loans.  We did not originate the mortgage loans underlying our MSR.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our MSR had a fair market value of   $50.5 million  . 
    
  The following table summarizes certain underlying loan characteristics for our purchased MSR as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  : 

Investments in Real Property 
    
  During May 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Capital Healthcare Investments, LLC ("CHI"), invested in a portfolio of five skilled nursing facilities with 642 beds located in Texas for total consideration of  $48 million.  These facilities have been leased to an operator pursuant to a triple net lease for a term of 15 years with two 5-year extensions and a lease escalation of 2.25% per annum.   
    
  During June 2016, CHI and Discovery Senior Living entered into a joint venture to acquire an assisted living community comprised of 94 units in Louisiana for total consideration of   $22 million  .   The joint venture was structured in a manner intended to comply with the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act ( RIDEA ), with Discovery Senior Living owning a   5%   noncontrolling interest.  Discovery Senior Living, which has operated similar communities, manages the community under a long-term management agreement, which is cancellable under certain conditions. 
    
  Under RIDEA, a REIT may lease  qualified health care properties  on an arm s-length basis to a taxable REIT subsidiary ( TRS ) if the property is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person who qualifies as an  eligible independent contractor.  Generally, the rent received from the TRS will meet the related party rent exception and will be treated as  rents from real property.  A  qualified health care property  includes real property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility which extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients. Resident level rents and related operating expenses are subject to federal and state income taxes as the operations of such facilities are included in a TRS.   
    
  In May 2016, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CHI entered into a loan agreement with a   two-year term   (with the option to extend for two additional terms of twelve months each) secured by a portfolio of five skilled nursing facilities in Texas.  The note payable has a principal amount of   $33.6 million   and an interest rate of LIBOR plus   4.25%  .   
    
  In June 2016, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the joint venture between CHI and Discovery Senior Living entered into a loan agreement with a   ten-year term   (with the first three years interest only).  The note payable has a principal amount of   $16.7 million   and an interest rate of   4.58%  .   

46 

Financing and Hedging 
  As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , our borrowings under repurchase agreements had the following characteristics (dollars in thousands): 

The following table summarizes our borrowings under repurchase arrangements and weighted average interest rates classified by remaining maturities as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):    

Our subsidiary Woodmont is a member of the FHLB of Des Moines.  As of   September 30, 2016  , Woodmont had   $273.7 million   in outstanding secured advances with the FHLB of Des Moines, with a weighted average borrowing rate of   0.62%  , a weighted average term to maturity of   0.3   years, floating interest rate resets and a one month cancellation feature.  These advances were collateralized by   $282.1 million   in agency securities as of   September 30, 2016  .   
  During January, 2016, the FHFA released its final rule on proposed changes to regulations concerning FHLB membership criteria, requiring the termination of Woodmont's FHLB membership no later than February 2017 and repayment of all FHLB advances at the earlier of their contractual maturity dates or February 2017.  We do not expect this development to have a material impact on our ability to finance our investment activities.  

47 

As of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , we had interest rate swap agreements outstanding where we pay a fixed rate and receive a floating rate based on LIBOR, summarized in the tables below (dollars in thousands): 

(3)   
    Weighted average receive rate excludes impact of forward starting interest rate swaps. 
      
    48 

The following tables present certain information about our interest rate swaption agreements as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  In addition to the results presented in accordance with GAAP, our results of operations discussed below include certain non-GAAP financial information, including "total adjusted cost of funds," "net spread and dollar roll income," "net spread and dollar roll income, excluding 'catch-up' premium amortization," "estimated taxable income" and the related per common share measures and certain financial metrics derived from such non-GAAP information, such as "cost of funds" and "net interest rate spread." 
    
  "Total adjusted cost of funds" is measured as interest expense (GAAP measure) adjusted to include other interest rate swap 
  periodic costs.  "Net spread and dollar roll income" is measured as (i) net interest income (GAAP measure) adjusted to include other interest rate swap periodic costs, TBA dollar roll income and dividends on REIT equity securities (referred to as "adjusted net interest and dollar roll income") less (ii) total operating expenses (GAAP measure) adjusted to exclude non-recurring transaction costs.  "Net spread and dollar roll income, excluding 'catch-up' premium amortization," further excludes retrospective "catch-up" adjustments to premium amortization cost or benefit due to changes in projected CPR estimates. 
    
  By providing such measures, in addition to the related GAAP measures, we believe we give greater transparency into the information used by our management in its financial and operational decision-making.  We also believe it is important for users of our financial information to consider information related to our current financial performance without the effects of certain measures that are not necessarily indicative of our current investment portfolio performance and operations. 
    
  Specifically, in the case of "adjusted net interest and dollar roll income," we believe the inclusion of TBA dollar roll income is meaningful as TBAs, which are accounted for under GAAP as derivative instruments with gains and losses recognized in other gains (losses) in our consolidated statements of operations, are economically equivalent to holding and financing generic agency MBS using short-term repurchase agreements.  Similarly, we believe that the inclusion of periodic interest rate swap settlements, which are recognized under GAAP in other gains (losses), is meaningful as interest rate swaps are the primary instrument we use to economically hedge against fluctuations in our borrowing costs and inclusion of all periodic interest rate swap settlement costs is more indicative of our total cost of funds than interest expense alone.  In the case of "net spread and dollar roll income, excluding  
  
    49 

'catch-up' premium amortization," we believe the exclusion of "catch-up" adjustments to premium amortization cost or benefit is meaningful as it excludes the cumulative effect from prior reporting periods due to current changes in future prepayment expectations and, therefore, exclusion of such cost or benefit is more indicative of the current earnings potential of our investment portfolio.  We also believe the exclusion of non-recurring costs reported in general and administrative expenses associated with the American Capital, Ltd. strategic review process and subsequent acquisition of our Manager by AGNC is meaningful as they are not representative of ongoing operating costs.  In the case of estimated taxable income, we believe it is meaningful information as it is directly related to the amount of dividends we are required to distribute in order to maintain our REIT qualification status. 
    
  However, because such measures are incomplete measures of our financial performance and involve differences from results computed in accordance with GAAP, they should be considered as supplementary to, and not as a substitute for, results computed in accordance with GAAP.  In addition, because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of such non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures of other companies.  Furthermore, estimated taxable income can include certain information that is subject to potential adjustments up to the time of filing our income tax returns, which occurs after the end of our fiscal year. 

50 

The table below presents our consolidated statements of operations during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

51 

Interest Income and Asset Yields 
  The tables below present the interest income and weighted average yield for our agency and non-agency securities during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands):   

(1)    
    Does not include TBA dollar roll income reported in realized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
     The following is a summary of the estimated impact of changes in the principal elements of interest income during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (in thousands): 

(1)    
    Variances that are the combined effect of volume and yield, but cannot be separately identified, are allocated to the volume and yield variances based on their respective relative amounts. 
     Interest income on agency RMBS decreased by   $(1.0) million   during   the three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   the three months ended September 30, 2015  , due to a 10 percent reduction in average balances, partially offset by a 13 basis point increase in average yields.  Interest income on agency RMBS decreased by   $(20.8) million   during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   the nine months ended September 30, 2015  , due to reduced average balances and lower average yields.  Interest income on non-agency securities decreased by   $(3.4) million   during   the three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   the three months ended September 30, 2015   and by   $(1.3) million   during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   the nine months ended September 30, 2015   due to reduced average balances and lower average yields. 
  We amortize or accrete premiums and discounts associated with agency RMBS and non-agency securities of high credit quality into interest income over the life of such securities using the effective yield method.  The effective yield (or asset yield) on these securities is based on actual CPRs realized for individual securities in our investment portfolio through the reporting date and assumes a CPR over the remaining projected life of our aggregate investment portfolio.  We estimate projected CPRs on these securities using a third-party service and market data.  We update our estimates on at least a quarterly basis, and more  
  
    52 

frequently when economic or market conditions warrant.  The effective yield on these securities is adjusted retrospectively for differences between actual and projected CPR estimates or for changes in our projected CPR estimates.  Our projected CPR estimate for our agency RMBS was   10.1%   and   8.5%   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  This increase in CPR was the primary driver of our lower agency asset yields.  The actual CPR realized for individual agency RMBS in our investment portfolio was approximately   13.0%   and   11.0%   for   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   10.9%   and   9.5%   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  
  Interest income from our agency RMBS is net of premium amortization expense of   $(6.9) million   and   $(8.2) million   for   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $(24.3) million   and   $(22.7) million   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The change in our weighted average CPR estimates resulted in the recognition of  catch up  premium amortization benefit (expense) of approximately   $(0.7) million   and   $(1.6) million   for   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $(6.3) million   and   $(0.1) million   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The amortized cost basis of our agency RMBS portfolio was   105.3%   of par value as of both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The net unamortized premium balance of our aggregate agency RMBS portfolio was   $146.9 million   and   $162.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  At the time we purchase non-agency securities that are not of high credit quality, we determine an effective yield based on our estimate of the timing and amount of future cash flows and our cost basis.  On at least a quarterly basis, we review the estimated cash flows and make appropriate adjustments with any changes in effective yield recognized prospectively based on the current amortized cost of the investment as adjusted for credit impairment, if any.  Our estimates of future cash flows are based on input and analysis received from external sources, internal models and judgment about interest rates, prepayment rates, the timing and amount of credit losses and other factors.  Interest income from our non-agency securities includes discount accretion of   $6.1 million   and   $9.4 million   for   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $21.3 million   and   $27.1 million   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The weighted average cost basis of the non-agency portfolio was   86.1%   and   87.7%   of par as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The total net discount remaining was   $198.3 million   and   $216.4 million  , with   $93.1 million   and   $113.8 million   designated as credit reserves as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
  Leverage 
  Our leverage, when adjusted for the net payables and receivables for unsettled securities and our net TBA position, was   5.0x   and   4.5x   our stockholders' equity, less investments in RCS and real property as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Our measurement of leverage excludes repurchase agreements used to fund short-term investments in U.S. Treasury securities due to the highly liquid and temporary nature of these investments.  Our leverage will vary from time to time based on various factors, including our Manager s opinion of the level of risk of our assets and liabilities, our view of the attractiveness of the return environment, composition of our investment portfolio, our liquidity position, our level of unused borrowing capacity, over-collateralization levels required by lenders when we pledge securities to secure our borrowings and the current market value of our investment portfolio.  In addition, certain of our master repurchase agreements and master swap agreements contain a restriction that prohibits our leverage from exceeding certain levels.  We do not expect these restrictions to adversely impact our operations. 
  The table below presents our quarterly average and quarter end repurchase agreement and FHLB advance balances outstanding and average leverage ratios for the quarterly periods since   September 30, 2015   (dollars in thousands):    

(1)   
    Excludes repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities and borrowings related to our healthcare investments, but includes advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank collateralized by agency and non-agency securities. 
               (2)   
    Average leverage during the period was calculated by dividing our daily weighted average agency and non-agency financing balance by our average month-end stockholders  equity for the period, less investment in RCS, agency mortgage REIT equity securities and healthcare real estate investments. 
     
    53 

(3)   
    Leverage as of period end was calculated by dividing the amount outstanding under our agency and non-agency financing agreements and net payables and receivables for unsettled agency and non-agency securities by our total stockholders' equity at period end, less our investment in RCS, agency mortgage REIT equity securities and healthcare real estate investments. 
               (4)   
    Adjusted leverage as of period end was calculated by dividing the sum of the amounts outstanding under our agency and non-agency financing agreements, the cost basis (or contract price) of our net TBA position, and net payables and receivables for unsettled agency and non-agency securities by our total stockholders  equity at period end, less our investment in RCS, agency mortgage REIT equity securities and healthcare real estate investments. 
          
  Adjusted leverage presented in the table above includes the impact of TBA positions, which have the effect of increasing or decreasing our  at risk  leverage.  A net long position increases our at risk leverage, while a net short position reduces our at risk leverage.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a net long TBA position with a notional value of   $1,163.3 million   and an underlying cost basis of   $1,205.0 million  . 
   
  Interest Expense and Cost of Funds 
  Interest expense of   $10.1 million   and   $7.6 million   for   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $29.4 million   and   $22.6 million   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, was comprised of interest expense on our repurchase agreements and FHLB advances.  We also incurred expense for our net periodic interest settlements related to our interest rate swaps of   2.0 million   and   $3.8 million   for   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $8.4 million   and   $12.5 million   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, which is included in realized loss on periodic settlements of interest rate swaps, net, on our consolidated statements of operations.   
    
  The tables below present our average adjusted cost of funds during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

(1)   
    Our adjusted cost of funds excludes any impacts from other supplemental hedges such as U.S. Treasury securities and swaptions, and the implied financing cost or benefit of our net TBA dollar roll position reported in gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net in our consolidated statements of operations.   
     
    54 

The following is a summary of the impact of changes in the principal elements of our adjusted cost of funds during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (in thousands): 

(1)    
    Variances that are the combined effect of volume and yield, but cannot be separately identified, are allocated to the volume and yield variances based on their respective relative amounts. 
     The increase in our adjusted cost of funds of   $0.7 million   and   $2.7 million   for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   the three and nine months September 30, 2015   was attributable to higher funding rates on our repurchase agreements and FHLB advances and higher interest rate swap average notional balances, offset, in part by, lower average financing balances and lower pay-fixed swap net interest rates.  

Servicing Income and Expense 
  The following table presents the components of servicing income and expense for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , RCS owned a portfolio of MSR with a fair market value of   $50.5 million  , representing approximately   28 thousand   residential mortgage loans and   $5.6 billion   in unpaid principal balances.  We have elected to treat RCS as a TRS, which is subject to corporate income tax on its earnings. 
  
    55 

Healthcare Real Estate Income and Expense 
  The following table presents the components of net income and expense from our healthcare real estate investments for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities, Net 
  Sales of securities for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   were largely driven by reductions in and rebalancing of our agency and non-agency securities portfolios.  The changes in portfolio composition were based upon our Manager's expectations concerning interest rates, Federal government actions, general economic conditions and other factors. 
  The following table is a summary of our net realized gains on agency RMBS during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands):    

56 

The following table is a summary of our net realized gains and losses on non-agency securities during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands):    

Unrealized net losses of   $(5.2) million   and gains of   $69.8 million   on agency RMBS for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and unrealized net gains of   $33.5 million   and   $38.0 million   on non-agency securities for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, were attributable to the changes in market pricing on the underlying instruments as described above in   Trends and Recent Market Impacts  , as well as the impact of realized gains and losses on sales of securities. 
  
    57 

Gain (Loss) on Other Derivatives and Securities, Net 
  The following table is a summary of our realized and unrealized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net, during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands):  

Net gains on pay-fixed interest rate swaps and short positions in U.S. Treasury securities during   the three months ended September 30, 2016   were due primarily to an increase in interest rates during the period. Net gains on TBA securities during   the three months ended September 30, 2016   were driven primarily by dollar roll income on our net long position during the period, partially offset by fair value losses due to the increase in interest rates. 
  Net losses on pay-fixed interest rate swaps, swaptions and short positions in U.S. Treasury securities and futures during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   were due primarily to a decrease in interest rates during the first half of 2016.  Net gains on TBA securities during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   were due primarily to the decrease in interest rates and dollar roll income on our net long position during the period. 
  For further details regarding our derivatives and related hedging activity please refer to Notes 3 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  
    58 

Management Fees and General and Administrative Expenses 
  We pay our Manager a management fee payable monthly in arrears in an amount equal to one twelfth of 1.50% of our month-end GAAP stockholders  equity, adjusted to exclude the effect of any unrealized gains or losses included in retained earnings as computed in accordance with GAAP.  There is no incentive compensation payable to our Manager pursuant to the management agreement.  We incurred management fees of   $3.5 million   and   $4.3 million   during   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $11.0 million   and   $13.2 million   during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The period-over-period decrease for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   was a function of lower average equity, primarily as a result of realized losses and share repurchases. 
  General and administrative expenses were   $1.8 million   during both   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   and   $7.6 million   and   $5.9 million   during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  Our general and administrative expenses primarily consist of prime brokerage fees, information technology costs, research and data service fees, audit fees, Board of Directors fees and insurance expenses.  General and administrative expenses during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   include $1.7 million of non-recurring costs associated with the American Capital, Ltd. strategic review process and subsequent acquisition of our Manager by AGNC Investment Corp.   
  Our management fees and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of our average stockholders  equity on an annualized basis were   2.2%   for both   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   and   2.6%   and   2.2%   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. The increase for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   was driven by the $1.7 million of non-recurring costs incurred during the three months ended June 30, 2016, and reductions in equity. 
   
  Dividends and Income Taxes 
    
  We had estimated taxable income available to common shareholders of   $12.1 million   and   $19.2 million   (or   $0.26   and   $0.38   per common share) for   the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively   $40.3 million   and   $67.7 million   (or   $0.87   and   $1.33   per common share) for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.   
    
  As a REIT, we are required to distribute annually at least 90% of our taxable income to maintain our status as a REIT and all of our taxable income to avoid Federal and state corporate income taxes. We can treat dividends declared by September 15 and paid by December 31 as having been a distribution of our taxable income for our prior tax year ( spill-back provision ). Income as determined under GAAP differs from income as determined under tax rules because of both temporary and permanent differences in income and expense recognition. The primary differences are (i) unrealized gains and losses associated with assets and liabilities marked-to-market in current income for GAAP purposes, but excluded from taxable income until realized or settled, (ii) timing differences in the recognition of certain realized gains and losses, (iii) losses or undistributed income of taxable REIT subsidiaries and (iv) temporary differences related to the amortization of net premiums paid on investments. Furthermore, our estimated taxable income is subject to potential adjustments up to the time of filing our appropriate tax returns, which occurs after the end of our fiscal year.   

59 

The following is a reconciliation of our GAAP net income to our estimated taxable income during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts). 

(1)    
    Estimated taxable income excludes estimated net capital gains of   $0.18   and   $0.19   per common share for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, which will reduce our net capital loss carryforwards from prior periods.  Estimated taxable income also excludes losses on terminated interest rate swaps of   $(0.92)   and   $(1.75)   per common share, for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, which are deferred and amortized into future ordinary taxable income over the original swap terms. 
       
  The decrease in our estimated taxable income per common share is primarily due to lower net interest income. 
    
  The following table summarizes dividends declared on our Series A Preferred Stock and common stock for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  :  

The final tax characterization of our fiscal year 2016 dividends will be determined and reported to stockholders on their annual Form 1099-DIV statement after the end of the year. 
  
    60 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an estimated   $(13.5) million  , or   $(0.29)   per common share of distributions in excess of taxable income, including the common stock dividend payable of   $18.3 million  .  We have distributed all of our 2015 taxable income within the allowable time frame, including the available spill-back provision, so that we will not be subject to Federal or state corporate income tax.  However, as a REIT, we are still subject to a nondeductible Federal excise tax of 4% to the extent that the sum of (i) 85% of our ordinary taxable income, (ii) 95% of our capital gains and (iii) any undistributed taxable income from the prior year, exceeds our dividends declared in such year and paid by January 31 of the subsequent year.  We do not currently expect to incur any excise tax liability for the year ended December 31, 2016.  
    
  RCS is taxable as a corporation under Subchapter C of the Internal Revenue Code, with which we filed a joint TRS election.  As of   September 30, 2016  , RCS had Federal net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards of approximately   $107.0 million  , which can be carried forward for up to twenty years.  The utilization of approximately   $49.8 million   of the NOL is subject to limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code.  The gross deferred tax assets associated with the NOL and other temporary differences as of   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $49.3 million  , with respect to which RCS has provided a full valuation allowance.   
   
  Key Statistics 
  The table below presents key statistics for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts):  

61 

(2)   
    Excluding the Company's investments in RCS and healthcare real estate investments, the average stockholder's equity for the   third   quarter was   $916.2 million  . 
               (3)   
    Average cost of funds includes periodic settlements of interest rate swaps and excludes U.S. Treasury repurchase agreements. 
               (4)   
    Estimated dollar roll income excludes the impact of other supplemental hedges and is recognized in gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net. 
               (5)   
    Leverage during the period was calculated by dividing the Company's daily weighted average agency and non-agency financing agreements for the period by the Company's average month-ended stockholders' equity for the period less investments in RCS, agency mortgage REIT equity securities and healthcare real estate investments.  Leverage excludes U.S. Treasury repurchase agreements. 
               (6)   
    Leverage at period end was calculated by dividing the sum of the amount outstanding under the Company's agency and non-agency financing agreements, and the net receivable/payable for unsettled securities at period end by the Company's stockholders' equity at period end less investments in RCS, agency mortgage REIT equity securities and healthcare real estate investments. Leverage excludes U.S. Treasury repurchase agreements. 
     
    62 

Net Spread and Dollar Roll Income 
  The table below presents a reconciliation from GAAP net interest income to net spread and dollar roll income, excluding  catch-up  premium amortization, available to common stockholders during   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

(1)    
    Dividend income from investments in agency mortgage REIT equity securities is included in realized gain (loss) on other derivatives and securities, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 
       
  Net spread and dollar roll income excluding catch up amortization decreased   $(0.03)   per common share for   the three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   the three months ended September 30, 2015   and   $(0.14)   for   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   the nine months ended September 30, 2015   due primarily to higher funding costs.  
    
  While we believe the above non-GAAP financial measures provide information useful to investors, such non-GAAP financial information provides incomplete measures of our financial performance and involve differences from results computed in accordance with GAAP and they should be considered supplementary to, and not a substitute for, our results computed in accordance with GAAP.  In addition, because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of such non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to other similarly-titled measures of other companies.   

63 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Our primary sources of funds are borrowings under master repurchase agreements, equity offerings, asset sales and monthly principal and interest payments on our investment portfolio.  Because the level of our borrowings can be adjusted on a daily basis, the level of cash and cash equivalents carried on our balance sheets is significantly less important than the potential liquidity available under our borrowing arrangements.  We currently believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources available for the acquisition of additional investments, repayments on borrowings, maintenance of any margin requirements and the payment of cash dividends as required for our continued qualification as a REIT.  To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually at least 90% of our taxable income.  To the extent that we annually distribute all of our taxable income in a timely manner, we will generally not be subject to Federal and state income taxes.  We currently expect to distribute all of our taxable income in a timely manner so that we are not subject to Federal and state income taxes.  This distribution requirement limits our ability to retain earnings and thereby replenish or increase capital from operations. 
  Equity Capital 
    
  To the extent we raise additional equity capital through follow-on equity offerings, we currently anticipate using cash proceeds from such transactions to purchase additional investment securities, to make scheduled payments of principal and interest on our repurchase agreements and for other general corporate purposes.  There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to raise additional equity capital at any particular time or on any particular terms.  
    
    Common Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the total remaining amount authorized by our Board of Directors for repurchases of our common stock was   $55.1 million  .  In October 2016, our Board of Directors terminated the Company's existing stock repurchase plan that was due to expire December 31, 2016, and replaced it with a new stock repurchase plan. Under the new stock repurchase plan, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to   $100 million   of its outstanding shares of common stock through   December 31, 2017  .   
    
  Shares of our common stock may be purchased in the open market, including through block purchases, or through privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined at our discretion and the program may be suspended, terminated or modified at any time for any reason. Among other factors, we intend to only consider repurchasing shares of our common stock when the purchase price is less than our estimate of our current net asset value per common share. Generally, when we repurchase our common stock at a discount to our net asset value, the net asset value of our remaining shares of common stock outstanding increases. In addition, we do not intend to repurchase any shares from directors, officers or other affiliates. The program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares, and all repurchases will be made in accordance with Rule 10b-18, which sets certain restrictions on the method, timing, price and volume of stock repurchases. 
    
  We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during   the three months ended September 30, 2016  . During   the nine months ended September 30, 2016   we repurchased approximately   2.0 million   shares of our common stock at an average repurchase price of   $13.21   per share, including expenses, totaling   $26.5 million  .  
    
  Debt Capital  
    
  Repurchase Agreements 
  As part of our investment strategy, we borrow against our agency and non-agency securities pursuant to master repurchase agreements.  We expect that our borrowings pursuant to repurchase transactions under such master repurchase agreements generally will have maturities of less than one year.  When adjusted for net payables and receivables for unsettled agency and non-agency securities, our leverage ratio was   3.7x   and   4.4x   the amount of our stockholders  equity less our investments in RCS, agency mortgage REIT equity securities and real property as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, excluding amounts borrowed under U.S. Treasury repurchase agreements.  Our cost of borrowings under master repurchase agreements generally corresponds to LIBOR plus or minus a margin.   
  To limit our exposure to counterparty credit risk, we diversify our funding across multiple counterparties and by counterparty region.  We had repurchase agreements with   32   financial institutions as of   September 30, 2016  , located throughout North America, Europe and Asia.  In addition, less than   5%   of our equity was at risk with any one repurchase agreement counterparty, with the top five counterparties representing approximately   20%   of our equity at risk as of   September 30, 2016  .   
  
    64 

As of   September 30, 2016  , borrowings under repurchase agreements of   $2.4 billion   and   $0.9 billion  , with weighted average remaining days to maturity of   186 days   and   21 days  , were secured by agency and non-agency securities, respectively.  
  The table below includes a summary of our repurchase agreement funding and number of counterparties by region as of   September 30, 2016  .  Please refer to Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details regarding our borrowings under repurchase agreements and weighted average interest rates as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Amounts available to be borrowed under our repurchase agreements are dependent upon lender collateral requirements and the lender's determination of the fair value of the securities pledged as collateral, based on recognized pricing sources agreed to by both parties to the agreement.  Collateral fair value can fluctuate with changes in interest rates, credit quality and liquidity conditions within the investment banking, mortgage finance and real estate industries.  Our counterparties also apply a  haircut  to the fair value of our pledged collateral, which reflects the underlying risk of the specific collateral and protects our counterparties against a decrease in collateral value, but conversely subjects us to counterparty risk and limits the amount we can borrow against our investment securities.  Our master repurchase agreements do not specify the haircut, rather haircuts are determined on an individual repurchase transaction basis.  Throughout   the three months ended September 30, 2016  , haircuts on our pledged collateral remained stable and, as of   September 30, 2016  , our weighted average haircut on agency and non-agency securities held as collateral were approximately   5%   and   26%  , respectively.  
  Under our repurchase agreements, we may be required to pledge additional assets to repurchase agreement counterparties in the event the estimated fair value of the existing pledged collateral under such agreements declines and such counterparties demand additional collateral (a margin call), which may take the form of additional securities or cash.  Specifically, margin calls would result from a decline in the value of our securities securing our repurchase agreements and prepayments on the mortgages securing such securities.  Similarly, if the estimated fair value of our investment securities increases due to changes in interest rates or other factors, counterparties may release collateral back to us.  Our repurchase agreements generally provide that the valuations for the securities securing our repurchase agreements are to be obtained from a generally recognized source agreed to by the parties.  However, in certain circumstances and under certain of our repurchase agreements, our lenders have the sole discretion to determine the value of the securities securing our repurchase agreements.  In such instances, our lenders are required to act in good faith in making determinations of value.  Our repurchase agreements generally provide that in the event of a margin call we must provide additional securities or cash on the same business day that a margin call is made if the lender provides us notice prior to the margin notice deadline on such day. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had met all margin requirements and had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of   $122.9 million   and unpledged securities of approximately   $231.7 million  , excluding unsettled purchases of securities, available to meet margin calls on our repurchase agreements and derivative instruments as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Although we believe that we will have adequate sources of liquidity available to us through repurchase agreement financing to execute our business strategy, there can be no assurances that repurchase agreement financing will be available to us upon the maturity of our current repurchase agreements to allow us to renew or replace our repurchase agreement financing on favorable terms or at all.  If our repurchase agreement lenders default on their obligations to resell the underlying securities back to us at the end of the term, we could incur a loss equal to the difference between the value of the securities and the cash we originally received.  
  We maintain an interest rate risk management strategy under which we use derivative financial instruments to help manage the adverse impact of interest rate changes on the value of our investment portfolio as well as our cash flows.  In particular, we attempt to mitigate the risk of the cost of our short-term variable rate liabilities increasing at a faster rate than the earnings of our long-term assets during a period of rising interest rates.  The principal derivative instruments that we use are interest rate swaps, swaptions and short Treasury positions.  We may also supplement our hedge portfolio with the use of TBA positions and other instruments. 
  
    65 

Please refer to Notes 3 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details regarding our outstanding interest rate swaps as of   September 30, 2016   and the related activity for   the three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Our derivative agreements typically require that we pledge/receive collateral on such agreements to/from our counterparties in a similar manner as we are required to under our repurchase agreements.  Our counterparties, or the clearing exchange in the case of our centrally cleared interest rate swaps, typically have the sole discretion to determine the value of the derivative instruments and the value of the collateral securing such instruments.  In the event of a margin call, we must generally provide additional collateral on the same business day. 
    
  Similar to repurchase agreements, our use of derivatives exposes us to counterparty credit risk relating to potential losses 
  that could be recognized in the event that the counterparties to these instruments fail to perform their obligations under the contracts.  We minimize this risk by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings, by maintaining collateral sufficient to cover the change in market value, and by monitoring positions with individual counterparties. 
    
  We did not have an amount at risk with any counterparty related to our non-centrally cleared interest rate swap and swaption agreements greater than   1%   of our stockholders  equity as of both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  .  
    
  In the case of centrally cleared interest rate swap contracts, we could be exposed to credit risk if the central clearing agency or a clearing member defaults on its respective obligation to perform under the contract; however, the risk is considered minimal due to initial and daily exchange of mark to market margin requirements and the clearinghouse guarantee fund and other resources that are available in the event of a clearing member default. 
    
  Federal Home Loan Bank Membership 
  The FHLBs provide a variety of products and services to their members, including long-term and short-term secured loans, called  advances.   FHLB members may use a variety of real estate related assets, including agency MBS, as collateral for such advances.  Membership in the FHLB obligates Woodmont to purchase membership stock and activity-based stock in the FHLB, the latter based upon the aggregate amount of advances obtained from the FHLB.  
  FHLB advances collateralized by agency MBS typically require higher effective haircuts than those required under our current repurchase agreements as a result of the slightly higher haircuts implemented by the FHLB coupled with the requirement to acquire activity-based stock in the FHLB concurrently with such borrowings.  In addition, the FHLBs determine the fair value of the securities pledged as collateral and retain the right to adjust collateral haircuts during the term of secured borrowings. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Woodmont had   $273.7 million   in outstanding secured advances, with a weighted average borrowing rate of   0.62%  , a weighted average term to maturity of   0.3   years, floating interest rate resets and a one month cancellation feature.  These advances were collateralized by   $282.1 million   in agency securities as of   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  During January, 2016, the FHFA released its final rule on proposed changes to regulations concerning FHLB membership criteria, requiring the termination of Woodmont's FHLB membership no later than February 2017 and repayment of all FHLB advances at the earlier of their contractual maturity dates or February 2017.  We do not expect this development to have a material impact on our ability to finance our investment activities.  
    
  TBA Dollar Roll Transactions 
    
  We also enter into TBA dollar roll transactions as a means of leveraging (long TBAs) or de-leveraging (short TBAs) our investment portfolio.  TBA dollar roll transactions represent a form of off-balance sheet financing and are accounted for as derivative instruments in our accompanying consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Inclusive of our net TBA position as of   September 30, 2016  , our total  at risk  leverage, net of unsettled securities, was   5.0x   our stockholders' equity. 
    
  Under certain market conditions, it may be uneconomical for us to roll our TBA contracts into future months and we may need to take or make physical delivery of the underlying securities.  If we were required to take physical delivery of a long TBA contract, we would have to fund the total purchase commitment with cash or other financing sources and our liquidity position could be negatively impacted.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a net long TBA position with a cost basis of   $1,205.0 million   and fair value of the securities underlying our net long TBA position of   $1,209.5 million  .  
  
    66 

Our TBA dollar roll contracts are also subject to margin requirements governed by the Mortgage-Backed Securities Division ( MBSD ) of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation and by our prime brokerage agreements, which may establish margin levels in excess of the MBSD.  Such provisions require that we establish an initial margin based on the notional value of the TBA contract, which is subject to increase if the estimated fair value of our TBA contract or the estimated fair value of our pledged collateral declines.  The MBSD has the sole discretion to determine the value of our TBA contracts and of the collateral pledged securing such contracts.  In the event of a margin call, we must generally provide additional collateral on the same business day. 
    
  Settlement of our net long TBA obligations by taking delivery of the underlying securities as well as satisfying margin requirements could negatively impact our liquidity position.  However, since we do not use TBA dollar roll transactions as our primary source of financing, we believe that we will have adequate sources of liquidity to meet such obligations. 
  Asset Sales and TBA Eligible Securities 
    
  We maintain a portfolio of highly liquid agency RMBS.  We may sell our agency RMBS through the TBA market by delivering securities into TBA contracts for the sale of securities, subject to  good delivery  provisions promulgated by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ( SIFMA ).  We may alternatively sell agency RMBS that have more unique attributes on a specified basis when such securities trade at a premium over generic TBA securities or if the securities are not otherwise eligible for TBA delivery.  Since the agency TBA market is the second most liquid market (second to the U.S. Treasury market), maintaining a significant level of agency RMBS eligible for TBA delivery enhances our liquidity profile and provides price support for our TBA eligible securities in a rising interest rate scenario at or above generic TBA prices.  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   84%   of our agency RMBS portfolio was eligible for TBA delivery. 
   
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not maintain any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance, or special purpose or variable interest entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.  Further, as of   September 30, 2016  , we had not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities or entered into any commitment or intent to provide funding to any such entities. 
   
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  All statements contained herein that are not historical facts including, but not limited to, statements regarding anticipated activity are forward looking in nature and involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  Actual results may differ materially.  Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the following: (i) changes in the market value of our assets; (ii) changes in net interest rate spreads; (iii) changes in the amount or timing of cash flows from our investment portfolio; (iv) risks associated with our hedging activities; (v) availability and terms of financing arrangements; (vi) further actions by the U.S. government to stabilize the economy; (vii) changes in our business or investment strategy; (viii) legislative and regulatory changes (including changes to laws governing the taxation of REITs); (ix) our ability to meet the requirements of a REIT (including income and asset requirements); and (x) our ability to remain exempt from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements, please see the information under the caption  Risk Factors  described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which statements are made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended and, as such, speak only as of the date made. 
  
    67 

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices.  The primary market risks that we are exposed to are interest rate risk, prepayment risk, spread risk, liquidity risk, extension risk, credit risk, inflation risk and risks related to other real estate investments. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. 
  Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred in connection with our interest-bearing liabilities, by affecting the spread between our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in the level of interest rates can also affect the rate of prepayments of our securities and the value of the RMBS that constitute our investment portfolio, which affects our net income and ability to realize gains from the sale of these assets and impacts our ability and the amount that we can borrow against these securities. 
  We may utilize a variety of financial instruments in order to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on our operations. The principal instruments that we use are interest rate swaps and options to enter into interest rate swaps.  We also utilize forward contracts for the purchase or sale of agency RMBS on a generic pool, or a TBA contract basis and on a non-generic, specified pool basis, and we utilize U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Treasury futures contracts, primarily through short sales.  We may also purchase or write put or call options on TBA securities and we may invest in other types of mortgage derivatives, such as interest and principal-only securities, and synthetic total return swaps.  Derivative instruments may expose us to certain risks, including the risk that losses on a hedge position will reduce the funds available for payments to holders of our common stock and that the losses may exceed the amount we invested in the instruments. 
  Our profitability and the value of our investment portfolio (including derivatives used for hedging purposes) may be adversely affected during any period as a result of changing interest rates including changes in forward yield curves. 
  Primary measures of an instrument's price sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations are its duration and convexity.  The duration of our investment portfolio changes with interest rates and tends to increase when interest rates rise and decrease when interest rates fall.  The  negative convexity  generally increases the interest rate exposure of our investment portfolio by more than what is measured by duration alone.   
  We estimate the duration and convexity of our portfolio using both a third-party risk management system and market data.   We review the duration estimates from the third-party model and may make adjustments based on our Manager's judgment.  These adjustments are intended to, in our Manager's opinion, better reflect the unique characteristics and market trading conventions associated with certain types of securities, such as HARP and lower loan balance securities.  These adjustments generally result in shorter durations than what the unadjusted third party model would otherwise produce.  Without these adjustments, in rising rate scenarios, the longer unadjusted durations may underestimate price projections on certain securities with slower prepayment characteristics, such as HARP and lower loan balance securities, to a level below those of generic or TBA securities.  However, in our Manager's judgment, because these securities are typically deliverable into TBA contracts, the price of these securities is unlikely to drop below the generic or TBA price in rising rate scenarios.  The accuracy of the estimated duration of our portfolio and projected agency security prices depends on our Manager's assumptions and judgments.  Our Manager may discontinue making these duration adjustments in the future or may choose to make different adjustments.  Other models could produce materially different results. 
  Further, since we do not control the other agency mortgage REITs that we invest in, we have limited transparency into their underlying investment and hedge portfolios. Therefore, our Manager must make certain assumptions to estimate the duration and convexity of the underlying portfolios and their sensitivity to changes in interest rates.  Such estimates do not include the potential impact of other factors which may affect the fair value of our investments in other agency mortgage REITs, such as stock market volatility.  Accordingly, actual results could differ from our estimates. 
  The table below quantifies the estimated changes in net interest income (including periodic interest costs on our interest rate swaps) and the estimated changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio (including derivatives and other securities used for hedging purposes) and in our net asset value should interest rates go up or down by 50 and 100 basis points, assuming instantaneous parallel shifts in the yield curve, and including the impact of both duration and convexity. 
  All changes in income and value are measured as percentage changes from the projected net interest income, investment portfolio value and net asset value at the base interest rate scenario.  The base interest rate scenario assumes interest rates and prepayment projections as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  .  We apply a floor of 0% for the down rate scenarios  
  
    68 

on our interest bearing liabilities and the variable leg of our interest rate swaps, such that any hypothetical interest rate decrease would have a limited positive impact on our funding costs beyond a certain level. 
    
  Actual results could differ materially from estimates, especially in the current market environment.  To the extent that these estimates or other assumptions do not hold true, which is likely in a period of high price volatility, actual results will likely differ materially from projections and could be larger or smaller than the estimates in the table below.  Moreover, if different models were employed in the analysis, materially different projections could result.  Lastly, while the table below reflects the estimated impact of interest rate increases and decreases on a static portfolio, we may from time to time sell any of our agency or non-agency securities as a part of our overall management of our investment portfolio. 

(1)   
    Interest rate sensitivity is derived from models that are dependent on inputs and assumptions provided by third parties as well as by our Manager, assumes there are no changes in mortgage spreads and assumes a static portfolio.  Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
               (2)   
    Represents the estimated dollar change in net interest income expressed as a percentage of net interest income based on asset yields and cost of funds as of such date.  It includes the effect of periodic interest costs on our interest rate swaps, but excludes TBA dollar roll income and costs associated with other supplemental hedges, such as swaptions and U.S. Treasury securities or TBA positions.  Estimated dollar change in net interest income does not include the one time impact of retroactive  catch-up  premium amortization benefit/cost due to an increase/decrease in the projected CPR. 
      (3)           Includes the effect of derivatives and other securities used for hedging purposes. 
   (4)       Estimated change in portfolio value expressed as a percentage of the total fair value of our investment portfolio. 
            (5)   
    Estimated change in net asset value expressed as a percentage of stockholders' equity. 
     Prepayment Risk 
       
  Because residential borrowers have the option to prepay their mortgage loans at par at any time, we face the risk that we 
  will experience a return of principal on our investments faster than anticipated. Various factors affect the rate at which mortgage prepayments occur, including changes in the level of and directional trends in housing prices, interest rates, general economic conditions, loan age and size, loan-to-value ratio, the location of the property and social and demographic conditions.  Additionally, changes to GSE underwriting practices or other governmental programs could also significantly impact prepayment rates or expectations.  Also, the pace at which the loans underlying our securities become seriously delinquent or are modified and the timing of GSE repurchases of such loans from our securities can materially impact the rate of prepayments.   Generally, prepayments on agency RMBS increase during periods of falling mortgage interest rates and decrease during periods of rising mortgage interest rates.  However, this may not always be the case. 
    
  We may reinvest principal repayments at a yield that is lower or higher than the yield on the repaid investment, thus affecting our net interest income by altering the average yield on our assets.  Premiums or discounts associated with the purchase of agency RMBS and non-agency securities of higher credit quality are amortized or accreted into interest income over the projected lives of the securities, including contractual payments and estimated prepayments using the effective interest method.  Our policy for estimating prepayment speeds for calculating the effective yield is to evaluate published prepayment data for similar securities, market consensus and current market conditions.  If the actual prepayment experienced differs from our estimate of prepayments, we will be required to make an adjustment to the amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts that would have an impact on future income. 
  
    69 

Spread Risk 
    When the market spread between the yield on our RMBS and benchmark interest rates widens, our net book value could decline if the value of our RMBS falls by more than the offsetting fair value increases on our hedging instruments, creating what we refer to as  spread risk  or  basis risk.   The spread risk associated with our agency and non-agency securities and the resulting fluctuations in fair value of these securities can occur independent of changes in benchmark interest rates and may relate to other factors impacting the mortgage and fixed income markets, such as actual or anticipated monetary policy actions by the Fed, market liquidity, or changes in required rates of return on different assets.  Consequently, while we use interest rate swaps and other supplemental hedges to attempt to protect against moves in interest rates, such instruments typically will not protect our net book value against spread risk.   
  The table below quantifies the estimated changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio (including derivatives and other securities used for hedging purposes) and in our net asset value should spreads between our mortgage assets and benchmark interest rates go up or down by 10 and 25 basis points for agency securities and 25 and 50 basis points for non-agency securities.  These estimated impacts of spread changes are in addition to our sensitivity to interest rate shocks included in the above interest rate sensitivity table.  The table below assumes a spread duration of   4.8 years   and   5.4 years   for agency RMBS and   4.0 years   and   4.9 years   for non-agency securities based on interest rates and RMBS prices as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  However, our portfolio's sensitivity of spread changes will vary with changes in interest rates and in the size and composition of our investment portfolio. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from our estimates.   

(1)   
    Spread sensitivity is derived from models that are dependent on inputs and assumptions provided by third parties as well as by our Manager, and assumes there are no changes in interest rates and a static portfolio.  Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
      (2)           Includes the effect of derivatives and other instruments used for hedging purposes. 
   (3)           Estimated dollar change in portfolio market value expressed as a percentage of the total fair value of our investment portfolio as of such date.   
            (4)   
    Estimated dollar change in net asset value expressed as a percentage of stockholders' equity as of such date. 
     Liquidity Risk 
  Our primary liquidity risk arises from financing long-term assets with shorter-term borrowings.  Our assets that are pledged to secure repurchase agreements and FHLB advances are agency and non-agency securities and cash.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of   $122.9 million   and unpledged securities of approximately   $231.7 million  , excluding unsettled purchases of securities, available to meet margin calls on our repurchase agreements, derivative instruments and for other corporate purposes.  However, should the value of our securities pledged as collateral or the value of our derivative instruments suddenly decrease, margin calls could increase, causing an adverse change in our liquidity position.  Further, there is no assurance that we will always be able to renew (or roll) our repurchase agreements.  In addition, our counterparties have the option to increase our haircuts (margin requirements) on the assets we pledge, thereby reducing the amount that can be borrowed against an asset even if they agree to renew or roll the repurchase agreement.  Significantly higher haircuts can reduce our ability to leverage our portfolio or even force us to sell assets, especially if correlated with asset price declines or faster prepayment rates on our assets. 
  
    70 

In addition, we may utilize TBA dollar roll transactions as a means of acquiring and financing purchases of agency RMBS.  Under certain economic conditions we may be unable to roll our TBA dollar roll transactions prior to the settlement date and we may have to take physical delivery of the underlying securities and settle our obligations for cash, which could negatively impact our liquidity position, result in defaults or force us to sell assets under adverse conditions. 
  Extension Risk 
  The projected weighted-average life and estimated duration (or interest rate sensitivity) of our investments is based on our Manager s assumptions regarding the rates at which borrowers will prepay or default on the underlying mortgage loans.  In general, we use interest rate swaps to help manage our funding cost on our investments in the event that interest rates rise.  These swaps allow us to reduce our funding exposure on the notional amount of the swap for a specified period of time by establishing a fixed rate to pay in exchange for receiving a floating rate that generally tracks our financing costs under our repurchase agreements. 
  However, if prepayment rates decrease in a rising interest rate environment, the average life or duration of our fixed-rate assets generally extends.  This could have a negative impact on our results from operations, as our interest rate swap maturities are fixed and will, therefore, cover a smaller percentage of our funding exposure on our mortgage assets to the extent that their average lives increase due to slower prepayments.  This situation may also cause the market value of our securities collateralized by fixed rate mortgages to decline by more than otherwise would be the case while most of our hedging instruments (with the exception of short TBA mortgage positions, interest-only securities and certain other supplemental hedging instruments) would not receive any incremental offsetting gains.  In extreme situations, we may be forced to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur realized losses. 
  Credit Risk 
  We are exposed to credit risk related to our non-agency investments, MSR, certain derivative transactions, and our collateral held by funding and derivative counterparties.  We accept credit exposure at levels we deem prudent as an integral part of our diversified investment strategy.  Therefore, we may retain all or a portion of the credit risk on our investments.  We seek to manage this risk through prudent asset selection, pre-acquisition due diligence, post-acquisition performance monitoring, sale of assets where we have identified negative credit trends and the use of various types of credit enhancements.   We may also use non-recourse financing, which limits our exposure to credit losses to the specific pool of mortgages subject to the non-recourse financing.  Our overall management of credit exposure may also include the use of credit default swaps or other financial derivatives that we believe are appropriate.  Additionally, we intend to vary the percentage mix of our investments in an effort to actively adjust our credit exposure and to improve the risk/return profile of our investment portfolio.  Our credit risk related to certain derivative transactions is largely mitigated through daily adjustments to collateral pledged based on changes in market value and we limit our counterparties to major financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings.  There is no guarantee that our efforts to manage credit risk will be successful and we could suffer significant losses if credit performance is worse than our expectations or if economic conditions worsen.  
  Inflation Risk 
  Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are interest rate sensitive in nature.  As a result, interest rates and other factors influence our performance more so than does inflation.  Changes in interest rates do not necessarily correlate with inflation rates or changes in inflation rates.  Further, our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and our distributions are determined by our Board of Directors based primarily on our net income as calculated for income tax purposes.  In each case, our activities and consolidated balance sheets are measured with reference to historical cost and/or fair market value without considering inflation. 
  Risks Related to Other Real Estate Investments.     
  Our healthcare and independent living real estate investments are exposed to counterparty risk, including, for our equity investments, the ongoing ability of our tenant (the facility operator) to satisfy its lease obligations, including payment of rent, or, for debt investments, of the borrower (the facility owner) to make principal and interest payments.  As such, our healthcare-related investments are heavily dependent upon the successful operation of the facilities by our counterparties.  These borrowers and operators may be impacted by factors specific to the healthcare space, including, but not limited to, regulatory changes, government reimbursement reductions and revisions to licensure or certification requirements.  Additionally, real estate investments are relatively illiquid, generally cannot be sold quickly and may be subject to impairment charges based on factors such as market conditions and operator performance. We seek to manage these risks through detailed pre-transaction due diligence of target properties and associated operators, prudent asset selection, and active post-acquisition monitoring. 
  
    71 

Item 4.      Controls and Procedures 
    
    We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of  disclosure controls and procedures  as promulgated under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.  In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
    
  We, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  .  Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There have been no changes in our  internal control over financial reporting  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    

PART II 
   
  Item 1.    Legal Proceedings 
    
    From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business.  As 
  of   September 30, 2016  , we are not party to any material litigation or legal proceedings, or to the best of our knowledge, any threatened litigation or legal proceedings, which, in our opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  None. 

Item 3.   Defaults upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 
   
  Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5.      Other Information 
    
  None. 

72 

Item 6.    Exhibits 
                   Exhibit No.  
      
    Description  
      3.1 
      
    MTGE Investment Corp. Articles of Amendment and Restatement, effective September 30, 2016, filed herewith 

3.2 
      
    MTGE Investment Corp. Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective September 30, 2016, filed herewith 

*3.3 
      
    Articles Supplementary of 8.125% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Form 8-A (File No. 001-35260), filed May 16, 2014. 

4.1 
      
    Form of Certificate for Common Stock, filed herewith 

4.2 
      
    Instruments defining the rights of holders of securities:  See Article VI of our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, filed herewith 

4.3 
      
    Instruments defining the rights of holders of securities:  See Article VII of our Amended and Restated Bylaws, filed herewith 

*4.4 
      
    Form of certificate representing the 8.125% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-A (File No. 001-35260), filed May 16, 2014. 

*10.1 
      
    Amended and Restated Management Agreement by and among American Capital Mortgage Investment Corp., American Capital Mortgage Investment TRS, LLC and American Capital MTGE Management, LLC, dated July 1, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K (File No. 001-35260), filed July 8, 2016. 

31.1 
      
    Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
      
    Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS** 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

*    Previously filed 
  **     This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
  
    73 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                   MTGE Investment Corp. 

By: 
      
    /s/    GARY KAIN 

Gary Kain 

Chief Executive Officer, President and  
  Chief Investment Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:   November 8, 2016    
    
                   By: 
      
    /s/    PETER FEDERICO 

Peter Federico 

Chief Financial Officer and 
  Executive Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:   November 8, 2016    

74 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 mtge2016930ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.1 
    
  MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
    
  ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
    
    FIRST  :            MTGE Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation (the  Corporation ), desires to amend and restate its charter as currently in effect and as hereinafter amended. 
    SECOND  :        The following provisions are all the provisions of the charter currently in effect and as hereinafter amended: 
  ARTICLE I 
  INCORPORATOR 
    Angela C. Patterson, whose address is c/o American Capital, Ltd., Two Bethesda Metro Center, 14   th    Floor, Bethesda, Maryland 20814, being at least 18 years of age, formed a corporation under the general laws of the State of Maryland on March 15, 2011. 
  ARTICLE II 
  NAME 
    The name of the corporation (the  Corporation ) is: 
  MTGE Investment Corp. 
  ARTICLE III 
  PURPOSE 
    The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity (including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute (the  Code )) for which corporations may be organized under the general laws of the State of Maryland as now or hereafter in force.  For purposes of the charter of the Corporation (the  Charter ),  REIT  means a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code. 

ARTICLE IV 
    
  PRINCIPAL OFFICE IN STATE AND RESIDENT AGENT 
    
    The address of the principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is Two Bethesda Metro Center, 12   th    Floor, Bethesda, Maryland 20814.  The name and address of the resident agent of the Corporation in the State of Maryland are Kenneth L. Pollack, c/o AGNC Mortgage Management, LLC, Two Bethesda Metro Center, 12th Floor, Bethesda, Maryland 20814.  The resident agent is a citizen of and resides in the State of Maryland. 
  ARTICLE V 
    
  PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING 
  AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE 
  CORPORATION AND OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS 
    
    Section 5.1        Number of Directors  .  The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors.  The number of directors of the Corporation initially shall be one, which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board of Directors pursuant to the Bylaws of the Corporation (the  Bylaws ), but shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the  MGCL ).  The name of the director who shall serve until the first annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualifies is: 
    Malon Wilkus 
    The director may increase the number of directors and may fill any vacancy, whether resulting from an increase in the number of directors or otherwise, on the Board of Directors occurring before the first annual meeting of stockholders in the manner provided in the Bylaws.   
    The Corporation elects, at such time as it becomes eligible to make the election provided for under Section 3-802(a)(2) of the MGCL, to be subject to the provisions of Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, that, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of Preferred Stock (as hereinafter defined), any and all vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not  

constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
    Section 5.2        Extraordinary Actions  .  Except as specifically provided in Section 5.8 (relating to removal of directors) and in the last sentence of Article VIII, notwithstanding any provision of law permitting or requiring any action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and taken or approved by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
    Section 5.3        Authorization by Board of Stock Issuance  .  The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of stock of the Corporation of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into shares of its stock of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Charter or the Bylaws. 
    Section 5.4        Preemptive and Appraisal Rights  .  Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares of stock pursuant to Section 6.4 or as may otherwise be provided by a contract approved by the Board of Directors, no holder of shares of stock of the Corporation shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of stock of the Corporation or any other security of the Corporation which it may issue or sell.  Holders of shares of stock shall not be entitled to exercise any rights of an objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute, unless the Board of Directors, upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, shall determine that such rights apply, with respect to all or any classes or series of stock, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which holders of such shares would otherwise be entitled to exercise such rights. 

Section 5.5        Indemnification  .  The Corporation shall have the power, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to obligate itself to indemnify, and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to, (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise from and against any claim or liability to which such person may become subject or which such person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity.  The Corporation shall have the power, with the approval of the Board of Directors, to provide such indemnification and advancement of expenses to a person who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. 
    Section 5.6        Determinations by Board  .  The determination as to any of the following matters, made in good faith by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Directors consistent with the Charter, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Corporation and every holder of shares of its stock:  the amount of the net income of the Corporation for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption of its stock or the payment of other distributions on its stock; the amount of paid in surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other cash flow, funds from operations, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets; the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged); any interpretation of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of stock of the Corporation; the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any  

asset owned or held by the Corporation or of any shares of stock of the Corporation; the number of shares of stock of any class or series of the Corporation; any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Corporation; or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Corporation or required or permitted by applicable law, the Charter or Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board of Directors. 
    Section 5.7        REIT Qualification  .  If the Corporation elects to qualify for U.S. federal income tax treatment as a REIT, the Board of Directors shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the qualification of the Corporation as a REIT; however, if the Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to continue to be qualified as a REIT, the Board of Directors may revoke or otherwise terminate the Corporation s REIT election pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code.  The Board of Directors also may determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on stock ownership and transfers set forth in Article VII is no longer required for REIT qualification. 
    Section 5.8        Removal of Directors  .  Subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock to elect or remove one or more directors, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors.  For the purpose of this paragraph,  cause  shall mean, with respect to any particular director, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such director caused demonstrable, material harm to the Corporation through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty. 
    Section 5.9        Advisor Agreements  .  Subject to such approval of stockholders and other conditions, if any, as may be required by any applicable statute, rule or regulation, the Board of Directors may authorize the execution and performance by the Corporation of one or more agreements with any person, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other organization whereby, subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors, any such other person, corporation,  

association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other organization shall render or make available to the Corporation managerial, investment, advisory and/or related services, office space and other services and facilities (including, if deemed advisable by the Board of Directors, the management or supervision of the investments of the Corporation) upon such terms and conditions as may be provided in such agreement or agreements (including, if deemed fair and equitable by the Board of Directors, the compensation payable thereunder by the Corporation). 
    Section 5.10        Tax on Disqualified Organizations  .  To the extent that the Corporation has incurred or the Board of Directors determines that the Corporation will incur any tax pursuant to Section 860E(e)(6) of the Code as the result of any  excess inclusion  income (within the meaning of Section 860E of the Code) of the Corporation, which tax is allocable to a stockholder that is a  disqualified organization  (as defined in Section 860E(e)(5) of the Code), the Board of Directors will cause the Corporation to allocate such tax solely to the stock held by such disqualified organization in the manner described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.860E-2(b)(4), by reducing from one or more distributions to be paid to such stockholder the tax incurred by the Corporation pursuant to Section 860E(e)(6) as a result of such stockholder s stock ownership. 
    
  ARTICLE VI 
  STOCK 
    Section 6.1        Authorized Shares  .  The Corporation has authority to issue 350,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share ( Common Stock ), and 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share ( Preferred Stock ).  The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is $3,500,000.  If shares of one class of stock are classified or reclassified into shares of another class of stock pursuant to Section 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 of this Article VI, the number of authorized shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of stock of all classes that the Corporation has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of stock set forth in the first sentence of this  

paragraph.  The Board of Directors, with the approval of a majority of the entire Board and without any action by the stockholders of the Corporation, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Corporation has authority to issue. 
    Section 6.2        Common Stock  .  Subject to the provisions of Article VII and except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter, each share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote.  The Board of Directors may reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock from time to time into one or more classes or series of stock. 
    Section 6.3        Preferred Stock  .  The Board of Directors may classify any unissued shares of Preferred Stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of stock.  
    Section 6.4        Classified or Reclassified Shares  .  Prior to issuance of classified or reclassified shares of any class or series, the Board of Directors by resolution shall:  (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation; (b) specify the number of shares to be included in the class or series; (c) set or change, subject to the provisions of Article VII and subject to the express terms of any class or series of stock of the Corporation outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series; and (d) cause the Corporation to file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland.  Any of the terms of any class or series of stock set or changed pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 6.4 may be made dependent upon facts or events ascertainable outside the Charter (including determinations by the Board of Directors or other facts or events within the control of the Corporation) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts, events or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles supplementary or other Charter document. 

Section 6.5        Stockholders  Consent in Lieu of Meeting  .  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting by consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, in any manner permitted by the MGCL and set forth in the Bylaws.   
    Section 6.6        Charter and Bylaws  .  The rights of all stockholders and the terms of all stock are subject to the provisions of the Charter and the Bylaws. 
  ARTICLE VII 
  RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES 
    Section 7.1        Definitions  .  For the purpose of this Article VII, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
    Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit  .  The term  Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit  shall mean 9.8 percent (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter.  For purposes of determining the percentage ownership of Capital Stock by any Person, shares of Capital Stock that may be acquired upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any securities of the Corporation directly or constructively held by such Person, but not Capital Stock issuable with respect to the conversion, exchange or exercise of securities for the Corporation held by other Persons, shall be deemed to be outstanding prior to conversion, exchange or exercise. 
    Beneficial Ownership  .  The term  Beneficial Ownership  shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Sections 856(h)(1)(B) and 856(h)(3) of the Code.  The terms  Beneficial Owner,   Beneficially Owns  and  Beneficially Owned  shall have the correlative meanings. 
    Business Day  .  The term  Business Day  shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 

Capital Stock  .  The term  Capital Stock  shall mean all classes or series of stock of the Corporation, including, without limitation, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. 
    Charitable Beneficiary  .  The term  Charitable Beneficiary  shall mean one or more beneficiaries of the Trust as determined pursuant to Section 7.3.6, provided that each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. 
    Common Stock Ownership Limit  .  The term  Common Stock Ownership Limit  shall mean 9.8 percent (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. For purposes of determining the percentage ownership of Common Stock by any Person, shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any securities of the Corporation directly or constructively held by such Person, but not Common Stock issuable with respect to the conversion, exchange or exercise of securities for the Corporation held by other Persons, shall be deemed to be outstanding prior to conversion, exchange or exercise. 
    Constructive Ownership  .  The term  Constructive Ownership  shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 318(a) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code.  The terms  Constructive Owner,   Constructively Owns  and  Constructively Owned  shall have the correlative meanings. 
    Excepted Holder  .  The term  Excepted Holder  shall mean a Person for whom an Excepted Holder Limit is created by the Charter or by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7.  
    Excepted Holder Limit  .  The term  Excepted Holder Limit  shall mean the percentage limit established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7; provided that the affected Excepted Holder agrees to comply with the requirements established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7 and subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 7.2.7. 

Initial Date  .  The term  Initial Date  shall mean the date of the closing of the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the initial public offering of the Corporation. 
    Market Price  .  The term  Market Price  on any date shall mean, with respect to any class or series of outstanding shares of Capital Stock, the Closing Price for such Capital Stock on such date.  The  Closing Price  on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Capital Stock, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Capital Stock, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on NASDAQ or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on NASDAQ, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Capital Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the principal automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Capital Stock is not quoted by any such system, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Capital Stock selected by the Board of Directors or, in the event that no trading price is available for such Capital Stock, the fair market value of the Capital Stock, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.  
    NASDAQ  .  The term  NASDAQ  shall mean The NASDAQ Global Market. 
    Person  .  The term  Person  shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other entity and also includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and a group to which an Excepted Holder Limit applies. 

Prohibited Owner  .  The term  Prohibited Owner  shall mean, with respect to any purported Transfer (or other event), any Person who, but for the provisions of this Article VII, would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of the shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned. 
    Restriction Termination Date  .  The term  Restriction Termination Date  shall mean the first day after the Initial Date on which the Board of Directors determines pursuant to Section 5.7 of the Charter that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions and limitations on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfers of shares of Capital Stock set forth herein is no longer required in order for the Corporation to qualify as a REIT. 
    Transfer  .  The term  Transfer  shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire or possess Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership, or any agreement to take any such actions or cause any such events, of Capital Stock or the right to vote or receive dividends on Capital Stock, including (a) the granting or exercise of any option (or any disposition of any option), (b) any disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock or any interest in Capital Stock or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (c) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock; in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Constructively Owned or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise.  The terms  Transferring  and  Transferred  shall have the correlative meanings. 
    Trust  .  The term  Trust  shall mean any trust provided for in Section 7.3.1. 

Trustee  .  The term  Trustee  shall mean the Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and a Prohibited Owner, that is appointed by the Corporation to serve as trustee of the Trust. 
    Section 7.2        Capital Stock  . 
    Section 7.2.1    Ownership Limitations  .  During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date, but subject to Section 7.4: 
    (a)        Basic Restrictions  . 
    (i)  (1) No Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, (2) no Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit and (3) no Excepted Holder shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder. 
    (ii)  No Person shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock to the extent that such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock would result in the Corporation being  closely held  within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT (including, but not limited to, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership that would result in the Corporation owning (actually or Constructively) an interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code (for this purpose, a tenant from whom the Corporation (or an entity owned or controlled by the Corporation) derives (and is expected to continue to derive) a sufficiently small amount of revenue such that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, rent from such tenant would not adversely affect the Corporation s ability to qualify as a REIT shall not be treated as a tenant of the Corporation)). 

(iii)  Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, no Person shall Transfer shares of Capital Stock that, if effective, would result in the Capital Stock being beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code). 
    (b)        Transfer in Trust  .  If any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock occurs which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1(a), 
    (i)  then that number of shares of the Capital Stock the Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a) (rounded up to the nearest whole share) shall be automatically transferred to a Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 7.3, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such shares; or 
    (ii)  if the transfer to the Trust described in clause (i) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 7.2.1(a), then the Transfer of that number of shares of Capital Stock that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a) shall be void   ab     initio  , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock. 
    (iii)  In determining which shares of Capital Stock are to be transferred to a Trust in accordance with this Section 7.2.1(b) and Section 7.3 hereof, shares shall be so transferred to a Trust in such manner that minimizes the aggregate value of the shares that are transferred to the Trust (except to the extent that the Board of Directors determines that the shares transferred to the Trust shall be those directly or indirectly held or Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned by a Person or Persons that caused or contributed to the application of this Section 7.2.1(b)), and to the extent not inconsistent therewith, on a pro rata basis. 
    (iv)  To the extent that, upon a transfer of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to this Section 7.2.1(b), a violation of any provision of this Article VII would nonetheless be continuing (for example where the ownership of shares of Capital Stock by a single Trust would result in  

the Capital Stock being beneficially owned (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) by less than 100 Persons), then shares of Capital Stock shall be transferred to that number of Trusts, each having a distinct Trustee and a Charitable Beneficiary or Beneficiaries that are distinct from those of each other Trust, such that there is no violation of any provision of this Article VII. 
    Section 7.2.2    Remedies for Breach  .  If the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof shall at any time determine in good faith that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section 7.2.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of any shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1 (whether or not such violation is intended), the Board of Directors or a committee thereof shall take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, causing the Corporation to redeem shares, refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Corporation or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event;   provided  ,   however  , that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section 7.2.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Trust described above, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void   ab     initio   as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 
    Section 7.2.3    Notice of Restricted Transfer  .  Any Person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of shares of Capital Stock that will or may violate Section 7.2.1(a) or any Person who would have owned shares of Capital Stock that resulted in a transfer to the Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.2.1(b) shall immediately give written notice to the Corporation of such event or, in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Corporation such other information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Transfer on the Corporation s qualification as a REIT. 

Section 7.2.4    Owners Required To Provide Information  .  From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date: 
    (a)        every owner of five percent or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the U.S. Treasury Department regulations promulgated thereunder) in value or in number of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Corporation stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of each class and series of shares of Capital Stock Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such shares are held.  Each such owner shall provide to the Corporation such additional information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Beneficial Ownership on the Corporation s qualification as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and the Common Stock Ownership Limit; and 
    (b)        each Person who is a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner of Capital Stock and each Person (including the stockholder of record) who is holding Capital Stock for a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner shall provide to the Corporation such information as the Corporation may request, in good faith, in order to determine the Corporation s qualification as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and the Common Stock Ownership Limit. 
    Section 7.2.5    Remedies Not Limited  .  Subject to Section 5.7 of the Charter, nothing contained in this Section 7.2 shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Corporation and the interests of its stockholders in preserving the Corporation s qualification as a REIT. 
    Section 7.2.6    Ambiguity  .  In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3, or any definition contained in Section 7.1,  the Board of Directors shall have the power to determine the application of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 or any  

such definition with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it.  In the event Section 7.2 or 7.3 requires an action by the Board of Directors and the Charter fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board of Directors shall have the power to determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3.  Absent a decision to the contrary by the Board of Directors (which the Board may make in its sole and absolute discretion), if a Person would have (but for the remedies set forth in Section 7.2.2) acquired Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, such remedies (as applicable) shall apply first to the shares of Capital Stock which, but for such remedies, would have been Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned (but not actually owned) by such Person, pro rata among the Persons who actually own such shares of Capital Stock based upon the relative number of the shares of Capital Stock held by each such Person.   
    Section 7.2.7    Exceptions  . 
    (a)        Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a Person from the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit and/or any other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock, as the case may be, and may establish or increase an Excepted Holder Limit for such Person if: 
    (i)  the Board of Directors obtains such representations and undertakings from such Person as are reasonably necessary to ascertain that no individual s Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of such shares of Capital Stock will violate Section 7.2.1(a)(ii); 
    (ii)  such Person does not and represents that it will not own, actually or Constructively, an interest in a tenant of the Corporation (or a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by the Corporation) that would cause the Corporation to own, actually or Constructively, more than a 9.9% interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in such tenant and the Board of Directors obtains such representations and undertakings from such Person as are reasonably necessary to ascertain this fact  

(for this purpose, a tenant from whom the Corporation (or an entity owned or controlled by the Corporation) derives (and is expected to continue to derive) a sufficiently small amount of revenue such that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, rent from such tenant would not adversely affect the Corporation s ability to qualify as a REIT shall not be treated as a tenant of the Corporation); and  
    (iii)  such Person agrees that any violation or attempted violation of such representations or undertakings (or other action which is contrary to the restrictions contained in Sections 7.2.1 through 7.2.6) will result in such shares of Capital Stock being automatically transferred to a Trust in accordance with Sections 7.2.1(b) and 7.3. 
    (b)        Prior to granting any exception pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a), the Board of Directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Corporation s qualification as a REIT.  Notwithstanding the receipt of any ruling or opinion, the Board of Directors may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with granting such exception. 
    (c)        Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), an underwriter, placement agent or someone acting in a similar capacity which participates in a public offering, a private placement or other private offering of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit, any other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock, or all of such limits, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering, private placement or other private offering. 
    (d)        The Board of Directors may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder: (1) with the written consent of such Excepted Holder at any time or (2) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in  

connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder.  No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Common Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, or such other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock. 
    Section 7.2.8    Increase in Aggregate Stock Ownership and Common Stock Ownership Limits  .  Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), the Board of Directors may from time to time increase the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and such other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock for one or more Persons and decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and such other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock for all other Persons; provided, however, that the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit, Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and/or any other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock will not be effective for any Person whose percentage ownership in Common Stock is in excess of such decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit, whose percentage ownership in Capital Stock is in excess of such decreased Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, or whose percentage ownership in Capital Stock is in excess of such decreased other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock, as applicable, until such time as such Person s percentage of Common Stock equals or falls below the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit, such Person s percentage of Capital Stock equals or falls below the decreased Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, and/or such Person s percentage of Capital Stock equals or falls below the decreased other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock, as applicable, but any further acquisition of Capital Stock in excess of such percentage ownership of Common Stock and/or Capital Stock will be in violation of the Common Stock Ownership Limit, Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and/or any other ownership limit that may be established with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock and, provided further, that the new Common Stock Ownership Limit, Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and/or any other ownership limit that may be established  

with respect to any other class or series of Capital Stock, as applicable, would not allow five or fewer Persons to Beneficially Own more than 49.9% in value of the outstanding Capital Stock.   
    Section 7.2.9    Legend  .  Each certificate for shares of Capital Stock, if certificated, or any written statement of information in lieu of a certificate, if shares of Capital Stock are uncertificated, shall bear substantially the following legend: 
    
    The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership and Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose, among others, of the Corporation s maintenance of its qualification as a Real Estate Investment Trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).  Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Corporation s Charter, (i) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of the Corporation s Common Stock in excess of 9.8 percent (in value or number of shares) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (ii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation in excess of 9.8 percent (in value or number of shares) of the total outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (iii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Capital Stock that would result in the Corporation being  closely held  under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause the Corporation to fail to qualify as a REIT; and (iv) no Person may Transfer shares of Capital Stock if such Transfer would result in the Capital Stock of the Corporation being owned by fewer than 100 Persons.  Any Person who Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns or attempts to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock which causes or will cause a Person to Beneficially or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations must immediately notify the Corporation.  If any restriction on transfer or ownership is violated, the shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations will be automatically transferred to a Trustee of a Trust for the benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries.  In addition, the Corporation may redeem shares upon the terms and conditions specified by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion if the Board of Directors determines that ownership or a Transfer or other event may violate the restrictions described above.  Furthermore, upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the restrictions described above may be void   ab     initio  .  All capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the Charter of the Corporation, as the same may be amended from time to time, a copy of which, including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to each holder of Capital Stock of the Corporation on request and without charge.  Requests for such a copy may be directed to the Secretary of the Corporation at its principal office.   

Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate or written statement of information in lieu of a certificate may state that the Corporation will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a stockholder on request and without charge. 
    Section 7.3        Transfer of Capital Stock in Trust  . 
    Section 7.3.1    Ownership in Trust  .  Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 7.2.1(b) that would result in a transfer of shares of Capital Stock to a Trust, such shares of Capital Stock shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Trustee as trustee of a Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries.  Such transfer to the Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the Trust pursuant to Section 7.2.1(b).  The Trustee shall be appointed by the Corporation and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and any Prohibited Owner.  Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Corporation as provided in Section 7.3.6. 
    Section 7.3.2    Status of Shares Held by the Trustee  .  Shares of Capital Stock held by the Trustee shall be issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock.  The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the shares held by the Trustee.  The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in trust by the Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the Trust. 
    Section 7.3.3    Dividend and Voting Rights  .  The Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary.  Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee shall be paid by the recipient of such dividend or distribution to the Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Trustee.  Any dividend or other distribution so paid to the Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary.  The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to shares held in the Trust and, subject to  

Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee shall have the authority (at the Trustee s sole discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee and (ii) to recast such vote in accordance with the desires of the Trustee acting for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary; provided, however, that if the Corporation has already taken irreversible corporate action, then the Trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VII, until the Corporation has received notification that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred into a Trust, the Corporation shall be entitled to rely on its share transfer and other stockholder records for purposes of preparing lists of stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes of stockholders. 
    Section 7.3.4    Sale of Shares by Trustee  .  Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee of the Trust shall sell the shares held in the Trust to a person, designated by the Trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in Section 7.2.1(a).  Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 7.3.4.  The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust (  e.g.  , in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust and (2) the price per share received by the Trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Trust.  The Trustee shall reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII.  Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary.  If, prior to the  

discovery by the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, such shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 7.3.4, such excess shall be paid to the Trustee upon demand. 
    Section 7.3.5    Purchase Right in Stock Transferred to the Trustee  .  Shares of Capital Stock transferred to the Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Corporation, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Corporation, or its designee, accepts such offer.  The Corporation may reduce the amount payable to the Trustee by the amount of dividends and other distributions which has been paid to the Prohibited Owner and is owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII.  The Corporation shall have the right to accept such offer until the Trustee has sold the shares held in the Trust pursuant to Section 7.3.4.  Upon such a sale to the Corporation, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner. 
    Section 7.3.6    Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries  .  By written notice to the Trustee, the Corporation shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary of the interest in the Trust such that (i) the shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary and (ii) each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. 
    Section 7.4        NASDAQ Transactions  .  Nothing in this Article VII shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of NASDAQ or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system.  The fact that the settlement of any transaction occurs  

shall not negate the effect of any other provision of this Article VII and any transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Article VII. 
    Section 7.5        Enforcement  . The Corporation is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VII. 
    Section 7.6        Non-Waiver  .  No delay or failure on the part of the Corporation or the Board of Directors in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Corporation or the Board of Directors, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing. 
    Section 7.7        Severability  .  If any provision of this Article VII or any application of any such provision is determined to be invalid by any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the issues, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected and other applications of such provisions shall be affected only to the extent necessary to comply with the determination of such court. 
  ARTICLE VIII 
  AMENDMENTS 
    The Corporation reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Charter, of any shares of outstanding stock.  All rights and powers conferred by the Charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation.  Except as set forth below and except for those amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or by specific provision in the Charter, any amendment to the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.      Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment to Section 5.8 or to this sentence of the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

ARTICLE IX 
  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
    To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of directors and officers of a corporation, no present or former director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for money damages.  Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or Bylaws inconsistent with this Article IX, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
    THIRD  :  The amendment to and restatement of the charter as hereinabove set forth have been duly advised by the Board of Directors and approved by the stockholders of the Corporation as required by law. 
    FOURTH  :  The current address of the principal office of the Corporation is as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
    FIFTH  :  The name and address of the Corporation s current resident agent are as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
    SIXTH  :  The number of directors of the Corporation and the names of those currently in office are as set forth in Article V of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
    SEVENTH  :  The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation had authority to issue immediately prior to the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter was 1,000, consisting of 1,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share.  The aggregate par value of all shares of stock having par value was $10.  
    EIGHTH  :  The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation has authority to issue pursuant to the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter is 350,000,000, consisting of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share, and 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share.  The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is $3,500,000. 

NINTH  :  The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 
  [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its Chief Executive Officer and attested to by its Senior Vice President and Secretary on this 30th day of September, 2016. 
    
  ATTEST:                        AMERICAN CAPITAL MORTGAGE                                     INVESTMENT CORP. 

__/s/ Kenneth Pollack____________            By:   __/s/ Gary Kain____   (SEAL) 
  Kenneth L. Pollack, Senior Vice                Gary Kain 
  President and Secretary                    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 mtge2016930ex32bylaws.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.2 
  MTGE INVESTMENT CORP. 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
  (as amended) 
  ARTICLE I 
  OFFICES 
    Section 1.        PRINCIPAL OFFICE  .  The principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may designate. 
    Section 2.        ADDITIONAL OFFICES  .  The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 
  ARTICLE II 
  MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
    Section 1.        PLACE  .  All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set in accordance with these Bylaws and stated in the notice of the meeting. 
    Section 2.        ANNUAL MEETING  .  An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors.  The Corporation shall hold its first annual meeting of stockholders beginning with the year 2012. 
    Section 3.        SPECIAL MEETINGS  . 
    (a)        General  .  Each of (i) the chair of the board, (ii) the chief executive officer pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors or by a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings and (iii) the Board of Directors may call a special meeting of stockholders.  Except as provided in subsection (b)(4) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the chair of the board, chief executive officer or Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting.  Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting.  
    (b)        Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings  .  (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the  Record Date Request Notice ) by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the  Request Record Date ).  The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of  

signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the  Exchange Act ).  Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date.  The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors.  If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary.  
    (2)        In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the  Special Meeting Request ) signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the  Special Meeting Percentage ) shall be delivered to the secretary.  In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (d) be sent to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date.  Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary.   
    (3)        The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials).  The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b), the secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of such notice of the meeting. 
    (4)        In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders (a  Stockholder-Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors;   provided  , however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the  Meeting Record Date  and   provided further   that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the secretary (the  Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m., local time, on the 90   th    day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90   th    day is not a Business Day (as defined  

below), on the first preceding Business Day; and   provided further   that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.  In fixing a date for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, the Board of Directors may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting.  In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30   th    day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date.  The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder-Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 
    (5)        If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting on the matter to the secretary:  (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporation s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chair of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chair of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting without acting on the matter.  Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
    (6)        The chair of the board, chief executive officer or Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary.  For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage.  Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
    
    (7)        For purposes of these Bylaws,  Business Day  shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of Maryland are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
    Section 4.        NOTICE  .  Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic  

transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder s residence or usual place of business or by any other means permitted by Maryland law.  If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid.  If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions.  The Corporation may give a single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless such stockholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice.  Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. 
    Subject to Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice.  No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice.  The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting.  Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section. 
    Section 5.        ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT  .  Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by the chair of the board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chair of the board, by the chief executive officer or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chair of the board and the chief executive officer, by any executive vice president.  The secretary, or, in the secretary s absence, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of both the secretary and assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such appointment, an individual appointed by the chair of the meeting shall act as secretary.  In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of stockholders, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting.  The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chair of the meeting.  The chair of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chair and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting; (b) limiting attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and such other individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine; (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders of record of the Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine; (d) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments; (e) determining when and for how long the polls should be opened and when the polls should be closed; (f) maintaining order and security at the meeting; (g) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chair of the meeting; (h) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and at a place announced at the meeting; and (i) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security.  Unless otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.  

Section 6.        QUORUM  .  At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter shall constitute a quorum; but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter.  If such quorum is not established at any meeting of the stockholders, the chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting   sine die   or from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting.  At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. 
    The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum.  
  Section 7.        VOTING  .  A majority of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a director; provided that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, each director shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast.  For purposes of this Section, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast  for  a director nominee must exceed the votes cast  against  that nominee. Each share may be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or by the charter of the Corporation. Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the charter, each outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Voting on any question or in any election may be   viva voce   unless the chair of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 
    
  Section 8.        PROXIES  .  A holder of record of shares of stock of the Corporation may cast votes in person or by proxy executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by law.  Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the secretary of the Corporation before or at the meeting.  No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
    
    Section 9.        VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS  .  Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, general partner, trustee or managing member thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock.  Any director or fiduciary may vote stock registered in the name of such person in the capacity of such director or fiduciary, either in person or by proxy. 
    Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
    The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in  

writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder.  The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it; if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation; and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or desirable.  On receipt by the Corporation of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the holder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 
    Section 10.        INSPECTORS  .  The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor to the inspector.  Except as otherwise provided by the chair of the meeting, the inspectors, if any, shall (i) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy, and the validity and effect of proxies, (ii) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (iii) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting, (iv) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (v) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote.  Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting.  If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors.  The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be   prima facie   evidence thereof.  
    Section 11.    ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS  .  
    (a)        Annual Meetings of Stockholders  .  (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 
    (2)        For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders.  To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall set forth all information required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150   th    day nor later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 120   th    day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in connection with the Corporation s first annual meeting or in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 150   th    day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 120   th    day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made.  The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above.   

(3)        Such stockholder s notice shall set forth:  
    (i)        as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a  Proposed Nominee ), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act; 
    (ii)        as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description of such business, the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom; 
    (iii)        as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person,  
    (A)        the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the  Company Securities ), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person,  
    (B)        the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, 
    (C)        whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of Company Securities for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities, and 
    (D)        any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a   pro rata   basis by all other holders of the same class or series; 
    (iv)        as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a)  

and any Proposed Nominee,  
    (A)        the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, and the current name     and business address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee and 
    (B)        the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person;  
    (v)        the name and address of any person who contacted or was contacted by the stockholder giving the notice or any Stockholder Associated Person about the Proposed Nominee or other business proposal prior to the date of such stockholder s notice; and 
    (vi)        to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business on the date of such stockholder s notice. 
    (4)        Such stockholder s notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a certificate executed by the Proposed Nominee (i) certifying that such Proposed Nominee (a) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation and (b) will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected; and (ii) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request, to the stockholder providing the notice and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded).  
    (5)        Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 11(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
    (6)        For purposes of this Section 11,  Stockholder Associated Person  of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 

(b)        Special Meetings of Stockholders  .  Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting.  Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11.  In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice, containing the information required by paragraph (a)(3) of this Section 11, is delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 120   th    day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90   th    day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting.  The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above.   
    (c)        General  .  (1)  If information submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11.  Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information.  Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (A) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11, and (B) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date.  If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification or written update within such period, the information as to which written verification or a written update was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 
    (2)        Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11.  The chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11. 
    (3)        For purposes of this Section 11,  the date of the proxy statement  shall have the same meaning as  the date of the company s proxy statement released to shareholders  as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time.   Public announcement  shall mean disclosure (A) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news  

or wire service or (B) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act.  
    (4)        Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11.  Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act.  Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act.  
    Section 12.        CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the  MGCL ), shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation.  This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition.       
  ARTICLE III 
  DIRECTORS 
    Section 1.        GENERAL POWERS  .  The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors.   
    Section 2.        NUMBER, TENURE     AND RESIGNATION  .  At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL, nor more than 15, and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors, and further provided that the number of directors shall not be increased by fifty percent (50%) or more in any twelve-month period without the approval of at least sixty-six percent (66%) of the entire Board of Directors.  Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or the secretary.  Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation.  The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation.   
    Section 3.        ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS  .  An annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary.  In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
    Section 4.        SPECIAL MEETINGS  .  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the chair of the board, the chief executive officer or a majority of the directors then in office.  The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix any  

place as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them.  The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution.  
    Section 5.        NOTICE  .  Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, courier or United States mail to each director at his or her business or residence address.  Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting.  Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting.  Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting.  Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party.  Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director.  Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt.  Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid.  Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed.  Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws.   
    Section 6.        QUORUM  .  A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that, if less than a majority of such directors is present at such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, and provided further that if, pursuant to applicable law, the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a particular group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority or such other percentage of such group. 
    The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum. 
    Section 7.        VOTING  .  The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the charter or these Bylaws.  If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws. 
    Section 8.        ORGANIZATION  .  At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or, in the absence of the chair, the vice chair of the board, if any, shall act as chair of the meeting.  In the absence of both the chair and vice chair of the board, the chief executive officer or, in the absence of the chief executive officer, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chair of the meeting.  The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation, or, in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the chair of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
    Section 9.        TELEPHONE MEETINGS  . Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can  

hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.  
    Section 10.        CONSENT BY DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING  .  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
    Section 11.        VACANCIES  .      If for any reason any or all the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder.  Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum.  Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
    Section 12.        COMPENSATION  .  Directors who are not also officers of the Corporation may receive compensation per year and/or per meeting and/or per visit to real property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors; provided that the Board of Directors approves such compensation.  All directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expenses, if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they perform or engage in as directors.  Directors who are officers or employees of the Corporation shall not receive compensation as directors.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
    Section 13.        RELIANCE  .  Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 
    Section 14.        RATIFICATION  .  The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify and make binding on the Corporation any action or inaction by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter.  Moreover, any action or inaction questioned in any stockholders  derivative proceeding or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if the questioned action or inaction had been originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders and shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction. 
    Section 15.        CERTAIN RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS  .  Any director, in his or her personal capacity  

or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee, or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to, in addition to or in competition with those of or relating to the Corporation. 
    Section 16.        EMERGENCY PROVISIONS  .  Notwithstanding any other provision in the charter or these Bylaws, this Section 16 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an  Emergency ).  During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board     of Directors, (i) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director, the chief executive officer or any executive vice president by any means feasible under the circumstances; (ii) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio; and (iii) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors. 
  ARTICLE IV 
  COMMITTEES 
    Section 1.        NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS  .  The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Audit Committee,     a Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee and one or more other committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
    Section 2.        POWERS  .  The Board of Directors may delegate to committees appointed under Section 1 of this Article any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law. 
    Section 3.        MEETINGS  .  Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors.  A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee.  The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee.  The Board of Directors may designate a chair of any committee, and such chair or, in the absence of a chair, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide.  In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. 
    Section 4.        TELEPHONE MEETINGS  .  Members of a committee of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time.  Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.  
    Section 5.        CONSENT BY COMMITTEES WITHOUT A MEETING  .  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee. 
    Section 6.        VACANCIES  .  Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee.   

ARTICLE V 
  OFFICERS 
    Section 1.        GENERAL PROVISIONS  .  The officers of the Corporation shall include     a chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary and may include a chair of the board (who must be a director), a vice chair of the board, one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, and one or more assistant secretaries.  In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or desirable.  The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents and assistant secretaries or other officers.  Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided.  Any two or more offices may be held by the same person.  Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent. 
    Section 2.        REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION  .  Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed.  Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board, the chief executive officer or the secretary.  Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation.  The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation.  Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation. 
    Section 3.        VACANCIES  .  A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the balance of the term. 
    Section 4.        CHAIR OF THE BOARD  .  The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a chair of the board, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation.  The Board of Directors may designate the chair of the board as an executive or non-executive chair.  The chair of the board shall preside over the meetings of the Board of Directors.  The chair of the board shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
    Section 5.        CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  .  The chair of the board shall initially be the chief executive officer and thereafter, at such time as the Board of Directors shall determine, the chief executive officer shall be such officer as the Board of Directors may designate from time to time.  The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation.  He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed; and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time.   
    Section 6.        CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  .  The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer.  The chief operating officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 

Section 7.        CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  .  The chief financial officer shall have the custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer or the Board of Directors.  The chief financial officer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the chief executive officer and Board of Directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as chief financial officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.  In the absence of a designation of a treasurer by the Board of Directors, the chief financial officer shall be the treasurer of the Corporation. 
    Section 8.        PRESIDENT  .  The Board of Directors may designate a president.  The president shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
    Section 9.        VICE PRESIDENTS  .  The Board of Directors may designate one or more vice presidents.  Each Vice President shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.  The Board of Directors may designate one or more vice presidents as executive vice president, senior vice president, or vice president for particular areas of responsibility. 
    Section 10.        SECRETARY  .  The secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation; (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such stockholder; (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation; and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
    Section 11.        TREASURER  .  The treasurer, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer or the Board of Directors.   
    Section 12.        ASSISTANT SECRETARIES  .  The assistant secretaries, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the secretary or by the chief executive officer or the Board of Directors.   
    Section 13.        COMPENSATION  .  The compensation of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by or under the authority of the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director. 
  ARTICLE VI 
  CONTRACTS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
    Section 1.        CONTRACTS  .  The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.  Any agreement, deed, mortgage,  

lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors     and executed by an authorized person. 
    Section 2.        CHECKS AND DRAFTS  .  All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be executed by the chair of the board, any vice chair of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, any vice president or such officers, employees or agents as the Board of Directors or any of such designated officers may direct. 
    Section 3.        DEPOSITS  .  All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited or invested from time to time to the credit of the Corporation as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors may determine. 
  ARTICLE VII 
  STOCK 
    Section 1.        CERTIFICATES  .  Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, all shares of capital stock of the Corporation issued after March 25, 2011 shall be uncertificated shares.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented by a certificate issued on or prior to March 25, 2011 shall be certificated shares until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation.  In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in the manner permitted by the MGCL.  In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates.  There shall be no differences in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates.   
    Section 2.        TRANSFERS  .  All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation, by the holder of the shares, in person or by his or her attorney, in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed.  The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates.  Upon the transfer of any uncertificated shares, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. 
    The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the charter of the Corporation and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 
    Section 3.        REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE  .  Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by  

the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated; provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors has determined that such certificates may be issued.  Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation. 
    Section 4.        FIXING OF RECORD DATE  .  The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose.  Such date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken. 
    When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if adjourned or postponed, except if the meeting is adjourned or postponed to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting may be determined as set forth herein. 
    Section 5.        STOCK LEDGER  .  The Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder of record and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder. 
    Section 6.        FRACTIONAL STOCK; ISSUANCE OF UNITS  .  The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to issue fractional stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may issue units consisting of different securities of the Corporation.  Any security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Corporation, except that the Board of Directors may provide that for a specified period securities of the Corporation issued in such unit may be transferred on the books of the Corporation only in such unit. 
  ARTICLE VIII 
  FISCAL YEAR 
    The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the twelve calendar months period ending December 31 in each year, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors. 
  ARTICLE IX 
  DISTRIBUTIONS 
    Section 1.        AUTHORIZATION  .  Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the charter of the Corporation.  Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the  

Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the charter. 
    Section 2.        CONTINGENCIES  .  Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 
  ARTICLE X 
  INVESTMENT POLICY 
    Subject to the provisions of the charter of the Corporation, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt, amend, revise or terminate any policy or policies with respect to investments by the Corporation as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. 
  ARTICLE XI 
  SEAL 
    Section 1.        SEAL  .  The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation.  The seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words  Incorporated Maryland.   The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 
    Section 2.        AFFIXING SEAL  .  Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word  (SEAL)  adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation. 
  ARTICLE XII 
  INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 
    To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity.  The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the charter of the Corporation and these Bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer.  The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board of Directors, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation.  The indemnification and payment or reimbursement of expenses provided in these Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way other rights to  

which any person seeking indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses may be or may become entitled under any bylaw, resolution, insurance, agreement or otherwise. 
    Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
  ARTICLE XIII 
  WAIVER OF NOTICE 
    Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given pursuant to the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice.  Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute.  The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. 
  ARTICLE XIV 
  AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
    The Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws. 
    
  Adopted as of: July 20, 2011 
  As amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 26, 2011 and Amendment No. 2, dated as of October 20, 2015  

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.1>
 4
 mtge2016930ex41.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

mtgecommonstockcertifica  

THIS CERTIFIES THAT   is the owner of   CUSIP   DATED   COUNTERSIGNED AND REGISTERED:   COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.   TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR,   FULLY-PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF   MTGE Investment Corp. (hereinafter called the  Company ), transferable on the books of the Company in   person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. This Certificate and   the shares represented hereby, are issued and shall be held subject to all of the provisions of the Articles of   Incorporation, as amended, and the By-Laws, as amended, of the Company (copies of which are on file with the   Company and with the Transfer Agent), to all of which each holder, by acceptance hereof, assents. This   Certificate is not valid unless countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar.   Witness the facsimile seal of the Company and the facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers.   COMMON STOCK   PAR VALUE $0.01   SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS   Certificate   Number   Shares   .   MTGE INVESTMENT CORP.   INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND   By   AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE   President   CEO   Senior Vice President   Secretary   COMMON STOCK   THIS CERTIFICATE IS TRANSFERABLE   IN CANTON, MA, JERSEY CITY, NJ AND   COLLEGE STATION, TX   55378A 10 5   ZQ|CERT#|COY|CLS|RGSTRY|ACCT#|TRANSTYPE|RUN#|TRANS#   DD-MMM-YYYY   * * 0 0 0 0 0 0 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *   * * * 0 0 0 0 0 0 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *   * * * * 0 0 0 0 0 0 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *   * * * * * 0 0 0 0 0 0 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *   * * * * * * 0 0 0 0 0 0 * * * * * * * * * * * * * *   ** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample   **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David   Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander   David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr.   Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample ****   Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample   **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David   Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander   David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr.   Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample ****   Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Alexander David Sample **** Mr. Sample **** Mr. Sample   **000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares***   *000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****   000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****0   00000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****00   0000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000   000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****0000   00**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****00000   0**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000   **Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000*   *Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**   Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**Shares****000000**S   ***ZERO HUNDRED THOUSAND   ZERO HUNDRED AND ZERO***   MR. SAMPLE   MRS. SAMPLE     MR. SAMPLE   MRS. SAMPLE   ZQ00000000   Certificate   Number   s   1234567890/123456789   0   1234567890/123456789   0   1234567890/123456789   0   1234567890/123456789   0   1234567890/123456789   0   1234567890/123456789   0   Total   Transactio   n   Num/No   .   123456   Denom   .   123456   Tota   l   1234567   MR   A SAMPL   E   DESIGN   ATION (IF ANY   )   ADD   1   ADD   2   ADD   3   ADD   4   PO BOX 43004, Providence, RI 02940-3004   CUSI   P   XXXXXX   XX   X   Holder   ID   XXXXXXXXX   X   Insurance   Value      1,000,000.0   0   Number   of   Share   s   12345   6   DT   C   12345678    12345678901234   5   Exhibit 4.1     

The IRS requires that we report the cost basis of certain shares   acquired after January 1, 2011. If your shares were covered by   the legislation and you have sold or transferred the shares and   requested a specific cost basis calculation method, we have   processed as requested. If you did not specify a cost basis   calculation method, we have defaulted to the first in, first out   (FIFO) method. Please visit our website or consult your tax   advisor if you need additional information about cost basis.   If you do not keep in contact with us or do not have any   activity in your account for the time periods specified by state   law, your property could become subject to state unclaimed   property laws and transferred to the appropriate state.   For value received, ____________________________hereby sell, assign and transfer unto   ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________   ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________   ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________   _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Shares   _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Attorney   Dated: __________________________________________20__________________   Signature: ____________________________________________________________   Signature: ____________________________________________________________   Notice: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name   as written upon the face of the certificate, in every particular,   without alteration or enlargement, or any change whatever.   PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE   (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)   of the common stock represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint   to transfer the said stock on the books of the within-named Company with full power of substitution in the premises.   .   MTGE INVESTMENT CORP.   The Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests, a statement of the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating,   optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof which the Corporation is authorized to issue and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions   of such preferences and/or rights.  Any such request should be addressed to the Secretary of the Corporation at its principal office.   The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership and Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose, among   others, of the Corporation s maintenance of its qualification as a Real Estate Investment Trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).   Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Corporation s Charter, (i) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own   shares of the Corporation s Common Stock in excess of 9.8 percent (in value or number of shares) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation   unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (ii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively   Own shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation in excess of 9.8 percent (in value or number of shares) of the total outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the   Corporation, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (iii) no Person may Beneficially Own or   Constructively Own Capital Stock that would result in the Corporation being  closely held  under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause the Corporation   to fail to qualify as a REIT; and (iv) no Person may Transfer shares of Capital Stock if such Transfer would result in the Capital Stock of the Corporation being   owned by fewer than 100 Persons.  Any Person who Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns or attempts to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of   Capital Stock which causes or will cause a Person to Beneficially or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations   must immediately notify the Corporation.  If any restriction on transfer or ownership is violated, the shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above   limitations will be automatically transferred to a Trustee of a Trust for the benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries.  In addition, the Corporation may redeem   shares upon the terms and conditions specified by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion if the Board of Directors determines that ownership or a Transfer or   other event may violate the restrictions described above.  Furthermore, upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the restrictions   described above may be void ab initio.  All capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the Charter of the Corporation, as the same may be   amended from time to time, a copy of which, including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to each holder of Capital Stock of the Corporation   on request and without charge.  Requests for such a copy may be directed to the Secretary of the Corporation at its principal office.   Signature(s) Guaranteed: Medallion Guarantee Stamp   THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (Banks,   Stockbrokers, Savings and Loan Associations and Credit Unions) WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED   SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15.   The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full   according to applicable laws or regulations:   TEN COM - as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT -............................................Custodian ................................................   (Cust) (Minor)   TEN ENT - as tenants by the entireties under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act.........................................................   (State)   JT TEN - as joint tenants with right of survivorship UNIF TRF MIN ACT -............................................Custodian (until age ................................)   and not as tenants in common (Cust)   .............................under Uniform Transfers to Minors Act ...................   (Minor) (State)   Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.     

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 mtge2016930ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  MTGE Investment Corp. 
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302(a) 
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Gary Kain, certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MTGE Investment Corp.; 
    
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
    
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/    GARY KAIN 

Gary Kain 
  Chief Executive Officer,  
  President and Chief Investment Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 mtge2016930ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  MTGE Investment Corp. 
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302(a) 
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Peter J. Federico, certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MTGE Investment Corp.; 
    
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
    
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/    PETER J. FEDERICO 

Peter J. Federico 
  Chief Financial Officer and 
  Executive Vice President  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 mtge2016930ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  MTGE Investment Corp. 
  Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  We, Gary Kain, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Investment Officer, and Peter J. Federico, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of MTGE Investment Corp. (the  Company ), certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that: 

2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                       Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/    GARY KAIN 

Gary Kain Chief Executive Officer,  President and Chief Investment Officer 

Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/    PETER J. FEDERICO 

Peter J. Federico Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 mtge-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mtge-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mtge-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mtge-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mtge-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mtge-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

