<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1614806_0001571049-16-019430_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6287983</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>170699</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>375112</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1455551</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2752225</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1383638</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>105</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019430.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103172749
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019430
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Great Ajax Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001614806
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				465211780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36844
		FILM NUMBER:		161972906

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9400 SW BEAVERTON-HILLSDALE HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 131
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-295-5800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9400 SW BEAVERTON-HILLSDALE HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 131
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019430.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 t1602562_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from __________
to  __________  

001-36844  
 (Commission file number)  

GREAT AJAX
CORP.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland 
       
     47-1271842  
 
       State or other jurisdiction  
     of incorporation or organization   
         
       (I.R.S. Employer  
     Identification No.)    

503-505-5670 
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such report(s), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer  x   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of November 2, 2016, 18,744,090
of the Registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, were outstanding which includes 624,106 operating partnership
units that are exchangeable on a one-for-one basis into shares of the registrant s common stock. 

Table of Contents  

Page   

PART I Financial Information  
     1  

Item 1. Consolidated Interim Financial Statements  
     1  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
     31  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     32  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     48  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
     49  

PART II  Other Information  
     51  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
     51  

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     51  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     51  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     51  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     51  

Item 5. Other Information  
     51  

Item 6. Exhibits  
     51  

i       

       Table of Contents   

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1.  Consolidated Interim Financial Statements 

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

(Dollars in thousands except shares and per share data)  

(1)  Mortgage loans include $595,279 and $398,696 of loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, transferred
to securitization trusts that are variable interest entities ( VIEs ); these loans can only be used to settle obligations
of the VIEs. Secured borrowings consist of notes issued by VIEs that can only be settled with the assets and cash flows of the
VIEs. The creditors do not have recourse to the primary beneficiary (Great Ajax Corp.). See Note 8 Debt. Secured borrowings
are presented net of deferred issuance costs.   

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the consolidated interim financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

  (Unaudited)  

(Dollars in thousands except shares and per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the consolidated interim financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the consolidated interim financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Dollars in thousands
except share data) 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the consolidated interim financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

GREAT AJAX CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and basis of
presentation 

Great Ajax Corp., a Maryland corporation (the
 Company ), is an externally managed real estate company formed on January 30, 2014, and capitalized on March 28, 2014,
by its then sole stockholder, Aspen Yo LLC ( Aspen Yo ), a company affiliated with the Aspen Capital companies ( Aspen
Capital ). The Company was formed to facilitate capital raising activities and to operate as a mortgage real estate investment
trust ( REIT ). The Company focuses primarily on acquiring, investing in and managing a portfolio of re-performing
( RPL ) and non-performing ( NPL ) mortgage loans secured by single-family residences and, to a lesser
extent, single-family properties. Re-performing loans are loans on which at least five of the seven most recent payments have been
made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant to an agreement, or the full dollar amount to cover at least
five payments has been paid in the last seven months. Non-performing loans are those loans on which the most recent three payments
have not been made. The Company also invests in loans secured by smaller multi-family residential and commercial mixed use retail/residential
properties, as well as in the properties directly. The Company s manager is Thetis Asset Management LLC (the  Manager 
or  Thetis ), an affiliated company. The Company owns 19.8% of the Manager. The Company s mortgage loans and
real properties are serviced by Gregory Funding LLC ( Gregory  or  Servicer ), also an affiliated company.
The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ). 

The Company conducts substantially all of its
business through its operating partnership, Great Ajax Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the  Operating
Partnership ), and its subsidiaries. The Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, is the sole general partner of the Operating
Partnership. GA-TRS LLC, ( Thetis TRS ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership that owns the equity
interest in the Manager. The Company elected to treat Thetis TRS as a  taxable REIT subsidiary  ( TRS )
under the Code. Great Ajax Funding LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership formed to act as the depositor
of mortgage loans into securitization trusts and to hold the subordinated securities issued by such trusts and any additional trusts
the Company may form for additional securitizations. The Company generally securitizes its mortgage loans and retains subordinated
securities from the securitizations. AJX Mortgage Trust I and AJX Mortgage Trust II are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating
Partnership formed to hold mortgage loans used as collateral for financings under the Company s repurchase agreements. In
addition, the Company, through its Operating Partnership, holds real estate owned properties ( REO ) acquired upon
the foreclosure or other settlement of its owned non-performing loans, as well as through outright purchases. GAJX Real Estate
LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership formed to own, maintain, improve and sell REO properties purchased
by the Company. The Company has elected to treat GAJX Real Estate LLC as a TRS under the Code. During the first quarter of 2016,
the Company formed FLAIAS LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the operating partnership, to acquire property tax liens in the state
of Florida. 

The Company commenced its operations in July
2014, and completed its initial public offering, or IPO, on February 19, 2015. 

The Company completed an additional public offering
of its common stock in June 2016, in which it sold an aggregate of 2,589,427 shares of common stock, including shares sold pursuant
to exercise of the option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters. The Company is using the approximately $32.0
million of proceeds, net of expenses, to acquire additional mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets. 

Table of Contents   

Basis of presentation and use of estimates 

These
interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto for the period ended December 31, 2015 included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )  on March 29,
2016.  

Interim financial statements are unaudited and
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim
financial information and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring accruals considered necessary for the fair presentation of consolidated
financial statements for the interim period presented, have been included. The current period s results of operations will
not necessarily be indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. 

The consolidated interim financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, as contained within the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) and the rules and regulations of the SEC, as applied to interim
financial statements. 

All controlled subsidiaries are included in
the consolidated financial statements and all intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The
Operating Partnership is a majority owned partnership that has a non-controlling ownership interest that is included in non-controlling
interests on the consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2016, the Company owned 96.7% of the outstanding operating
partnership units ( OP Units ) and the remaining 3.3% of the OP Units were owned by an unaffiliated holder. 

The Company s 19.8% investment in the
Manager is accounted for using the equity method because the Company exercises significant influence on the operations of the Manager
through common officers and directors. There is no traded or quoted price for the interests in the Manager since it is privately
held. 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. The Company considers significant estimates to include
expected cash flows from mortgage loans and fair value measurements. 

Note 2   Summary of significant accounting policies 

Mortgage loans 

Purchased mortgage loans are initially recorded
at the purchase price, net of any acquisition fees or costs at the time of acquisition and are considered asset acquisitions. As
part of the determination of the bid price for mortgage loans, the Company uses a proprietary discounted cash flow valuation model
to project expected cash flows, and consider alternate loan resolution probabilities, including liquidation or conversion to real
estate owned. Observable inputs to the model include interest rates, loan amounts, status of payments and property types. Unobservable
inputs to the model include discount rates, forecast of future home prices, alternate loan resolution probabilities, resolution
timelines, the value of underlying properties and other economic and demographic data. 

Loans acquired with deterioration in credit
quality  

The loans acquired by the Company have generally
suffered some credit deterioration subsequent to origination. As a result, the Company is required to account for the mortgage
loans pursuant to ASC 310-30, (Accounting for Loans with Deterioration in Credit Quality ).
 The Company s recognition of interest income for loans within the scope of ASC 310-30 is based upon its having a reasonable
expectation of the amount and timing of the cash flows expected to be collected. When the timing and amount of cash flows expected
to be collected are reasonably estimable, the Company uses expected cash flows to apply the interest method of income recognition. 

Under ASC 310-30, acquired loans may be aggregated
and accounted for as a pool of loans if the loans have common risk characteristics. A pool is accounted for as a single asset with
a single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows. Re-performing mortgage loans have been determined
to have common risk 

Table of Contents   

characteristics and are accounted for as a single
loan pool for loans acquired within each three-month calendar quarter. Similarly, non-performing mortgage loans have been determined
to have common risk characteristics and are accounted for as a single non-performing pool for loans acquired within each three-month
calendar quarter. Excluded from the aggregate pools are loans that pay in full subsequent to the acquisition closing date but prior
to pooling. Any gain or loss incurred on these loans is recognized in the period the loan pays in full. 

The Company s accounting for loans under
ASC 310-30 gives rise to an accretable yield and a non-accretable amount. The excess of all undiscounted cash flows expected to
be collected at acquisition over the initial investment in the loans is the accretable yield. Cash flows expected at acquisition
include all cash flows directly related to the acquired loan, including those expected from the underlying collateral. The Company
recognizes the accretable yield as interest income on a prospective level yield basis over the life of the pool. The excess of
a loan s contractually required payments receivable over the amount of cash flows expected at the acquisition is the non-accretable
amount. The Company s expectation of the amount of cash flows expected to be collected is evaluated at the end of each calendar
quarter. If the Company expects to collect greater cash flows over the life of the pool, the accretable yield amount increases
and the expected yield to maturity is adjusted on a prospective basis. If the Company expects to collect lower cash flows over
the life of the pool, the Company records an impairment through the allowance for loan losses. 

Loans acquired that have not experienced a deterioration in credit
quality  

While the Company generally acquires loans that
have experienced deterioration in credit quality, it may, from time to time, acquire loans that have not missed a scheduled payment
and have not experienced a deterioration in credit quality. 

Accrual of interest on individual loans is discontinued
when management believes that, after considering economic and business conditions and collection efforts, the borrower s
financial condition is such that collection of interest is doubtful. The Company s policy is to stop accruing interest when
a loan s delinquency exceeds 90 days. All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on non-accrual status
or subsequently charged-off are reversed against interest income. Income is subsequently recognized on the cash basis until, in
management s judgment, the borrower s ability to make periodic principal and interest payments returns and future payments
are reasonably assured, in which case the loan is returned to accrual status. 

An individual loan is considered to be impaired
when, based on current events and conditions, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due (both principal
and interest) according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans are carried at the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s market price, or the fair value of the
collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. For individual loans, a troubled debt restructuring is a formal restructuring of
a loan where, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, a concession that would not
otherwise be considered is granted to the borrower. The concession may be granted in various forms, including providing a below-market
interest rate, a reduction in the loan balance or accrued interest, an extension of the maturity date, or a combination of these.
An individual loan that has had a troubled debt restructuring is considered to be impaired and is subject to the relevant accounting
for impaired loans. Loans are tested quarterly for impairment and impairment reserves are recorded to the extent the net realizable
value of the underlying collateral falls below net book value. 

If necessary, an allowance for loan losses is
established through a provision for loan losses charged to expenses. The allowance is an amount that management believes will be
adequate to absorb probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible, based on evaluations of the collectability
of loans. 

Real estate 

The Company acquires real estate properties
when it forecloses on the borrower and takes title to the underlying property (real estate owned or REO). Property is recorded
at cost if purchased, or at the present value of future cash flows if obtained through foreclosure by the Company. Property that
is currently unoccupied and actively marketed for sale is classified as held-for-sale. Property held-for-sale is carried at the
lower of its acquisition basis, net realizable value (fair market value less expected selling costs), appraisals or independent
broker price opinion (BPOs). Net unrealized losses due to changes in market value are recognized through a 

Table of Contents   

valuation allowance by charges to income. No depreciation or amortization
expense is recognized on properties held-for-sale, while holding costs are expensed as incurred. 

Rental property is property not held-for-sale.
Rental properties are intended to be held as long-term investments but may eventually be held-for-sale. Property is held for investment
as rental property if the modeled present value of the future expected cash flows from use as a rental exceed the present value
of expected cash flows from a sale. Depreciation is provided for using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets of three to 27.5 years. The Company performs an impairment analysis for all rental property not held-for-sale using
estimated cash flows if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired, such as prolonged
vacancy, identification of materially adverse legal or environmental factors, changes in expected ownership period or a decline
in market value to an amount less than cost. This analysis is performed at the property level. The cash flows are estimated based
on a number of assumptions that are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, among others, demand for rental properties,
competition for customers, changes in market rental rates, costs to operate each property and expected ownership periods. 

If the carrying amount of a held-for-investment
asset exceeds the sum of its undiscounted future operating and residual cash flows, an impairment loss is recorded for the difference
between estimated fair value of the asset and the carrying amount. The Company generally estimates the fair value of assets held
for use by using BPOs. In some instances, appraisal information may be available and is used in addition to BPOs. 

The Company performs property renovations to
maximize the value of the property for its rental strategy. Such expenditures are part of its investment in a property and, therefore,
are capitalized as part of the basis of the property. Subsequently, the residential property, including any renovations that improve
or extend the life of the asset, are accounted for at cost. The cost basis is depreciated using the straight-line method over an
estimated useful life of three to 27.5 years. Interest and other carrying costs incurred during the renovation period are capitalized
until the property is ready for its intended use. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Secured borrowings 

The Company, through securitization trusts,
issues callable debt secured by its mortgage loans in the ordinary course of business. The secured borrowings are structured
as debt financings, and the loans remain on the Company s balance sheet as the Company is the primary beneficiary of the
securitization trusts which are VIEs. These secured borrowing VIEs are structured as pass through entities that receive principal
and interest on the underlying mortgages and distribute those payments to the holders of the notes. The Company s exposure
to the obligations of the VIEs is generally limited to its investments in the entities; the creditors do not have recourse to the
primary beneficiary. Coupon interest on the debt is recognized using the accrual method of accounting. Deferred issuance costs,
including original issue discount and debt issuance costs, are amortized on an effective yield basis based on the underlying cash
flow of the mortgage loans. The Company assumes the debt will be called at the specified call date for purposes of amortizing
discount and issuance costs because the Company believes it will have the intent and ability to call the debt on the call date.
Changes in the actual or projected underlying cash flows are reflected in the timing and amount of deferred issuance cost amortization. 

Repurchase facilities  

The Company enters into repurchase financing
facilities under which it nominally sells assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enters into an agreement to repurchase the
sold assets at a price equal to the sold amount plus an interest factor. Despite being legally structured as sales and subsequent
repurchases, repurchase transactions are generally accounted for as debt secured by the underlying assets.  At
the maturity of a repurchase financing, unless the repurchase financing is renewed, the Company is required to repay the borrowing
including any accrued interest and concurrently receives back its pledged collateral from the lender.  The repurchase financings
are treated as collateralized financing transactions; pledged assets are recorded as assets in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets, and debt is recognized at the contractual amount. Interest is recorded at the contractual amount on an accrual
basis. Costs associated with the set-up of a repurchasing contract are recorded as deferred expense at inception and amortized
over the contractual life of the agreement. Any draw fees associated with individual transactions and any facility fees assessed
on the amounts outstanding are recorded as deferred expense when incurred and amortized over the contractual life of the related
borrowing. 

Table of Contents   

Management fee and expense reimbursement 

The Company entered into the Management Agreement
with the Manager, which has a 15-year term. Under the Management Agreement, the Manager implements the Company s business
strategy and manages the Company s business and investment activities and day-to-day operations, subject to oversight by
the Company s Board of Directors. Among other services, the Manager, directly or through Aspen affiliates, provides the Company
with a management team and necessary administrative and support personnel. The Company does not currently have any employees (other
than its Chief Financial Officer) and does not expect to have any other employees in the foreseeable future. Each of the Company s
executive officers is an employee or officer, or both, of the Manager or the Servicer. 

Under the Management Agreement by and between
the Company and the Manager, as amended and restated on October 27, 2015, the Company pays a quarterly base management
fee based on its stockholders  equity and a quarterly incentive management fee based on its cash distributions to its stockholders.
Manager fees are expensed in the quarter incurred and the portion payable in common stock is included in stockholders  equity
at quarter end. See Note 9   Related party transactions. 

Servicing fees 

On July 8, 2014, the Company entered into
a 15-year Servicing Agreement (the  Servicing Agreement ) with Gregory (the  Servicer ). Under the
Servicing Agreement by and between the Company and the Servicer, the Servicer receives servicing fees of 0.65% annually of
the Unpaid Principal Balance (UPB) for loans that are re-performing at acquisition and 1.25% annually of UPB for loans that
are non-performing at acquisition. Servicing fees are paid monthly. The total fees incurred by the Company for these services
depend upon the UPB and type of mortgage loans that the Servicer services pursuant to the terms of the servicing agreement.
The fees do not change if a re-performing loan becomes non-performing or vice versa. Servicing fees for the Company s
real property assets are the greater of (i) the servicing fee applicable to the underlying mortgage loan prior to
foreclosure, or (ii) 1.00% annually of the fair market value of the REO as reasonably determined by the Manager or 1.00%
annually of the purchase price of any REO otherwise purchased by the Company. The Servicer is reimbursed for all customary,
reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the performance of its obligations, including the
actual cost of any repairs and renovations undertaken on the Company s behalf. The total fees incurred by the Company
for these services will be dependent upon the UPB and type of mortgage loans that the Servicer services, property values,
previous UPB of the relevant loan, and the number of REO properties. The agreement will automatically renew for successive
one-year terms, subject to prior written notice of non-renewal. In certain cases, the Company may be obligated to pay a
termination fee. The Management Agreement will automatically terminate at the same time as the Servicing Agreement if the
Servicing Agreement is terminated for any reason. See Note 9   Related party transactions. 

Stock-based payments 

The Management Agreement provides for the payment
to the Manager of a management fee. The Company pays a portion of the management fee in cash, and a portion of the management fee
in shares of the Company s common stock, which are issued to the Manager in a private placement and are restricted securities
under the Securities Act. The base management fee and manager s incentive fee to be payable in cash and shares of the Company s
common stock are retroactive to July 1, 2015. Shares issued to the Manager are determined based on the higher of the most recently
reported book value or the average of the closing prices of our common stock on the NYSE on the five business days after the date
on which the most recent regular quarterly dividend to holders of our common stock is paid. Management fees paid in common stock
are expensed in the quarter incurred and recorded in equity at quarter end. 

Under the Company s 2014 Director Equity
Plan (the  Director Plan ), the Company may make stock-based awards to its directors. The Director Plan is designed
to promote the Company s interests by attracting and retaining qualified and experienced individuals for service as non-employee
directors. The Director Plan is administered by the Company s Board of Directors. The total number of shares of common stock
or other stock-based award, including grants of long term incentive plan units ( LTIP Units ) from the Operating Partnership,
available for issuance under the Director Plan is 90,000 shares. The Company has issued to each of its independent 

Table of Contents   

directors restricted stock awards of 2,000 shares
of its common stock upon joining the Board, which are subject to a one-year vesting period. In addition, each of the Company s
independent directors receives an annual retainer of $50,000, payable quarterly, half of which is paid in shares of the Company s
common stock on the same basis as the stock portion of the management fee payable to the Manager, and half in cash. Stock-based
expense for the directors  annual retainer is expensed as earned, in equal quarterly amounts during the year, and recorded
in equity at quarter end. 

On June 7, 2016, the Company s stockholders
approved the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ) to attract and retain non-employee directors, executive officers,
key employees and service providers, including officers and employees of the Company s affiliates. The 2016 Plan authorized
the issuance of up to 5% of the Company s outstanding shares from time to time on a fully diluted basis (assuming, if applicable,
the exercise of all outstanding options and the conversion of all warrants and convertible securities, including OP Units and LTIP
Units, into shares of common stock). Grants of restricted stock to officers of the Company use grant date fair value of the stock
as the basis for measuring the cost of the grant. The cost of grants of restricted stock to employees of the Company s affiliates
is determined using the stock price as of the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete. Forfeitures are accounted
for in the period in which they occur. The shares vest over three years, with one third of the shares vesting on each of the first,
second and third anniversaries of the grant date. The shares may not be sold until the third anniversary of the grant date. 

Directors  fees  

The expense related to directors  fees
is accrued, and the portion payable in common stock is reflected in stockholders  equity in the period in which
it is incurred. 

Variable interest entities  

In the normal course of business, the Company
enters into various types of transactions with special purpose entities, which have primarily consisted of trusts established for
the Company s secured borrowings (See  Secured Borrowings  above and Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements).
Additionally, from time to time, the Company may enter into joint ventures with unrelated entities. The Company evaluates each
transaction and its resulting beneficial interest to determine if the entity formed pursuant to the transaction should be classified
as a VIE. If an entity created in a transaction meets the definition of a VIE and the Company determines that it or a consolidated
subsidiary is the primary beneficiary, the Company will include the entity in its consolidated financial statements. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Highly liquid investments with an original maturity
of three months or less when purchased are considered cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents at insured
banking institutions. Certain account balances exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance coverage
and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. 

Cash held in trust  

Cash held in trust consists of cash balances
legally due to lenders, and is segregated from the Company s other cash deposits. Cash held in trust is not available to
the Company for any purposes other than the settlement of existing obligations to the lender. 

Earnings per share 

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing
consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average common stock outstanding during the period.
The Company treats unvested restricted stock issued under its stock-based compensation plan, which are entitled to non-forfeitable
dividends, as participating securities and applies the two-class method in calculating basic earnings per share. Diluted earnings
per share is computed by dividing consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders and dilutive securities by the weighted
average common stock outstanding for the period plus other potentially dilutive securities, such as stock grants, shares that would
be issued in the event that OP Units are redeemed for shares of common stock of the 

Table of Contents   

Company and shares issued in respect of the stock-based
portion of the base fee payable to the Manager and directors  fees. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. A fair value hierarchy has been established that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure
fair value: 

Level 1    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2    Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

Level 3    Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the
fair value of the assets or liabilities.   

The degree of judgment utilized in measuring
fair value generally correlates to the level of pricing observability. Assets and liabilities with readily available actively quoted
prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of pricing observability
and a lesser degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Conversely, assets and liabilities rarely traded or not quoted
will generally have little or no pricing observability and a higher degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Pricing
observability is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of asset or liability, whether it is new to the market and
not yet established, and the characteristics specific to the transaction. 

The fair value of mortgage loans is estimated
using the Manager s proprietary pricing model which estimates expected cash flows with the discount rate used in the present
value calculation representing the estimated effective yield of the loan. 

The Company calculates the fair value for the
senior debt consolidated on its balance sheet from securitization trusts by using the Company s proprietary pricing model
to estimate the cash flows expected to be generated from the underlying collateral with the discount rate used in the present value
calculation representing an estimate of the average rate for debt instruments with similar durations and risk factors. 

Income taxes  

The Company elected REIT status upon the filing
of its 2014 income tax return, and has conducted its operations in order to satisfy and maintain eligibility for REIT status. Accordingly,
the Company does not believe it will be subject to U.S. federal income tax from the year ended December 31, 2014 forward on the
portion of the Company s REIT taxable income that is distributed to the Company s stockholders as long as certain asset,
income and stock ownership tests are met. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it generally will not
be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year
during which qualification is lost. In addition, notwithstanding the Company s qualification as a REIT, it may also have
to pay certain state and local income taxes, because not all states and localities treat REITs in the same manner that they are
treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Thetis TRS, GAJX Real Estate LLC, and any other
TRS that the Company forms will be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. On February 22, 2016, the Company received a
private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the consequences of owning the interest in the Manager through
the Operating Partnership. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which management expects those temporary differences
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period in which
the change occurs. Subject to the Company s judgment, it reduces a deferred tax asset by a valuation allowance if it is  more likely-than-not 
that some or all of the deferred 

Table of Contents   

tax asset will not be realized. Tax laws are complex
and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is
required in evaluating tax positions, and the Company recognizes tax benefits only if it is more likely than not that a tax position
will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority. 

The Company evaluates tax positions taken in
its consolidated financial statements under the interpretation for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. As a result of this
evaluation, the Company may recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is  more-likely-than-not 
that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities. 

The Company s tax returns remain subject
to examination and consequently, the taxability of the distributions and other tax positions taken by the Company may be subject
to change. Distributions to stockholders generally will be taxable as ordinary income, although a portion of such distributions
may be designated as long-term capital gain or qualified dividend income, or may constitute a return of capital. The Company furnishes
annually to each stockholder a statement setting forth distributions paid during the preceding year and their U.S. federal income
tax treatment. 

Offering costs 

Costs associated
with the Company s completed offerings of shares of common stock have been netted against, and are reflected as a reduction
in, additional paid-in capital.  

Segment information 

The Company s primary business is acquiring,
investing in and managing a portfolio of mortgage loans. The Company operates in a single segment focused on non-performing mortgages
and re-performing mortgages. 

Emerging growth company 

Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act (the  JOBS Act ) provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. The Company has elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Its consolidated financial
statements may, therefore, not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

Reclassifications 

Certain amounts in the Company s 2015
Consolidated Financial Statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on previously reported net income or equity. 

Recently adopted accounting standards  

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02
Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. These amendments: (1) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar
legal entities are VIEs, as amended or voting interest entities; (2) eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate
a limited partnership; (3) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those
that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and (4) provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for
reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements
that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, for registered money market funds. ASU
2015-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company implemented this
amendment for the three months ended March 31, 2016. As a result of this implementation, there was no effect on
the application of the Company s consolidation policy. 

Table of Contents   

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
Interest   Imputation of Interest. The amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance
sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of a debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This guidance is effective
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. This guidance may be
adopted retrospectively or under a modified retrospective method where the cumulative effect is recognized at the date of initial
application. In June 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15, which acknowledges that the scope of ASU 2015-03 does not include line-of-credit
arrangements but indicates that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs for a
line-of-credit borrowing arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the
term of the line-of-credit arrangement. The Company implemented this amendment during the three months ended March 31,
2016. The result of this implementation was a reduction of approximately $4.9 million on the balance sheet in Prepaid expenses
and other assets, and an offsetting reduction of approximately $4.9 million in Secured borrowings, based on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2016. There was no effect on the presentation of the Company s Borrowings
under repurchase agreement in its consolidated balance sheets as these borrowings are short-term in nature and as such are unaffected
by the ASU. Additionally, there was no effect on consolidated net income, or equity. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
Compensation   Stock Compensation. The guidance primarily simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions,
including a new requirement to record all of the income tax effects at settlement or expiration through the income statement,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is
effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company
elected to early-adopt ASU 2016-09 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Accordingly, the Company has made an
entity-wide accounting policy election to account for forfeitures under its equity incentive plan as they occur. There was no
effect on consolidated net income or equity. 

Recently issued accounting standards  

In May 2014, Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the  FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive new revenue
recognition model requiring a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount
reflecting the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services .   While
ASU 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply to certain other transactions such as the sale of real
estate or equipment.  ASU 2014-09 may be applied using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach.
In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 deferring the effective date for ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is
evaluating the impact of this amendment on its consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-01 Financial Instruments   Overall. ASU 2016-01 addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. Specifically the guidance (1) requires equity investments to be
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings, (2) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity
investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment, (3)
eliminates the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is
required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost, (4) requires the use of the exit price notion
when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, (5) requires an entity to present separately
in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the
instrument specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the
fair value option, (6) requires separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and form on
the balance sheet or the notes to the financial statements, and (7) clarifies that the need for a valuation allowance on a
deferred tax asset related to an available-for-sale security should be evaluated with other deferred tax assets. This
guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07 Investments
  Equity Method and Joint Ventures which is intended to simplify the transition to the equity method of accounting. The guidance
eliminates the retrospective application of the equity method of accounting when obtaining significant influence over a previously
held investment. The guidance requires that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified 

Table of Contents   

for the equity method of accounting recognize
through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes
qualified for use of the equity method. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 Financial
Instruments   Credit Losses. The main objective of this guidance is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful
information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting
entity. To achieve this, the amendments in this guidance replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP
with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable
information to inform credit loss estimates. Specifically, the amendments in this guidance require a financial asset (or a group
of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement
of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions,
and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. An entity must use judgment in
determining the relevant information and estimation methods that are appropriate in its circumstances. This guidance is effective
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted, beginning with fiscal
years after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,
Statement of Cash Flows   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 provides guidance on the
presentation and classification of specific cash flow items to improve consistency within the statement of cash flows. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

Note 3   Mortgage loans 

Included on
the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are approximately $755.6 million
and $554.9 million, respectively, of residential and small balance commercial whole loans at carrying value. The carrying value
reflects the original investment amount, plus accretion of interest income, less principal and interest cash flows received. The
carrying value is decreased by an allowance for losses, if any. To date, the Company has not recorded an allowance for losses against
its purchased mortgage loans.  

The Company s mortgage loans are secured
by real estate. The Company categorizes mortgage loans as  re-performing  and  non-performing  at acquisition
and monitors the credit quality of the mortgage loans in its portfolio on an ongoing basis, principally by considering loan payment
activity or delinquency status. In addition, the Company assesses the expected cash flows from the mortgage loans, the fair value
of the underlying collateral and other factors, and evaluates whether and when it becomes probable that all amounts contractually
due will not be collected. 

The following table presents information regarding
the accretable yield and non-accretable amount for loans acquired during the following periods. The Company s loan acquisitions
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted entirely of re-performing loans; no non-performing loans were
acquired in any of the 2016 periods ($ in thousands): 

Table of Contents   

The following table presents the change in the
accretable yield for the total loan portfolio for the following periods ($ in thousands): 

For the three and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company recognized no provision for loan loss. For the three and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016, the Company accreted $18.7 million and $50.9 million, respectively, into interest income with respect to its
loan portfolio. For the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, the Company accreted $14.4 million and $32.1 million,
respectively, into interest income with respect to its loan portfolio. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company reclassified a net $4.4 million from non-accretable amount to accretable yield, consisting of a $6.2 million
transfer from non-accretable amount to accretable yield for re-performing loans, partially offset by a $1.8 million transfer from
accretable yield to non-accretable amount for non-performing loans. Comparatively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company reclassified $45.8 million and $0.4 million from non-accretable amount to accretable yield for its re-performing and
non-performing loans, respectively. The reclassification is based on an updated assessment of projected loan cash flows as compared
to the projection at the acquisition date. Substantially fewer loans are defaulting than originally projected at acquisition, resulting
in greater total cash flows being collected over a longer period of time. Performing loans have a longer duration than non-performing
loans and generate higher cash flows over the expected life of the loan. 

Table of Contents   

The following table sets forth the carrying
value of the Company s mortgage loans, and related unpaid principal balance by delinquency status as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 ($ in thousands): 

Note 4   Real estate assets 

The Company
primarily acquires REO when a mortgage loan is foreclosed upon and the Company takes title to the property on the foreclosure date.
Additionally, from time to time, the Company will acquire real estate assets in purchase transactions.  

Rental property 

As of September
30, 2016, the Company owned four REO properties with an aggregate carrying value of $0.9 million held for investment as
rentals, at which time all of the properties were rented. Three of these properties were acquired through foreclosures, and none
were transferred from Property held-for sale. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had one REO property having an aggregate carrying
value of $0.1 million held for use as a rental, which was rented at that time.  

Property held-for-sale 

The Company classifies REO as property held-for
sale if the property is currently unoccupied and being actively marketed for sale. As of the periods ended September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company s net investments in REO held-for-sale were $19.5 million and $10.3 million, respectively.
At September 30, 2016, 120 of the Company s 130 properties held-for-sale with a carrying value of $17.1 million had
been acquired through foreclosure and reclassified out of its Mortgage Loan Portfolio. As of December 31, 2015, 55 of the
Company s property held-for sale with a carrying value of $6.8 million had been acquired through foreclosure and reclassified
out of its Mortgage Loan Portfolio. 

The following table presents the activity in
the Company s carrying value of property held-for-sale for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015 ($ in thousands): 

Table of Contents   

Dispositions  

During the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company sold 21 and nine REO properties, realizing a net loss of approximately ($0.2)
million and a net gain of approximately $47,000, respectively, which are included in Other Income on the Company s consolidated
statements of income. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company sold 61 and 12 REO properties realizing
gains, net of selling expenses, commissions and other costs, of approximately $0.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively.
In addition, following an updated assessment of liquidation amounts expected to be realized that was performed on all REO held
at the end of the quarter, a downward adjustment of approximately $0.5 million was recorded to reflect certain REO properties
at the lower of cost or estimated fair value. The Company did not record any lower of cost or estimated fair market value adjustment
in 2015. 

Note 5   Fair value  

The following tables set forth the fair value
of financial assets and liabilities by level within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ($
in thousands): 

The Company has not transferred any assets from
one level to another level during either the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the three or nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

The carrying values of its cash and cash equivalents,
cash held in trust, receivable from servicer, investment in affiliates, prepaid expenses and other assets, management fee payable
and accrued expenses and other liabilities are equal to or approximate fair value. Property held-for-sale is measured at cost at
acquisition and subsequently measured at the lower of cost or fair value less cost to sell on a nonrecurring basis. The fair value
of property held-for-sale is generally based on estimated market prices from an independently prepared appraisal, an independent
BPO, or an internal valuation based upon recent comparable selling prices. 

The Company s borrowings under repurchase
transactions are short-term in nature, and the Company s management believes it can renew the current borrowing arrangements
on similar terms in the future. Accordingly, the fair value of these borrowings approximates carrying value. 

The fair value of secured debt is estimated
using the Manager s proprietary pricing model which estimates expected cash flows of the underlying mortgage loans which
collateralize the debt, and which drive the cash flows used to make interest payments. The discount rate used in the present value
calculation represents the estimated effective yield of the mortgages. 

The fair value of mortgage loans is estimated
using the Manager s proprietary pricing model which estimates expected cash flows with the discount rate used in the present
value calculation representing the estimated 

Table of Contents   

effective yield of the loan. The value of transfers
of mortgage loans to real estate owned is based upon the present value of future expected cash flows of the loans being transferred. 

Significant changes to any of the unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s mortgage loans including discount rates and loan resolution timelines
among others, in isolation, could result in a significant change to the fair value measurement. A decline in the discount rate
in isolation would increase the fair value. An increase in the loan resolution timeline in isolation would decrease the fair value.
The following table sets forth quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used to measure the fair value
of the Company s mortgage loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Note 6   Unconsolidated affiliates 

The Company holds a 40.5% interest in a Delaware
trust, GA-E 2014-12, which holds an economic interest in a single small-balance commercial loan secured by a commercial property
in Portland, Oregon. The Company accounts for its investment in GA-E 2014-12 using the equity method. 

Upon the closing of the Company s original
private placement in July 2014, the Company received a 19.8% equity interest in the Manager, a privately held company for which
there is no public market for its securities. The Company accounts for its investment in the Manager using the equity method. 

On March 14, 2016, the Company formed AS Ajax
E LLC, to hold an equity interest in a Delaware trust formed to own residential mortgage loans and residential real estate assets.
The Company holds a 24.2% interest in AS Ajax E LLC and accounts for its investment using the equity method. AS Ajax E LLC owns
a 5% interest in Ajax E Master Trust which holds a portfolio of re-performing mortgage loans. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company sold $78.2 million of re-performing mortgage loans for total proceeds of $78.1 million to Ajax E Master Trust.
Additionally, the Company made a loan to AS Ajax E LLC in the amount of $4.0 million at Libor plus 5.22% to fund its interest in
the purchase. 

The table below shows the net income, assets
and liabilities for the Company s unconsolidated affiliates at 100%, and at the Company s share ($ in thousands): 

Net income, assets and liabilities at 100%   

  Net income at 100%    

Assets and liabilities at 100%  

Table of Contents   

Net income, assets and liabilities at Company share   

Net income at Company share  

Assets and liabilities at Company share  

Note 7   Commitments and contingencies 

The Company regularly enters into agreements
to acquire additional mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets, subject to continuing diligence on such assets and other customary
closing conditions. There can be no assurance that the Company will acquire any or all of the mortgage loans identified in any
acquisition agreement as of the date of these consolidated financial statements, and it is possible that the terms of such acquisitions
may change. 

At September
30, 2016, the Company had commitments to purchase 229 RPLs secured by single and one-to-four family residences with aggregate
UPB of $46.4 million.  

Litigation, claims and assessments 

From time
to time, the Company may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September
30, 2016, the Company was not a party to, and its properties were not subject to, any pending or threatened legal proceedings that
individually or in the aggregate, are expected to have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.  

Note 8   Debt 

Repurchase agreements 

On November 25, 2014, the Company entered into
a repurchase facility pursuant to which a newly formed Delaware statutory trust, AJX Mortgage Trust I (the  Seller ),
which is wholly owned by the Operating Partnership, will acquire, from time to time, pools of mortgage loans that are primarily
secured by first liens on one-to-four family residential properties from its affiliates and/or third party sellers. These mortgage
loans will generally be sold from time to time by the Operating Partnership as the  guarantor  to the Seller pursuant
to the terms of a mortgage loan purchase agreement by and between the guarantor, as seller, and the Seller, as purchaser, in accordance
with the terms thereof. Pursuant to a master repurchase agreement (the  2014 MRA ), these mortgage loans, together
with the Seller s 100% ownership interests in its wholly owned subsidiary, a newly formed Delaware limited liability company
( REO I ), and any future REO subsidiaries wholly owned by the Seller and certain other property of the Seller, will
be sold by the Seller to Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC, as buyer, from time to time, pursuant to one or more transactions,
not exceeding $200.0 million at any point in time, with a simultaneous agreement by the Seller to repurchase such mortgage loans
and other property, as provided in the 2014 MRA. The obligations of the Seller are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. Repurchases
under this facility carry interest calculated based on a spread to one-month LIBOR and are fixed for the term of the borrowing.
The purchase price for each mortgage loan or REO is generally equal to 65% of the acquisition price for such asset or the then
current BPO for the asset. The difference between the market value of the asset and the amount of the repurchase agreement is the
amount of equity the Company has in the position and is intended to provide the lender some protection against fluctuations of
value in the collateral and/or the failure by the Company to repay the borrowing at maturity. The Company has effective control
over the assets associated with this agreement and therefore it is accounted for as 

Table of Contents   

a financing arrangement. The facility was amended on May 13, 2015
to increase the transaction limit, and on November 24, 2015 to extend the termination date. The facility termination date is November
22, 2016. 

On July 15, 2016, the Company entered into a
repurchase facility pursuant to which a newly formed Delaware statutory trust, AJX Mortgage Trust II (the  Seller ),
which is wholly owned by the Operating Partnership, will acquire, from time to time, pools of mortgage loans that are primarily
secured by first liens on one-to-four family residential properties from its affiliates and/or third party sellers. These mortgage
loans will generally be sold from time to time by the Operating Partnership as the  guarantor  to the Seller pursuant
to the terms of a mortgage loan purchase agreement by and between the guarantor, as seller, and the Seller, as purchaser, in accordance
with the terms thereof. Pursuant to a master repurchase agreement (the  2016 MRA ), these mortgage loans, together
with the Seller s 100% ownership interests in its wholly owned subsidiary, a newly formed Delaware limited liability company
( AJX Realty II LLC ), and any future REO subsidiaries wholly owned by the Seller and certain other property of the
Seller, will be sold by the Seller to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as buyer, from time to time, pursuant to one or more transactions,
not exceeding $150.0 million at any point in time, with a simultaneous agreement by the Seller to repurchase such mortgage loans
and other property, as provided in the 2016 MRA. The obligations of the Seller are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. Repurchases
under this facility carry interest calculated based on a spread to one-month LIBOR and are fixed for the term of the borrowing.
The purchase price for each mortgage loan or REO is based upon a sliding scale from 85% to 75% as determined by the quality of
the collateral, applied to the acquisition price for such asset or the then current BPO for the asset. The difference between the
market value of the asset and the amount of the repurchase agreement is the amount of equity the Company has in the position and
is intended to provide the lender some protection against fluctuations of value in the collateral and/or the failure by the Company
to repay the borrowing at maturity. The Company has effective control over the assets associated with this agreement and therefore
it is accounted for as a financing arrangement. The facility termination date is July 19, 2017. 

The Servicer services these mortgage loans
and the REO properties pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement by and among the Servicer, each Seller, REO I, AJX
Realty II LLC and any other REO Subsidiary, which servicing agreement has the same fees and expenses terms as the Company s
servicing agreement described under Note 9   Related party transactions. The Operating Partnership as guarantor will provide
to the buyers a limited guaranty of certain losses incurred by the buyers in connection with certain events and/or the seller s
obligations under the MLPA, following the breach of certain covenants by the seller or an REO subsidiary related to its status
as a special purpose entity, the occurrence of certain bad acts by the Seller, the occurrence of certain insolvency events of
the seller or an REO subsidiary or other events specified in the Guaranty. As security for its obligations under the Guaranty,
the guarantor will pledge the Trust Certificate representing the Guarantor s 100% beneficial interest in the Seller. 

Additionally, we have sold subordinate securities
from our mortgage securitizations in repurchase transactions. The following table sets forth the details of the Company s
repurchase transactions and facilities. ($ in thousands): 

Table of Contents   

The guaranty establishes a master netting arrangement;
the arrangement does not meet the criteria for offsetting. The amount outstanding on the Company s repurchase facility and
the carrying value of the Company s loans pledged as collateral are presented as gross amounts in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Secured borrowings  

From the commencement of operations to September
30, 2016, the Company has completed seven securitizations pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The securitizations are
structured as debt financings and not sales through a real estate investment conduit ( REMIC ), and the loans included
in the securitizations remain on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as the Company is the primary beneficiary of the
securitization trusts, which are VIEs. The securitization VIEs are structured as pass through entities that receive principal and
interest on the underlying mortgages and distribute those payments to the holders of the notes. The Company s exposure to
the obligations of the VIEs is generally limited to its investments in the entities. The notes that are issued by the securitization
trusts are secured solely by the mortgages held by the applicable trusts and not by any of the Company s other assets. The
mortgage loans of the applicable trusts are the only source of repayment and interest on the notes issued by such trusts. The Company
does not guarantee any of the obligations of the trusts under the terms of the agreement governing the notes or otherwise. 

The Company s securitizations are structured
with Class A notes, Class B notes, and trust certificates which have rights to the residual interests in the mortgages once the
notes are repaid. For each of the Company s seven securitizations through September 30, 2016, the Company has retained the
Class B note and the trust certificate. The Class A notes are senior, sequential pay, fixed rate notes. The Class B notes are subordinate,
sequential pay, fixed rate notes with Class B-2 notes subordinate to the Class B-1 notes. If the Class A notes have not been redeemed
by the payment date 36 months after issue, or otherwise paid in full by that date, an amount equal to the aggregate interest payment
amount that accrued and would otherwise be paid to the Class B-1 and the Class B-2 notes will be paid as principal to the Class
A notes on that date and each subsequent payment date until the Class A notes are paid in full. After the Class A notes are paid
in full, the Class B-1 and Class B-2 notes will resume receiving their respective interest payment amounts and any interest that
accrued but was not paid to the Class B notes while the Class A notes were outstanding. As the holder of the trust certificates,
the Company is entitled to receive any remaining amounts in the trusts after the Class A notes and Class B notes have been
paid in full. 

The following table sets forth the original
terms of all securitization notes at their respective cutoff dates: 

Table of Contents   

(1)  The Class B notes are subordinate, sequential pay, fixed rate notes with Class B-2 notes subordinate to the Class B-1 notes.
The Company has retained the Class B notes.   

(2)  The trust certificates issued by the trusts and the beneficial ownership of the trusts are retained by Great Ajax Funding LLC
as the depositor. As the holder of the trust certificates, the Company is entitled to receive any remaining amounts in the trusts
after the Class A notes and Class B notes have been paid in full.   

(3)  These securities are encumbered under a repurchase agreement.   

Servicing for the mortgage loans in the Company s
securitizations is provided by the Servicer at a servicing fee rate of 0.65% annually of UPB for loans that are re-performing at
acquisition and 1.25% annually of UPB for loans that are non-performing at acquisition, and is paid monthly. The following table
sets forth the status of the notes held by others at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and the securitization cutoff date
($ in thousands): 

Table of Contents   

The Company s
obligations under its secured borrowings are not fixed, and the payments on these borrowings are predicated upon cash flows received
on the underlying mortgage loans.  

Note 9   Related party transactions 

The Company s consolidated statements
of income included the following significant related party transactions ($ in thousands): 

Three
    months ended September 30, 2016       
      Three
    months ended September 30, 2015   

Amount            
      Counterparty       
      Consolidated 
     Statement of  Income location       
      Amount            
      Counterparty       
      Consolidated 
    Statement of  Income location   
 
      Loan servicing fees       
      $    1,556            
      Servicer       
      Related party expense   loan servicing fees       
      $    1,196            
      Servicer       
      Related party expense   loan servicing fees   
 
      Management fee       
           1,049            
      Manager       
      Related party expense   management fee       
           861            
      Manager       
      Related party expense   management fee   
 
      Expense reimbursements       
           25            
      Manager       
      Other expense       
           -            
      Manager       
      Other expense   
 
      Due diligence and related loan acquisition costs       
           22            
      Servicer       
      Loan transaction expense       
           2            
      Servicer       
      Loan transaction expense   
 
      Expense reimbursements       
           -            
      Servicer       
      Professional fees       
           -            
      Servicer       
      Professional fees   

Table of Contents   

Nine
    months ended September 30, 2016       
      Nine
    months ended September 30, 2015   

Amount            
      Counterparty       
      Consolidated 
    Statement of  Income location       
      Amount            
      Counterparty       
      Consolidated 
    Statement of  Income location   
 
      Loan servicing fees       
      $    4,412            
      Servicer       
      Related party expense   loan servicing fees       
      $    2,703            
      Servicer       
      Related party expense   loan servicing fees   
 
      Management fee       
           2,892            
      Manager       
      Related party expense   management fee       
           2,464            
      Manager       
      Related party expense   management fee   
 
      Due diligence and related loan acquisition costs       
           72            
      Servicer       
      Loan transaction expense       
           21            
      Servicer       
      Loan transaction expense   
 
      Expense reimbursements       
           50            
      Manager       
      Other expense       
           -            
      Manager       
      Other expense   
 
      Expense reimbursements       
           -            
      Servicer       
      Professional fees       
           3            
      Servicer       
      Professional fees   

The Company s consolidated balance sheets
included the following significant related party balances ($ in thousands): 

September 30, 2016       
      December 31, 2015   

Amount            
      Counterparty       
      Consolidated Balance  
sheet location       
      Amount            
      Counterparty       
      Consolidated Balance  
Sheet Location   

Receivables from Servicer       
      $    9,147            
      Servicer       
      Receivable from servicer       
      $    5,444            
      Servicer       
      Receivable from servicer   
 
      Receivable from AS Ajax E LLC       
           3,960            
      AS Ajax E LLC       
      Prepaid expenses and other assets       
           -            
      AS Ajax E LLC       
      Prepaid expenses and other assets   
 
      Management fee payable       
           750            
      Manager       
      Management fee payable       
           667            
      Manager       
      Management fee payable   
 
      Expense reimbursement receivable       
           472            
      Ajax E Master Trust I       
      Prepaid expenses and other assets       
           -            
      Ajax E Master Trust I       
      Prepaid expenses and other assets   
 
      Servicing fees payable       
           97            
      Servicer       
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities       
           152            
      Servicer       
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
 
      Expense reimbursement payable       
           4            
      Manager       
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities       
           -            
      Manager       
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities   
 
      Expense reimbursement receivable       
           -            
      Manager       
      Prepaid expenses and other assets       
           37            
      Manager       
      Prepaid expenses and other assets   

Management Agreement  

In July 2014, the Company entered into the Management
Agreement with the Manager, which has a 15-year term. Under the Management Agreement, the Manager implements the Company s
business strategy and manages the Company s business and investment activities and day-to-day operations, subject to oversight
by the Company s Board of Directors. Among other services, the Manager, directly or through Aspen affiliates, provides the
Company with a management team and necessary administrative and support personnel. The Company does not currently have any employees
(other than its Chief Financial Officer) and does not expect to have any other employees in the foreseeable future. Each of the
Company s executive officers is an employee or officer, or both, of the Manager or the Servicer. 

Under the Management Agreement, the Company
pays both a base management fee and an incentive fee to the Manager. 

The base management fee equals 1.5% of our stockholders  equity
per annum and calculated and payable quarterly in arrears. For purposes of calculating the management fee, the Company s
stockholders  equity means: the sum of (i) the net proceeds from any issuances of common stock or other equity securities
issued by the Company or the Operating Partnership (without double counting) since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis
for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such issuance), and (ii) the Company s and the operating partnership s
(without double counting) retained earnings calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the end of the most recently completed fiscal
quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense incurred in current or prior periods), less (A) any
amount that the Company or the Operating Partnership pays to repurchase shares of common stock or OP Units since inception, (B)
any unrealized gains and losses and other 

Table of Contents   

non-cash items that have affected consolidated stockholders 
equity as reported in the Company s financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and (C) one-time events pursuant
to changes in U.S. GAAP, and certain non-cash items not otherwise described above, in each case after discussions between the Manager
and the Company s independent directors and approval by a majority of the Company s independent directors. As a result,
the Company s stockholders  equity, for purposes of calculating the management fee, could be greater or less than the
amount of stockholders  equity shown on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

The initial $1.0 million of the quarterly base
management fee will be payable 75% in cash and 25% in shares of the Company s common stock. Any amount of the base management
fee in excess of $1.0 million will be payable in shares of the Company s common stock until payment is 50% in cash and 50%
in shares (the  50/50 split ). Any remaining amount of the quarterly base management fee after the 50/50 split threshold
is reached will be payable in equal amounts of cash and shares. The quantity of common stock will be determined using the higher
of the most recently reported book value or the average of the closing prices of the Company s common stock on the NYSE
on the five business days after the date on which the most recent regular quarterly dividend to holders of the Company s
common stock is paid. The Manager has agreed to hold any shares of common stock received by it as payment of the base management
fee for at least three years from the date such shares of common stock are received. 

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
the Company s management fee payable to the Manager exceeded the $1.0 million threshold resulting in an additional 3,327
shares of the Company s common stock being issued to the Manager in lieu of cash. 

The Manager is also entitled to an incentive
fee, payable quarterly and calculated in arrears, of 20% of the amount by which total dividends on common stock and distributions
on OP units exceeds 8% of book value. However, no incentive fee will be payable to the Manager with respect to any calendar quarter
unless the Company s cumulative core earnings, defined as GAAP net income or loss less non-cash equity compensation, unrealized
gains or losses from mark-to-market adjustments, one-time adjustments to earnings resulting from changes to GAAP, and certain other
non-cash items, is greater than zero for the most recently completed eight calendar quarters. In the event that the payment of
the quarterly base management fee has not reached the 50/50 split, all of the incentive fee will be payable in shares of the Company s
common stock until the 50/50 split occurs. In the event that the total payment of the quarterly base management fee and the incentive
fee has reached the 50/50 split, 20% of the remaining incentive fee is payable in shares of the Company s common stock and
80% of the remaining incentive fee is payable in cash. To date, no incentive fees have been paid to the Manager. 

The Company also reimburses the Manager for
all third-party, out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Manager for managing its business, including third-party diligence and valuation
consultants, legal expenses, auditors and other financial services. Additionally, the Company may reimburse the Manager for salaries
and expenses of employees of the Manager. The reimbursement obligation is not subject to any dollar limitation. Expenses will be
reimbursed in cash on a monthly basis. 

The Company will be required to pay the Manager
a termination fee in the event that the Management Agreement is terminated as a result of (i) a termination by the Company without
cause, (ii) its decision not to renew the Management Agreement upon the determination of at least two thirds of the Company s
independent directors for reasons including the failure to agree on revised compensation, (iii) a termination by the Manager as
a result of the Company becoming regulated as an  investment company  under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the  Investment Company Act ) (other than as a result of the acts or omissions of the Manager in violation
of investment guidelines approved by the Company s Board of Directors), or (iv) a termination by the Manager if the Company
defaults in the performance of any material term of the Management Agreement (subject to a notice and cure period). The termination
fee will be equal to twice the combined base fee and incentive fees payable to the Manager during the 12-month period ended as
of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of termination. 

Servicing Agreement 

On July 8, 2014, the Company entered into the
Servicing Agreement with the Servicer. The Company s overall servicing costs under the Servicing Agreement will vary based
on the types of assets serviced. 

Servicing fees are 0.65% annually of UPB for
loans that are re-performing at acquisition and 1.25% annually of UPB for loans that are non-performing at acquisition, and are
paid monthly. The total fees incurred by the Company for these services depend upon the UPB and type of mortgage loans that the
Servicer services pursuant to the terms of the servicing agreement. The fees do not change if a performing loan becomes non-performing
or 

Table of Contents   

vice versa. Servicing fees for the Company s
real property assets are the greater of (i) the servicing fee applicable to the underlying mortgage loan prior to foreclosure,
or (ii) 1.00% annually of the fair market value of the REO as reasonably determined by the Manager or 1.00% annually of the purchase
price of any REO otherwise purchased by the Company. 

The Company will also reimburse the Servicer
for all customary, reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the performance of its obligations, including
the actual cost of any repairs and renovations to REO properties. The total fees incurred by the Company for these services will
be dependent upon the property value, previous UPB of the relevant loan, and the number of REO properties. 

If the Management Agreement has been terminated
other than for cause and/or the Servicer terminates the servicing agreement, the Company will be required to pay a termination
fee equal to the aggregate servicing fees payable under the servicing agreement for the immediate preceding 12-month period. 

Trademark Licenses 

Aspen Yo has granted the Company a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license to use the name  Great Ajax  and the related logo. The Company
also has a similar license to use the name  Thetis.  The agreement has no specified term. If the Management Agreement
expires or is terminated, the trademark license agreement will terminate within 30 days. In the event that this agreement is terminated,
all rights and licenses granted thereunder, including, but not limited to, the right to use  Great Ajax  in its name
will terminate. Aspen Yo also granted to the Manager a substantially identical non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
royalty-free license use of the name  Thetis.  

Note 10   Stock-based payments and director fees 

Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement,
the Company pays a portion of the base fee to the Manager in shares of its common stock with the number of shares determined based
on the higher of the most recently reported book value or the average of the closing prices of its common stock on the NYSE on
the five business days after the date on which the most recent regular quarterly dividend to holders of its common stock is paid.
The Company paid the Manager a base management fee for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $1.0 million and $2.9
million, respectively, of which the Company paid $0.3 million and $0.8 million, respectively, in 20,005 and 50,605 shares, respectively,
of its common stock. The shares issued to the Manager are restricted securities subject to transfer restrictions. 

In addition, each of the Company s independent
directors receives an annual retainer of $50,000, payable quarterly, half of which is paid in shares of the Company s common
stock on the same basis as the stock portion of the management fee payable to the Manager and half in cash. The following table
sets forth the Company s stock-based management fees and independent director fees ($ in thousands except share amounts). 

Management fees and director fees  

Table of Contents   

(1) All management fees and independent
director fees are fully expensed in the period in which they are incurred. 

Restricted stock grants  

Each independent director is issued a restricted
stock award of 2,000 shares of the Company s common stock subject to a one-year vesting period. On August 17, 2016, the Company
granted 153,000 shares of restricted stock to employees of its Manager and Servicer. The shares vest over three years, with one
third of the shares vesting on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. The shares may not be sold
until the vesting date. Grants of restricted stock to officers of the Company use grant date fair value of the stock as the basis
for measuring the cost of the grant. The cost of grants of restricted stock to employees of the Company s affiliates is determined
using the stock price as of the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete. 

The following table sets forth the activity
in its restricted stock plan ($ in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

(1)Vesting period is one year from grant date. 

(2)Vesting ratable over three years from grant date. 

Note 11   Income taxes 

As a REIT, the Company must meet certain organizational
and operational requirements including the requirement to distribute at least 90% of its annual REIT taxable income to its stockholders.
As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax to the extent the Company distributes its REIT
taxable income to its stockholders and provided the Company satisfies the REIT requirements including certain asset, income, distribution
and stock ownership tests. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT, and does not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions,
it will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes and may be precluded from qualifying as a REIT for the subsequent
four taxable years following the year in which it lost its REIT qualification. 

Table of Contents   

The Company s consolidated financial statements
include the operations of two TRS entities, Thetis TRS and GAJX Real Estate LLC, which are subject to U.S. federal, state and local
income taxes on the Company s taxable income. 

Provisions for income taxes of $18,000 and $41,000
were recorded for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. Provisions for income taxes of $8,000 and $24,000,
were recorded for both the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company recognized no deferred
income tax assets or liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. The Company also
recorded no interest or penalties for either of the three- or nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 or the three- or nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2015. 

Note 12   Earnings per share 

The following table sets forth the components
of basic and diluted earnings per share ($ in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

Table of Contents   

Note 13   Subsequent events 

Acquisitions 

During October 2016, the Company acquired 46 RPLs
with aggregate UPB of $5.9 million in three transactions from three different sellers. The loans were acquired at 59% of UPB and
the estimated market value of the underlying collateral is $7.0 million. The purchase price equaled 50% of the estimated market
value of the underlying collateral. The Company also acquired 14 NPLs with aggregate UPB of $1.8 million in one transaction from one seller.
The loans were acquired at 56% of UPB and the estimated market value of the underlying collateral is $2.1 million. The purchase
price equaled 47% of the estimated market value of the underlying collateral. 

Additionally, during October 2016, the Company acquired
370 RPLs with aggregate UPB of $69.9 million in three transactions from three related party trusts.  These loans, which have
been serviced by Gregory Funding, have made at least 24 payments of scheduled principal and interest in the last 24 months and
have a weighted average coupon of 5.25%.  The loans were acquired at 93% of UPB and the estimated market value of the underlying
collateral is $91.0 million. The purchase price equaled 71% of the estimated market value of the underlying collateral. All of
these acquisitions had closed as of October 31, 2016. 

Additionally, the Company has agreed to acquire,
subject to due diligence, 430 RPLs with aggregate UPB of $92.8 million in seven transactions from seven different sellers. The
purchase price equals 82% of UPB and 56% of the estimated market value of the underlying collateral of $135.6 million. The Company has
not entered into a definitive agreement with respect to these loans, and there is no assurance that the Company will enter into a definitive
agreement relating to these loans or, if such an agreement is executed, that the Company will actually close the acquisitions or that the
terms will not change. 

At-the-Market offering program 

On October 3, the Company entered into separate At-the-Market
Issuance Sales Agreements to sell, through its agents, shares of common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to $50.0
million. To date, the Company has not issued any shares pursuant to the agreements. Additional information about the At-the-Market Issuance
Sales Agreements is available in the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3,
2016. 

Securitization  

On October 24, 2016, the Company called notes
issued as part of secured borrowings issued by Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-A and Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-B. The mortgage
loan assets remaining in the trust were sold to Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2016-C and used as collateral for a new secured borrowing. The
proceeds from the sale of the loans to Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2016-C were first applied to reduce outstanding obligations of
Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-A and Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-B. Proceeds in excess of the amounts required to satisfy the
outstanding obligations of Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-A and Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-B were retained by the Company
and the Company intends to use the proceeds to fund investments in re-performing mortgage loans. In connection with the extinguishment
of the notes issued by Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-A and Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-B , the Company expects to amortize the
remaining approximately $0.6 million in deferred issuance costs in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

On October 25, 2016, the Company completed
its eighth securitization, Ajax Mortgage Loan Trust 2016-C. An aggregate of $102.6 million of senior securities and $15.8 million
of subordinated securities were issued in a private offering with respect to $157.8 million UPB of mortgage loans, of which $12.9
million were small balance commercial mortgage loans. Approximately 82% of these mortgage loans were RPLs and approximately 18%
were NPLs based on UPB. Net proceeds from the sale of the senior securities provided leverage of approximately 3.9 times
the related equity. 

Dividend declaration 

On October 27, 2016 the Company s Board
of Directors declared a dividend of $0.25 per share, to be paid on November 30, 2016, to stockholders of record as of November
16, 2016. 

Table of Contents   

Management fees 

On October 27, 2016 the Company issued 20,005
shares of its common stock to the Manager in payment of the stock-based portion of the management fee due for the third quarter
of 2016 in a private transaction. The management fee expense associated with these shares was recorded as an expense in the third
quarter of 2016. 

Directors  retainer 

On October 27, 2016 the Company issued each
of its independent directors 417 shares of its common stock in payment of half of their quarterly director fees for the third quarter
of 2016. 

Table of Contents   

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Some of the statements under  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this report constitute forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events
or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as  anticipate,   believe,   could,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   should,   will 
and  would  or the negatives of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

The forward-looking statements are based on
our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to
us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are
known to us or are within our control. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations
may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider these risks, along with
the following factors that could cause actual results to vary from our forward-looking statements: 

the factors referenced in this report, including those set forth under  Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

our ability to implement our business strategy;   

difficulties in identifying re-performing and non-performing loans and properties to acquire;   

the impact of changes to the supply of, value of and the returns on re-performing and non-performing loans;   

our ability to convert non-performing loans into performing loans, or to modify or otherwise resolve such loans;   

our ability to convert non-performing loans to properties that can generate attractive returns either through sale or rental;   

our ability to compete with our competitors;   

our ability to control our costs;   

the impact of changes in interest rates and the market value of the collateral underlying our re-performing and non-performing
loan portfolios or of our other real estate assets;   

our ability to obtain financing arrangements on favorable terms, or at all;   

our ability to retain our Manager;   

the failure of the Servicer to perform its obligations under the Servicing Agreement;   

general volatility of the capital markets;   

the impact of adverse real estate, mortgage or housing markets and changes in the general economy;   

changes in our business strategy;   

our failure to maintain qualification as a REIT;   

our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act;   

our failure to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act; and   

the impact of adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes.   

Table of Contents   

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

In this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
( report ), unless the context indicates otherwise, references to  Great Ajax,   we,   the
company,   our  and  us  refer to the activities of and the assets and liabilities of the business
and operations of Great Ajax Corp.;  operating partnership  refers to Great Ajax Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership;  our Manager  refers to Thetis Asset Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;  Aspen
Capital  refers to the Aspen Capital group of companies;  Aspen  and  Aspen Yo  refers to Aspen Yo
LLC, an Oregon limited liability company that is part of Aspen Capital;  the Servicer  and  Gregory  refer
to Gregory Funding LLC, an Oregon limited liability company and our affiliate, and an indirect subsidiary of Aspen Yo. 

Our Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim
Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Item 1. Consolidated Interim Financial Statements of this
report and in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as
the sections entitled  Risk Factors  in Item 1A. of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A.
of this report, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this report and our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K.   

Overview 

Great Ajax Corp. is a Maryland corporation that
focuses primarily on acquiring, investing in re-performing loans and managing portfolios of re-performing and non-performing mortgage
loans secured by single-family residences and, to a lesser extent, single-family properties. We also invest in loans secured by
multi-family residential and commercial mixed use retail/residential properties, as well as in the properties directly. The multi-family
and commercial mixed-use properties generally will have loan values of up to approximately $5 million. We refer to these as
 smaller commercial properties.  On July 8, 2014, we closed a private offering of shares of our common stock and limited
partnership units of our operating partnership, or OP Units. We commenced operations on July 8, 2014, and we completed our IPO
on February 19, 2015. 

We are externally managed by Thetis Asset Management
LLC, an affiliated entity. We own a 19.8% interest in the Manager. Our mortgage loans and other real estate assets are serviced
by Gregory Funding LLC, an affiliated entity. We conduct substantially all of our business through our operating partnership, Great
Ajax Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and its subsidiaries. We, through a wholly owned subsidiary, are
the general partner of our operating partnership. GA-TRS LLC, or Thetis TRS, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the operating partnership
that owns the equity interest in the Manager. We elected to treat Thetis TRS as a TRS under the Code. On February 22, 2016, we
received a Private Letter Ruling from the Internal Revenue Service in connection with our income earned through the Manager. 
Currently, our interest in the Man a ger is held through a taxable REIT subsidiary and is subject
to federal and state income taxes.  The ruling affirmed that we can generally own the Manager indirectly through our operating
partnership without the associated income impacting our applicable REIT testing requirements.  Consistent with the ruling,
we are currently exploring options for transferring our interest in the Manager to our operating partnership. Great Ajax Funding
LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of the operating partnership formed to act as the depositor of mortgage loans into securitization
trusts and to hold the subordinated securities issued by such trusts and any additional trusts we may form for additional securitizations.
AJX Mortgage Trust I and AJX Mortgage Trust II, both wholly owned subsidiaries of the operating partnership, were formed in connection
with our repurchase agreements. GAJX Real Estate LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the operating partnership, was formed to own,
maintain, improve and sell REO purchased by us. We have elected to treat GAJX Real Estate LLC as a TRS under the Code. 

We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal
income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our ability
to meet, on a continuing basis, various complex requirements under the Code relating to, among other things, the sources of our
gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our distribution levels and the diversity of ownership of our capital stock.
We believe that we are organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code, and that our current
intended manner of operation enables us to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Table of Contents   

Market Trends and Outlook 

We believe that cyclical trends
continue to drive a significant realignment within the mortgage sector. These trends and their effects include: 

sustained low interest rates and elevated operating costs resulting from new regulatory requirements that continue to drive
sales of residential mortgage assets by banks and other mortgage lenders;   

declining home ownership due to rising prices, low inventory and increased down payment requirements that have increased the
demand for single-family and multi-family residential rental properties;   

rising home prices are increasing homeowner equity and reducing the incidence of strategic default;   

low interest rates combined with rising prices has resulted in millions of homeowners being in the money to refinance and;   

the Dodd-Frank risk retention rules for asset backed securities have reduced the universe of participants in the securitization
markets.   

The current market landscape is also generating
new opportunities in residential mortgage-related whole loan strategies. The origination of subprime and alternative residential
mortgage loans remain substantially below 2008 levels and the new qualified mortgage and ability-to-repay rule requirements has
put pressure on new originations. Additionally, many banks and other mortgage lenders have increased their credit standards and
down payment requirements for originating new loans. 

The combination of these factors has also resulted
in a significant number of families that cannot qualify to obtain new residential mortgage loans. We believe new U.S. federal regulations
addressing  qualified mortgages  based, among other factors on employment status, debt-to-income level, impaired credit
history or lack of savings, will continue to limit mortgage loan availability from traditional mortgage lenders. In addition, we
believe that many homeowners displaced by foreclosure or who either cannot afford to own or cannot be approved for a mortgage will
prefer to live in single-family rental properties with similar characteristics and amenities to owned homes as well as smaller
multi-family residential properties. In certain demographic areas, new households are being formed at a rate that exceeds the new
homes being added to the market, which we believe favors future demand for non-federally guaranteed mortgage financing for single-family
and smaller multi-family rental properties. For all these reasons, we believe that demand for single-family and smaller multi-family
rental properties will increase in the near term and remain at heightened levels for the foreseeable future. 

We also believe that banks and other mortgage
lenders have strengthened their capital bases and are more aggressively foreclosing on delinquent borrowers or selling these loans
to dispose of their inventory. Additionally, many non-performing loan buyers are now interested in reducing their investment duration
and have begun selling re-performing loans. 

We believe that investments in re-performing
single family residential loans with positive equity provide the optimal investment value. As a result, we focus our investments
in pools of re-performing loans and are no longer actively acquiring pools of non-performing loans. We do, however, from time to
time, acquire non-performing loans in connection with our acquisition of re-performing loans. 

We also believe there are significant attractive
investment opportunities in the smaller commercial mortgage loan and property markets. We focus on densely populated urban areas
where we expect positive economic change based on certain demographic, economic and social statistical data. The primary lenders
for smaller multi-family and mixed retail/residential properties are community banks and not regional and national banks and large
institutional lenders. We believe the primary lenders and loan purchasers are less interested in these assets because they typically
require significant commercial and residential mortgage credit and underwriting expertise, special servicing capability and active
property management. It is also more difficult to create the large pools that these primary banks, lenders and portfolio acquirers
typically desire. Many community banks also remain under financial and regulatory pressure since the financial crisis and are now
beginning to sell smaller commercial 

Table of Contents   

mortgage loans as property values have begun to
increase. We continually monitor opportunities to increase our holdings of these smaller commercial mortgage loans and properties. 

Factors That May Affect Our Operating Results 

Acquisitions . Our operating results depend
heavily on sourcing re-performing and non-performing loans. We believe that there is currently a large supply of re-performing
and non-performing loans available to us for acquisition. We believe the available supply provides for a steady acquisition pipeline
of assets since we plan on targeting just a small percentage of the population. We further believe that we will be able to purchase
residential mortgage loans at lower prices than REO for the following reasons. 

We believe that buying re-performing loans is more efficient and lower risk than acquiring REO rentals directly because the
net cash flow from the re-performing loans is typically greater than rent cash flow. Re-performing loans are typically purchased
at significant discounts from UPB and underlying property values, but the borrower pays interest on the full UPB, leading to a
higher current yield. The borrower is also responsible for property taxes, insurance and maintenance, which are all costs that
the owner of the REO would otherwise have to pay. In addition, to the extent that the UPB exceeds the home s value, the lender
will receive all appreciation until such time as the home price appreciation ( HPA ) exceeds the UPB. While the return
to the mortgage loan owner is thus capped, conversely, there is also risk mitigation if the REO value decreases, until the value
is less than the price the lender paid for the loan.   

If a re-performing loan becomes a non-performing loan, or we purchase a non-performing loan, which is generally purchased at
a deeper discount than re-performing loans, we, through the Servicer, have a number of ways to mitigate our loss. These loss mitigation
techniques include working with the borrower to achieve performance, including through modification of the mortgage loan terms
as well as short sale, assisted deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, assisted deed-for-lease, foreclosure and other loss mitigation activities.
With each REO acquired, we assess the best potential return either through rental, sale with carryback financing, which we
believe will increase the potential pool of purchasers, or sale without our financing the purchase.   

We believe that we will be able to purchase residential mortgage loans at lower prices than REO properties because sellers
of such loans will be able to avoid paying the costs typically associated with sales of real estate, whether single-family residences
or smaller commercial properties, such as broker commissions and closing costs. We believe this will motivate the sellers to accept
a lower price for the re-performing and non-performing loans than they would if selling REO.   

We believe there are fewer participants in the re-performing and non-performing loan marketplace than in the foreclosure auction
and other REO acquisition channels due to the large size of portfolios offered for sale on an  all or none  basis and
the required operational infrastructure and expertise involved in servicing loans and managing single-family rental properties
across various states. Additionally, as the acquirer of loans, we take the risk of delays in the foreclosure process for non-performing
loans. We focus on smaller pools of mortgage loan assets that we can analyze on a loan-by-loan basis, and we believe that we will
be able to aggregate these smaller pools often at a greater discount than would be available for larger pools. We believe the relatively
lower level of competition for re-performing and non-performing loans, combined with growing supply, provides buyers with the opportunity
for a higher discount rate relative to the foreclosure auction and other REO acquisition channels and therefore a relatively lower
cost to acquire REO.   

We expect that our residential mortgage loan
portfolio may grow at an uneven pace, as opportunities to acquire re-performing residential mortgage loans may be irregularly timed
and may involve large portfolios of loans, and the timing and extent of our success in acquiring such loans cannot be predicted.
In addition, for any given portfolio of loans that we agree to acquire, we typically acquire fewer loans than originally expected,
as certain loans may be resolved prior to the closing date or may fail to meet our diligence standards. The number of unacquired
loans typically constitutes a small portion of a particular portfolio. In any case where we do not acquire the full portfolio,
we make appropriate adjustments to the applicable purchase price. 

Table of Contents   

Financing . Our ability to grow our business
by acquiring re-performing loans depends on the availability of adequate financing, including additional equity financing, debt
financing or both in order to meet our objectives. We intend to leverage our investments with debt, the level of which may vary
based upon the particular characteristics of our portfolio and on market conditions. We securitize our whole loan portfolios, primarily
as a financing tool, when economically efficient to create long-term, fixed rate, non-recourse financing with moderate leverage,
while retaining one or more tranches of the subordinate MBS so created. The securitizations are structured as debt financings and
not REMIC sales, and the loans included in the securitizations remain on our balance sheet. We have completed seven securitization
transactions pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, in which we issued notes
primarily secured by seasoned, performing and non-performing mortgage loans primarily secured by first liens on one-to-four family
residential properties. 

To qualify as a REIT under the Code, we generally
will need to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income each year (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders. This
distribution requirement limits our ability to retain earnings and thereby replenish or increase capital to support our activities. 

Resolution Methodologies . We, through
the Servicer, or our affiliates, employ various loan resolution methodologies with respect to our residential mortgage loans, including
loan modification, collateral resolution and collateral disposition. The manner in which a non-performing loan is resolved will
affect the amount and timing of revenue we will receive. Our preferred resolution methodology is to modify non-performing loans.
Once successfully modified and there is a period of continued performance, we expect that borrowers will typically refinance these
loans either with other lenders or by the Servicer at or near the estimated value of the underlying property. We believe modification
followed by refinancing generates near-term cash flows, provides the highest possible economic outcome for us and is a socially
responsible business strategy because it keeps more families in their homes. In certain circumstances, we may also consider selling
these modified loans. Though we do not actively seek to acquire REO or rental properties, through historical experience, we expect
that many of our non-performing residential mortgage loans will enter into foreclosure or similar proceedings, ultimately becoming
REO that we can convert into single-family rental properties. REO property can be converted into single-family rental properties
or they may be sold through REO liquidation and short sale processes. We expect the timelines for each of the different processes
to vary significantly, and final resolution could take up to 48 months or longer from the loan acquisition date. The exact nature
of resolution will depend on a number of factors that are beyond our control, including borrower willingness, property value, availability
of refinancing, interest rates, conditions in the financial markets, regulatory environment and other factors. To avoid the 100%
prohibited transaction tax on the sale of dealer property by a REIT, we intend to dispose of any asset that may be treated as held
 primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business  by contributing or selling the asset
to a TRS prior to marketing the asset for sale. 

The state of the real estate market and home
prices will determine proceeds from any sale of real estate. We will opportunistically and on an asset-by-asset basis determine
whether to rent any REO we acquire, whether upon foreclosure or otherwise, we may determine to sell such assets if they do not
meet our investment criteria. In addition, while we seek to track real estate price trends and estimate the effects of those trends
on the valuations of our portfolios of residential mortgage loans, future real estate values are subject to influences beyond our
control. Generally, rising home prices are expected to positively affect our results. Conversely, declining real estate prices
are expected to negatively affect our results. 

Conversion to rental property . The key
variables that will affect our residential rental revenues over the long-term will be the extent to which we acquire REO, which,
in turn, will depend on the amount of our capital invested, average occupancy and rental rates in our owned rental properties.
We expect the timeline to convert acquired loans into rental properties will vary significantly by loan, which could result in
variations in our revenue and our operating performance from period to period. There are a variety of factors that may inhibit
our ability, through the Servicer, to foreclose upon a residential mortgage loan and get access to the real property within the
time frames we model as part of our valuation process. These factors include, without limitation: state foreclosure timelines and
the associated deferrals (including from litigation); unauthorized occupants of the property; U.S. federal, state or local legislative
action or initiatives designed to provide homeowners with assistance in avoiding residential mortgage loan foreclosures that may
delay the foreclosure process; U.S. federal government programs that require specific procedures to be followed to explore the
non-foreclosure outcome of a residential mortgage loan prior to the commencement of a foreclosure proceeding; and declines in real
estate values and high levels of 

Table of Contents   

unemployment and underemployment that increase the number of foreclosures
and place additional pressure on the already overburdened judicial and administrative systems. 

Expenses . Our expenses primarily consist
of the fees and expenses payable by us under the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. Our Manager incurs direct, out-of-pocket
costs related to managing our business, which are contractually reimbursable by us. Depreciation and amortization is a non-cash
expense associated with the ownership of real estate properties and generally remains relatively consistent each year at an asset
level since we depreciate our properties on a straight-line basis over a fixed life. Interest expense consists of the costs to
borrow money. 

Changes in home prices . As discussed
above, generally, rising home prices are expected to positively affect our results, particularly as it should result in greater
levels of re-performance of mortgage loans, faster refinancing of those mortgage loans, more re-capture of principal on greater
than 100% LTV (loan-to-value) mortgage loans and increased recovery of the principal of the mortgage loans upon sale of any REO.
Conversely, declining real estate prices are expected to negatively affect our results, particularly if the price should decline
below our purchase price for the loans and especially if borrowers determine that it is better to strategically default as their
equity in their homes decline. While home prices have risen to nearly pre-Great Recession levels in many parts of the United States,
there are still significant regions where values have not materially increased. When we analyze loan and property acquisitions
we do not take HPA into account except for rural properties for which we model negative HPA related to our expectation of worse
than expected property condition. We typically concentrate our investments in specific urban geographic locations in which we expect
stable or better property markets, although we do not use any appreciation expectation in the performance modeling for our acquisitions. 

Changes in market interest rates .
With respect to our business operations, increases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: (1) the value of our
mortgage loan and mortgage backed securities ( MBS ) retained from our securitizations portfolio to
decline; (2) coupons on our adjustable rate mortgages ( ARM ) and hybrid ARM mortgage loans and MBS to reset,
although on a delayed basis, to higher interest rates; (3) prepayments on our mortgage loans and MBS portfolio to slow,
thereby slowing the amortization of our purchase premiums and the accretion of our purchase discounts; (4) the interest
expense associated with our borrowings to increase; and (5) to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part
of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to increase. Conversely, decreases in interest rates, in general, may
over time cause: (a) prepayments on our mortgage loan and MBS portfolio to increase, thereby accelerating the accretion of
our purchase discounts; (b) the value of our mortgage loan and MBS portfolio to increase; (c) coupons on our ARM and hybrid
ARM mortgage loans and MBS to reset, although on a delayed basis, to lower interest rates; (d) the interest expense
associated with our borrowings to decrease; and (e) to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our
hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to decrease. 

Critical accounting policies and estimates 

Various elements of our accounting policies,
by their nature, are inherently subject to estimation techniques, and other subjective assessments. In particular, we have identified
three policies that, due to the judgment and estimates inherent in those policies, are critical to understanding of our consolidated
financial statements. These policies relate to (i) accounting for interest income on our mortgage loan portfolio; (ii) accounting
for interest expense on our secured borrowings; and, (iii) accounting for interest expense on our borrowings under repurchase agreements.
We believe that the judgment and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are appropriate given
the factual circumstances at the time. However, given the sensitivity of our consolidated financial statements to these critical
accounting policies, the use of other judgments or estimates could result in material differences in our results of operations
or financial condition. For further information on our critical accounting policies, please refer to Note 2, Summary of significant
accounting policies in the notes to our interim consolidated financial statements. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

Refer to the notes to our interim consolidated financial statements
for a description of relevant recent accounting pronouncements. 

Table of Contents   

Emerging growth company  .  

Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that
an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of
certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our consolidated financial statements may, therefore, not be comparable to
those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

Results of operations  

For the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had net income attributable to common stockholders of $7.6 million and $21.9 million, or $0.42 and $1.34, respectively,
for both basic and diluted common shares. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we had net income attributable
to common stockholders of $7.6 million and $16.7 million, or $0.50 and $1.15, respectively, for both basic and diluted common shares.
Additionally, other key items for the three months ended September 30, 2016 include: 

Invested
                                         $216.2 million in re-performing loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance
                                         of $259.4 million to end the quarter with a $755.6 million investment
                                         in mortgage loans with an aggregate UPB of $948.8 million.   

Portfolio interest income of $18.7 million; net interest income of $11.8 million.   

Net income attributable to common stockholders of $7.6 million.   

Earnings per share ( EPS ) of $0.42 per diluted share.   

Raised $81.0
                                         million, net, in secured borrowings.   

Sold $78.1
                                         million in re-performing loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of $100.3
                                         million to Ajax E Master Trust, the joint venture we established in the first
                                         quarter of 2016, and used the proceeds to pay down a repurchase line of credit.   

Table of Contents   

Table 1: Results of operations 

($ in thousands
except shares and per share data)   

Net interest income  

Our primary source of income is accretion earned
on our mortgage loan portfolio offset by the interest expense incurred to fund portfolio acquisitions. Net interest income on
our mortgage loan portfolio increased to $11.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus $10.6 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. Year to-date net interest income increased to $32.9 million versus $24.9 million
for the comparable period in 2015. The key driver of increased net interest income was an increase in the average balance of our
mortgage loan portfolio offset by an increase in our secured borrowings as we continue to take advantage of favorable market conditions
for issuing senior bonds secured by our mortgage loans. The average balance of our mortgage loan portfolio increased to $717.5
million for the three months ending September 30, 2016 versus $472.4 million for the three months ending September 30, 2015. Additionally,
we collected $27.7 million in cash payments and proceeds on our mortgage loans and REO held-for-sale during the quarter. 

The average yield on our mortgage loan portfolio
declined versus the comparable periods in 2015 primarily due to an increase in the percentage of re-performing loans that have
remained performing.  Re-performing loans generally have a longer duration than non-performing loans resulting in increased
expected principal and interest collections over the life of the loan but lower current period income as cash collections occur
over a longer period.  Our average yield on our secured borrowings and repurchase agreements increased versus the comparable
periods in 2015 primarily due to the impact of the amortization of deferred issuance costs on our secured borrowings and our repurchase
agreements. 

The average balance of our mortgage loan portfolio
and debt outstanding for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are included in the table below ($ in thousands): 

Table of Contents   

Table 2: Average balances 

Other income  

Other income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 versus the comparable periods in 2015 decreased primarily due to impairments and realized losses on our REO
property held-for-sale offset by increased late fee income. We routinely assess the net realizable value on our REO property held-for-sale
and record impairment if the carrying value of the REO property held-for-sale exceeds its net realizable value. Impairment charges
and realized losses on REO property held-for-sale are primarily arising from loans acquired in non-performing loan pools in the
second half of 2014. 

Table 3: Other income 

Other Income
 
($ in thousands)  

* Fees received pursuant to the government s Home Affordable
Modification Program. 

Operating Expenses  

Total expenses for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 increased versus the comparable period primarily due to (1) increases in loan servicing fees as a result
of the increase in the mortgage loan portfolio; and (2) an increase in the management fees due to the increase in stockholders 
equity at September 30, 2016. This increase was offset by a decrease in loan transaction expense due to a reimbursement of loan
transaction expenses incurred on loans that were sold in September 2016 to Ajax E Master Trust, the joint venture we established
in March 2016. These expenses were accrued in the three months ended June 30, 2016 for loans acquired in July 2016. The sale to
Ajax E Master Trust is discussed further in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio section below. 

Our real estate operating expense increased
for the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016, primarily as a result of the increase in number of properties held-for-sale.
As of September 30, 2016, we owned 130 properties held-for-sale versus 62 at September 30, 2015. The key components of real estate
operating expense include property taxes, HOA fees and general property maintenance. 

Other expense increased for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to our overall growth. A breakdown of other expense is provided in Table 4. 

Table of Contents   

Table 4: Other Expense  

Other Expense   ($ in thousands)   

Equity and Net Book Value Per Share  

Our net book value per share was $14.99 and
$14.92 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, an increase of $0.07 due to the increase in equity from our earnings,
partially offset by an increase in the number of shares outstanding from our offering of common stock completed during the second
quarter of 2016. The net book value per share is calculated by dividing equity by total adjusted shares outstanding, including
OP Units (which are redeemable on a 1-for-1 basis into shares of our common stock after one year of ownership) and Manager and
director shares not issued as of the date indicated ($ in thousands except per share amounts): 

Table 5: Book value per share  

Mortgage loan portfolio  

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we acquired 1,416 and 1,885 RPLs for acquisition prices of $216.2 million and $305.6 million, respectively. No
NPLs were acquired during these periods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we acquired 393 and 1,573 RPLs
for acquisition prices of $66.9 million and $280.8 million, respectively. 158 NPLs were acquired during the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2015 for an acquisition price of $19.6 million. The following table shows loan portfolio acquisitions for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015. 

Table 6: Portfolio acquisitions  

Portfolio acquisitions
 
($ in thousands)   

Table of Contents   

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, we sold $78.2 million of re-performing mortgage loans to Ajax E Master Trust, the joint venture we established in
March 2016, for total proceeds of $78.1 million. Additionally, we made a loan to AS Ajax E LLC in the amount of $4.0 million
at Libor plus 5.22%. It is anticipated that the loan will be repaid as additional investors buy equity interests in AS Ajax E
LLC 

Additionally, during the three and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, 66 and 159 mortgage loans, representing 1.4% and 3.2%, respectively, of our ending
UPB, were liquidated. During each of the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, 30 and 54 mortgage loans, representing
0.9% and 1.6% respectively, of our ending UPB, were liquidated. 

Table 7: Loan
portfolio activity   

(1)  *Excludes proceeds
on sale of REO. 

Table 8: Portfolio composition  

As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio of mortgage-related assets
consisted of the following ($ in thousands): 

(1)  Amounts that have
been deferred in connection with a loan modification on which interest does not accrue. These amounts generally become payable
at the time of maturity. 

 (2)  As of date of acquisition. 

(3)  Our loan portfolio consists of fixed rate (50.9% of UPB), ARM (15.7% of UPB) and Hybrid ARM (33.4% of UPB) mortgage loans with
original terms to maturity of not more than 40 years.   

(4)  UPB as of September 30, 2016 divided by market value of collateral as of date of acquisition and weighted by the UPB of the
loan.   

Table of Contents   

We closely monitor the status of our mortgage
loans through our Servicer as it works with our borrowers to improve their payment records. Re-performing loans are loans on which
at least five of the seven most recent payments have been made, or the most recent payment has been made and accepted pursuant
to an agreement, or the full dollar amount to cover at least five payments has been paid in the last seven months. Non-performing
loans are those loans on which the most recent three payments have not been made. The following table shows the percentages of
our portfolio, based on UPB, represented by non-performing loans and re-performing loans at September 30, 2016, and December 31,
2015, based on loan status as of the consolidated balance sheet date. 

Table 9: Loan portfolio by re-performing and non-performing loans  

Table 10: Portfolio characteristics  

The following table presents certain characteristics
about our mortgage loans by years of origination as of September 30, 2016 ($ in thousands): 

Table 11: Loans by state  

The following table identifies our mortgage
loans by state, number of loans, loan value and collateral value and percentages thereof at September 30, 2016 identified above
($ in thousands): 

Table of Contents   

*  Information
reflects two loans in which we have a 95% participation interest and are owned by the Servicer because neither we nor our subsidiaries
have the necessary licenses in certain states.  

(1)  As of date of acquisition.  

Liquidity and capital resources 

Source and uses of cash  

Our primary sources of cash have consisted of
proceeds from securities offerings, our securitizations of residential mortgages, repurchase agreements, the collection of principal
and interest on our loan portfolio, and sales of properties held-for-sale. We anticipate that our primary sources of cash in the
future will generally consist of payments of principal and interest we receive on our loan portfolio and proceeds on the sale of
REO property held for sale. Additionally, depending on market conditions, we expect that our primary financing sources will include
securitizations, repurchase agreements and private and public equity and debt issuances in addition to transaction or asset specific
funding arrangements and credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities). We expect that these sources of funds
will be sufficient to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity needs. From time to time, we may invest with third parties and
acquire interests in loans through investments in joint ventures. 

We use cash to purchase mortgage-related assets,
repay principal and interest on any borrowings, make distributions to our stockholders and holders of our operating partnership
units and fund operations. 

As of September 30, 2016, substantially all
of our invested capital was in re-performing and non-performing mortgage loans. We also held approximately $23.3 million of cash
and cash equivalents, a decrease of $7.5 million from our balance of $30.8 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease is primarily
due to our investment in re-performing mortgage loans of $304.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, offset
by $78.2 million in proceeds on the sale of re-performing loans to Ajax E Master Trust. Our average daily cash balance
during the quarter was $50.6 million, an increase of $11.6 million from our average daily balance of $39.0 million during the
quarter ended June 30, 2016, and an increase of $22.5 million from our average daily balance of $28.1 million during
quarter ended December 31, 2015. 

Our operating cash outflows for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were ($17.9) million and ($10.7) million, respectively. The key driver of negative operating
cash flow for both periods is non-cash interest income accretion of $39.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and $21.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Operating cash flows do not include principal repayments on our
mortgage loans or proceeds on the sale of our property held-for-sale. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
collected $55.8 million and $17.5 million, respectively, in principal payments and payoffs on our mortgage loans and sales of
our held-for-sale properties. These amounts exclude the $78.2 million of proceeds on the sale of mortgage loans to Ajax E Master
Trust in September 2016. 

Our investing cash outflows are driven primarily
by mortgage loan acquisitions offset by principal payments on and repayments of our mortgage loan portfolio and proceeds on the
sale of our property held for sale. Changes in our investing cash flows for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were ($176.5) 

Table of Contents   

million and ($285.9) million, respectively, driven primarily by
mortgage loan acquisitions for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $304.9 million and $300.4 million, respectively. 

Our financing cash flows are driven primarily
by funding used to acquire mortgage loan pools and pay dividends on our common stock and distributions on our OP units. We fund
our mortgage loan pool acquisitions primarily through secured borrowings, repurchase agreements and the proceeds from our equity
offerings. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we issued $185.9 million and $136.9 million in secured borrowings
offset by repayments of $33.2 million and $23.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
borrowed $222.3 million and $203.0 million on our repurchase agreements, offset by repayments of $207.6 million and $87.4 million,
respectively. Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we raised $32.0 million and $51.5 million, respectively,
from the sale of our common stock. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid dividends and distributions in
the amounts of $12.5 million and $8.3 million, respectively. 

Financing activities   equity offerings  

We completed our IPO in February 2015, in which
we and selling stockholders sold an aggregate of 5,276,797 shares of common stock, including shares sold pursuant to exercise of
the option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters. We sold 3,976,464 shares of common stock and selling stockholders
sold 1,300,333 shares of common stock, in each case, including shares sold pursuant to exercise of the option to purchase additional
shares granted to the underwriters. We used the approximately $53.9 million of proceeds (after deducting the underwriting discount
but before deducting estimated offering expenses) to acquire additional mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets. In June 2016,
we sold 2,589,427 shares of common stock, including shares sold pursuant to the underwriters  exercising the option to purchase
additional shares granted, in a public offering. 

Financing activities  
secured borrowings and repurchase arrangements  

From inception (January 30, 2014) to September
30, 2016, we have completed seven securitizations pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The securitizations are structured
as debt financings and not REMIC sales, and the loans included in the securitizations remain on our balance sheet as we are the
primary beneficiary of the securitization trusts, which are VIEs. The securitization VIEs are structured as pass through entities
that receive principal and interest on the underlying mortgages and distribute those payments to the holders of the notes. Our
exposure to the obligations of the VIEs is generally limited to our investments in the entities. The notes that are issued by the
securitization trusts are secured solely by the mortgages held by the applicable trusts and not by any of our other assets. The
mortgage loans of the applicable trusts are the only source of repayment and interest on the notes issued by such trusts. We do
not guarantee any of the obligations of the trusts under the terms of the agreement governing the notes or otherwise. 

Our securitizations are structured with Class
A notes, Class B notes, and a trust certificate representing the residual interests in the mortgages. For each of our seven securitizations
through September 30, 2016, we have retained the Class B notes and the trust certificate. The Class A notes are senior, sequential
pay, fixed rate notes. The Class B notes are subordinate, sequential pay, fixed rate notes with Class B-2 notes subordinate to
the Class B-1 notes. If the Class A notes have not been redeemed by the payment date 36 months after issue, or otherwise paid in
full by that date, an amount equal to the aggregate interest payment amount that accrued and would otherwise be paid to the Class
B-1 and the Class B-2 notes will be paid as principal to the Class A notes on that date and each subsequent payment date until
the Class A notes are paid in full. After the Class A notes are paid in full, the Class B-1 and Class B-2 notes will resume receiving
their respective interest payment amounts and any interest that accrued but was not paid to the Class B notes while the Class A
notes were outstanding. As the holder of the trust certificates, we are entitled to receive any remaining amounts in the trust
after the Class A notes and Class B notes have been paid in full. 

The following table sets forth the original
terms of all securitization notes at their respective cutoff dates as of September 30, 2016: 

Table of Contents   

Table 12: Securitizations  

(1)  The Class B notes are subordinate, sequential pay, fixed rate notes with Class B-2 notes subordinate to the Class B-1 notes.
The Company has retained the Class B notes.   

(2)  The trust certificates issued by the trusts and the beneficial ownership of the trusts are retained by Great Ajax Funding LLC
as the depositor. As the holder of the trust certificates, we are entitled to receive any remaining amounts in the trusts after
the Class A notes and Class B notes have been paid in full.   

(3)  These securities are encumbered under a repurchase agreement.   

Servicing for the mortgage loans in our securitizations
is provided by the Servicer at a servicing fee rate of 0.65% annually of UPB for re-performing loans and 1.25% annually of UPB
for non-performing loans, and is paid monthly. 

Repurchase transactions  

On November 25, 2014, we entered into a repurchase
facility pursuant to which a newly formed Delaware statutory trust wholly owned by the operating partnership, AJX Mortgage Trust
I, the  Seller,  will acquire, from time to time, pools of mortgage loans that are primarily secured by first liens
on one-to-four family residential properties from its affiliates and/or third party sellers. These mortgage loans will generally
be sold from time to time by the operating partnership as the  Guarantor  to the Seller pursuant to the terms of a
mortgage loan purchase 

Table of Contents   

agreement by and between the Guarantor, as seller,
and the Seller, as purchaser, in accordance with the terms thereof. Pursuant to a master repurchase agreement (the  2014
MRA ), these mortgage loans, together with the Seller s 100% ownership interests in REO I, and any future REO subsidiaries
wholly owned by the Seller and certain other property of the Seller, will be sold by the Seller to Nomura Corporate Funding Americas,
LLC, as buyer, from time to time, pursuant to one or more transactions, not exceeding $200.0 million at any point in time, with
a simultaneous agreement by the Seller to repurchase such mortgage loans and other property, as provided in the 2014 MRA. The obligations
of the Seller are guaranteed by the operating partnership. Repurchases under this facility carry interest calculated based on a
spread to one-month LIBOR and are fixed for the term of the borrowing. The purchase price for each mortgage loan or REO is generally
equal to 65% of the acquisition price for such asset or the then current BPO for the asset. The difference between the market value
of the asset and the amount of the repurchase agreement is the amount of equity the Company has in the position and is intended
to provide the lender some protection against fluctuations of value in the collateral and/or our failure to repay the borrowing
at maturity. We have effective control over the assets associated with this agreement and therefore it is accounted for as a financing
arrangement. The facility was amended on May 13, 2015 to increase the transaction limit, and on November 24, 2015 to extend the
termination date. The facility termination date is November 22, 2016. Additionally, we have sold subordinate securities from our
mortgage securitizations in repurchase transactions. 

On July 15, 2016, the Company entered into a
repurchase facility pursuant to which a newly formed Delaware statutory trust, AJX Mortgage Trust II (the  Seller ),
which is wholly owned by the Operating Partnership, will acquire, from time to time, pools of mortgage loans that are primarily
secured by first liens on one-to-four family residential properties from its affiliates and/or third party sellers. These mortgage
loans will generally be sold from time to time by the Operating Partnership as the  guarantor  to the Seller pursuant
to the terms of a mortgage loan purchase agreement by and between the guarantor, as seller, and the Seller, as purchaser, in accordance
with the terms thereof. Pursuant to a master repurchase agreement (the  2016 MRA ), these mortgage loans, together
with the Seller s 100% ownership interests in its wholly owned subsidiary, a newly formed Delaware limited liability company
( AJX Realty II LLC ), and any future REO subsidiaries wholly owned by the Seller and certain other property of the
Seller, will be sold by the Seller to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as buyer, from time to time, pursuant to one or more transactions,
not exceeding $150.0 million at any point in time, with a simultaneous agreement by the Seller to repurchase such mortgage loans
and other property, as provided in the 2016 MRA. The obligations of the Seller are guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. Repurchases
under this facility carry interest calculated based on a spread to one-month LIBOR and are fixed for the term of the borrowing.
The purchase price for each mortgage loan or REO is based upon a sliding scale from 85% to 75% as determined by the quality of
the collateral, applied to the acquisition price for such asset or the then current BPO for the asset. The difference between the
market value of the asset and the amount of the repurchase agreement is the amount of equity the Company has in the position and
is intended to provide the lender some protection against fluctuations of value in the collateral and/or the failure by the Company
to repay the borrowing at maturity. The Company has effective control over the assets associated with this agreement and therefore
it is accounted for as a financing arrangement. The facility termination date is July 19, 2017. 

A summary of our outstanding repurchase transactions
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 follows ($ in thousands): 

Table 13: Repurchase transactions by maturity
date  

Table of Contents   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had  $119.2  million outstanding under
our repurchase transactions.  The maximum month-end balance outstanding during the three-month period ended September 30,
2016 was $196.2 million, compared to a maximum month-end balance for the three-month period ended December 31, 2015, of $104.5
million.  The following table presents certain details of our repurchase
transactions for the three-month periods ended September 30 2016 and December 31, 2015 ($ in thousands):  

Table 14: Repurchase balances  

The increase in our average balance from $91.6
million for the three months ended December 31, 2015 to our average balance of $144.6 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was due to a net increase in repurchase financing during the three months ended September 30, 2016, from a result of additional
investments in mortgage loans. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
we did not have any credit facilities or other outstanding debt obligations other than the repurchase facilities and secured borrowings. 

We are not required by our investment guidelines
to maintain any specific debt-to-equity ratio, and we believe that the appropriate leverage for the particular assets we hold depends
on the credit quality and risk of those assets, as well as the general availability and terms of stable and reliable financing
for those assets. 

We may declare dividends based on, among other
things, our earnings, our financial condition, our working capital needs, new opportunities, and distribution requirements imposed
on REITs. The declaration of dividends to our stockholders and the amount of such dividends are at the discretion of our Board
of Directors. On October 27, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.25 per share, to be paid on November
30, 2016 to stockholders of record as of November 16, 2016. 

We believe
that our capital resources will be sufficient to enable us to meet anticipated short-term and long-term liquidity requirements.  

Off-Balance sheet arrangements 

Other than
the trusts holding assets pledged as security against our borrowings and equity method investments discussed elsewhere in this
report, we do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred
to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance
sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated
entities nor do we have any commitment or intent to provide funding to any such entities. As such, we are not materially exposed
to any market, credit, liquidity or financing risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.  

Contractual obligations 

A summary of our contractual obligations as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

Table of Contents   

Table 15: Contractual obligations  

Our secured borrowings are not included in the
table above as such borrowings are non-recourse to us and are only paid to the extent that cash flows from mortgage loans (in the
securitization trust) collateralizing the debt are received. Accordingly, a projection of contractual maturities over the next
five years is inapplicable. Our secured borrowings are summarized below ($ in thousands): 

Table 16: Secured debt  

Inflation 

Virtually
all of our assets and liabilities are interest-rate sensitive in nature. As a result, interest rates and other factors influence
our performance far more so than does inflation. Changes in interest rates do not necessarily correlate with inflation rates or
changes in inflation rates. Our activities and balance sheet are measured with reference to historical cost and/or fair market
value without considering inflation.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk 

The
primary components of our market risk are related to real estate risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk and credit risk. We
seek to actively manage these and other risks and to acquire and hold assets at prices that we believe justify bearing those risks,
and to maintain capital levels consistent with those risks.  

Real
Estate Risk   

Residential property values are subject to volatility
and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions
(which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply
of housing); construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. Decreases
in property values could cause us to suffer losses. 

Table of Contents   

Interest Rate Risk 

We expect
to continue to securitize our whole loan portfolios, primarily as a financing tool, when economically efficient to create long-term,
fixed rate, non-recourse financing with moderate leverage, while retaining one or more tranches of the subordinate MBS so created.
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international
economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. Changes in interest rates may affect the fair value
of the mortgage loans and real estate underlying our portfolios as well as our financing interest rate expense.  

We believe
that a rising interest rate environment could have a positive net effect on our operations to the extent we will own rental real
property or seek to sell real property. Rising interest rates could be accompanied by inflation and higher household incomes which
generally correlate closely to higher rent levels and property values. Even if our interest and operating expenses rise at the
same rate as rents, our operating profit could still increase. Despite our beliefs, it is possible that the value of our real estate
assets and our net income could decline in a rising interest rate environment to the extent that our real estate assets are financed
with floating rate debt and there is no accompanying increase in rental yield or property values.  

Prepayment Risk 

Prepayment
risk is the risk of change, whether an increase or a decrease, in the rate at which principal is returned in respect of the mortgage
loans we will own as well as the mortgage loans underlying our retained MBS, including both through voluntary prepayments and through
liquidations due to defaults and foreclosures. This rate of prepayment is affected by a variety of factors, including the prevailing
level of interest rates as well as economic, demographic, tax, social, legal and other factors. Prepayment rates, besides being
subject to interest rates and borrower behavior, are also substantially affected by government policy and regulation. Changes in
prepayment rates will have varying effects on the different types of assets in our portfolio. We attempt to take these effects
into account. We will generally purchase re-performing and non-performing loans at significant discounts from UPB and underlying
property values. An increase in prepayments would accelerate the repayment of the discount and lead to increased yield on our assets
while also causing re-investment risk that we can find additional assets with the same interest and return levels. A decrease in
prepayments would likely have the opposite effects.  

Credit Risk 

We are subject
to credit risk in connection with our assets. While we will engage in diligence on assets we will acquire, such due diligence may
not reveal all of the risks associated with such assets and may not reveal other weaknesses in such assets, which could lead us
to misprice acquisitions. Property values are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including,
but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and
other factors), local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of housing), changes or continued weakness in specific industry
segments, construction quality, age and design, demographic factors and retroactive changes to building or similar codes.  

There are
many reasons borrowers will fail to pay including but not limited to, in the case of residential mortgage loans, reductions in
personal income, job loss and personal events such as divorce or health problems, and in the case of commercial mortgage loans,
reduction in market rents and occupancies and poor property management services by borrowers. We will rely on the Servicer to mitigate
our risk. Such mitigation efforts may include loan modifications and prompt foreclosure and property liquidation following a default.
If a sufficient number of re-performing borrowers default, our results of operations will suffer and we may not be able to pay
our own financing costs.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report on Form
10-Q. The controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably
assure that 

Table of Contents   

information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), such as this Report on Form 10-Q,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Based on the controls evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that material information
related to our company and our consolidated subsidiaries is made known to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, particularly during the period when our periodic reports are being prepared. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Table of Contents   

PART
II. other information 

Item
1.  Legal Proceedings 

Neither we
nor any of our affiliates are the subject of any material legal or regulatory proceedings. We and our affiliates may be involved,
from time to time, in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.  

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

For information
regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed
under  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There
have been no material changes from these previously disclosed risk factors.  

Item
2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

On August 1, 2016 we issued 15,684 shares
of our common stock to the Manager in payment of the stock-based portion of the management fee due for the third quarter of
2016 in a private transaction. The management fee expense associated with these shares was recorded as an expense in the
second quarter of 2016. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

On August 1, 2016 we issued each of our independent
directors 418 shares of common stock in payment of half of their quarterly director fees for the third quarter of 2016. These shares
were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On August 16, 2016 we issued 1,432 shares of
our common stock in partial payment of dividends under our dividend reinvestment plan. 

On August 17, 2016, we granted 153,000 shares
of restricted stock to employees of our Manager and Servicer. The shares vest over three years, with one third of the shares vesting
on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. The shares may not be sold until the third anniversary
of the grant date. 

Item
3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4.  Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item
5.  Other Information 

None. 

Item
6.  Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit
Index are filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

GREAT AJAX CORP. 

Date: November 3, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Lawrence Mendelsohn 

Lawrence Mendelsohn 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Mary Doyle 

Mary Doyle 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Table of Contents   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

* Filed herewith. 

 ** Furnished herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602562_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Lawrence Mendelsohn, certify
that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-Q of Great Ajax Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Not used   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Lawrence Mendelsohn 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602562_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Mary Doyle, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Report on Form 10-Q of Great Ajax Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Not used   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Mary Doyle 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602562_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

GREAT AJAX CORP.  

CERTIFICATION  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Great Ajax Corp. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  Report ), I, Lawrence Mendelsohn, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof,
solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Dated: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Lawrence Mendelsohn 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1602562_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

GREAT AJAX CORP.  

CERTIFICATION  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Great Ajax Corp. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  Report ), I, Mary Doyle, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely
for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Dated: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Mary Doyle 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ajx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ajx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ajx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ajx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ajx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ajx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

