<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1617291_0001571049-16-019846_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7676316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145542</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>367174</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1946120</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3479899</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1559484</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019846.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114150822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019846
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MB Bancorp Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001617291
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				471696350
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55341
		FILM NUMBER:		161994063

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1920 ROCK SPRING ROAD
		CITY:			FOREST HILL
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21050
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-420-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1920 ROCK SPRING ROAD
		CITY:			FOREST HILL
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21050

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019846.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 t1602599_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington,
DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark one) 

x   QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from                      
to                      

Commission file number:  000-55341  

MB BANCORP, INC.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Not Applicable    
 
      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x 
 No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes   x   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company   x   
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No  x  

As of November 14, 2016,
there were 1,904,400 shares of common stock outstanding.  

MB BANCORP, INC.  

Table of Contents  

Page 
    No.    

Part I. Financial Information    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      2   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      5   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      6   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      38   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      52   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      52   

Part II. Other Information    

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      53   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      53   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      53   

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      53   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      53   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
      53   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      53   

Signatures    
       
     54  

Table of Contents   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)  

MB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

1   

       Table of Contents   

MB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

2   

       Table of Contents   

MB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

3   

       Table of Contents   

MB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2015 AND 2016 (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4   

       Table of Contents   

MB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5   

       Table of Contents   

MB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)   

1.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

In 2002, Bohemian American Federal Savings
and Loan Association, Inc., founded in 1899 in the State of Maryland, merged with Madison   Bradford Federal Savings  
Loan Association, founded in 1904 in the State of Maryland, to form Madison Bohemian Savings Bank. On September 1, 2009 Madison
Bohemian Savings Bank changed its name to Madison Bank of Maryland (the  Bank ). The Bank s principal business
is providing mortgage and consumer loans in Baltimore and Harford County. The Bank also provides construction and lot loans. Significant
accounting policies followed by the Bank are presented below. 

On August 26, 2014, the Bank s
Board of Directors approved a plan (the  Plan ) to convert from a federally-chartered mutual savings bank to a federally-chartered
stock savings bank form of organization, which was subsequently approved by the Bank s members. The Plan included the formation
of MB Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) to own all of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank. On December 29, 2014,
the Bank completed its mutual-to-stock conversion. On that date, the Bank became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and
the Company sold 2,116,000 shares of its common stock for gross offering proceeds of $21,160,000. 

The cost of conversion and issuing and
selling the capital stock of approximately $995,000 was deducted from the proceeds of the offering. At the time of conversion,
the Bank established a liquidation account in an amount equal to its retained earnings as reflected in the latest balance sheet
used in the final conversion prospectus. The liquidation account will be maintained for the benefit of eligible account holders
who continue to maintain their deposit accounts in the Bank after conversion. The liquidation account will be reduced annually
to the extent that eligible depositors have reduced their qualifying deposits. In the event of a complete liquidation of the Bank,
eligible depositors who continue to maintain accounts in accordance with Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC )
regulations will be entitled to receive a distribution from the liquidation account before any distribution may be made with respect
to the Company s common stock. The conversion was accounted for as change in corporate form with the historic base of the
Bank s assets, liabilities and equity unchanged as a result. The Bank may not declare or pay a cash dividend if the effect
thereof would cause its net worth to be reduced below either the amount required for the liquidation account discussed below or
the regulatory capital requirements imposed by the OCC. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Statements   

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X as promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. In the opinion of
management, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 contains all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly
the financial position at September 30, 2016. 

Certain prior period information
has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

These statements should be read
in conjunction with the audited consolidation financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations and cash flows for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

6   

       Table of Contents   

Principles of Consolidation    

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of MB Bancorp, Inc. ( The Company ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Madison Bank of Maryland
( The Bank ), 1920 Rock Spring Road, LLC formed in 1998 to own and hold real estate and Mutual, LLC formed in 2011
to hold other real estate owned. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The accounting and
reporting policies of the Company conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and to general practices in the banking
industry. 

Use of Estimates    

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Loans    

Loans are stated at the principal amount
outstanding net of any deferred fees and costs. Interest income on loans is accrued at the contractual rate on the principal amount
outstanding. It is the Company s policy to discontinue the accrual of interest when circumstances indicate that collection
is doubtful. Direct loan origination fees, net of direct loan origination costs, are amortized or accreted over the contractual
life of the loan using the interest method. 

Loans are considered impaired when, based
on current information; it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest payments according to contractual
terms. Generally, loans are considered impaired once principal and interest payments are past due and they are placed on non-accrual.
Management also considers the financial condition of the borrower, cash flows of the loan and the value of the related collateral.
Impaired loans do not include large groups of smaller balance homogeneous credits such as residential real estate and consumer
installment loans, which are evaluated collectively for impairment. Loans specifically reviewed for impairment are not considered
impaired during periods of  minimal delay  in payment (usually ninety days or less) provided eventual collection of
all amounts due is expected. Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at
the loan s effective interest rate, except that as a practical expedient, the Company may measure impairment based on a loan s
observable market price or the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. The Company recognizes interest
income on impaired loans on a cash basis if the borrower demonstrates the ability to meet the contractual obligation and collateral
is sufficient. If there is doubt regarding the borrower s ability to make payments or the collateral is not sufficient, payments
received are accounted for as a reduction in principal. 

A loan is considered to be a troubled debt
restructured loan ( TDR ) when the Company grants a concession to the borrower that the Company would not otherwise
consider to a borrower of comparable risk and the loan is placed on non-accrual status until the Company receives six consecutive
monthly payments. Such concessions include the reduction of interest rates, forgiveness of all or a portion of principal or interest,
extension of loan term or other modifications at interest rates that are less than the current market rate for new obligations
with similar risk. If a loan is in nonaccrual status at the time we restructure it and classify the restructure as a troubled debt
restructuring, it is our policy to maintain the loan as nonaccrual until we receive six consecutive monthly payments under the
restructured terms. TDR loans that are in compliance with their modified terms and that yield a market rate may be removed from
the TDR status after a period of one year. 

Allowance for Loan Losses    

The allowance for loan losses is established
through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management
believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely. The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses at an amount
estimated to equal all loan losses incurred in our loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonable to estimate at a balance
sheet date. The evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, overall
portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans, and current economic conditions and trends that may affect the borrowers 
ability to pay. 

7   

       Table of Contents   

The allowance for loan losses represents
an estimation done pursuant to either Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 450   Contingencies  
or Topic 310   Receivables .  The Company uses a loan grading system where loans are graded based on management s
evaluation of the risk associated with each loan. A factor, based on the loan grading is applied to the loan allowance to provide
for losses. In addition, management judgmentally establishes an additional nonspecific reserve. The nonspecific portion of the
allowance reflects management s estimate of probable inherent but undetected losses within the portfolio due to uncertainties
in economic conditions, delays in obtaining information, including unfavorable information about a borrower s financial condition,
the difficulty in identifying triggering events that correlates perfectly to subsequent loss rates, and risk factors that have
not yet manifested themselves in loss allocation factors. The adequacy of the allowance is determined through careful and continuous
evaluation of the loan portfolio, which involves the consideration of a number of factors to establish a prudent level. Determination
of the allowance is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates, including estimated losses on pools of homogeneous
loans based on historical loss experience and consideration of current economic trends, which may be susceptible to significant
change. 

While management believes it has established
the allowance for loan losses in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and has taken into account the views
of its regulators and the current economic environment, there can be no assurance that in the future the Bank s regulators
or the economic environment will not require further increases in the allowance. 

Real Estate Ground Rents   

Ground rents are a form of real estate ownership
where the land is owned by one entity, but the improved property located on the land is owned by the homeowner. The Company s
ground rents are supported by deeds that have been registered with Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation. Under
Maryland law, homeowners are required to pay the ground rent owner an annual fee that is stated in the original ground rent deed.
The fee is typically 6% of the original value of the land as stipulated in the deed and is paid biannually. In addition, Maryland
law stipulates that ground rent owners are required to sell or redeem the ground rent to the homeowner when requested. The redemption
price on the ground rent is the lesser of the annual ground rent fee divided by a statutory redemption rate, which ranges from
6% to 12%, or the contractual sales price. Maryland also limits the collection of ground rent fees to amounts due for three years
or less. 

Other Real Estate Owned    

Real estate acquired in satisfaction of
a debt is carried at fair value net of estimated selling costs. Costs incurred in maintaining foreclosed real estate and write-downs
to reflect declines in the fair value of the properties after acquisition are included in noninterest expenses. 

Transfers of Financial Assets    

Transfers of financial assets are accounted
for as sales, when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when:
(1) the assets have been isolated from the Bank, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from
taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Bank does not maintain effective control
over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. 

Income Taxes    

The Bank uses the liability method of accounting
for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred-tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities ( i.e.,  temporary differences)
and are measured at the enacted rates that will be in effect when these differences reverse. Deferred income taxes are recognized
when it is deemed more likely than not that the benefits of such deferred income taxes will be realized. The Bank recognizes interest
and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

8   

       Table of Contents   

ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes,  
provides clarification on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Bank has not identified any income tax uncertainties. 

Recognition of Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance    

The Bank has remained in a
cumulative loss position for four consecutive years and consequently management on a quarterly basis reevaluated
the need for a valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset balance.  Management s evaluation included: management s
ability to fully implement our strategic plan, which included the ability to raise capital through the proposed public stock offering;
additional expenses expected to be incurred as the result of becoming a public company; and the ability to generate sufficient
taxable income to fully realize the Bank s net operating loss carryforwards. Management concluded that it is more likely
than not the Bank will be unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the foreseeable future to fully utilize the cumulative
net operating loss carryforward and, therefore, maintains a valuation allowance to offset the net operating loss carryforward
related deferred tax asset. As of September 30, 2016, management s assessment has not changed. 

2.   IMPACT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

In May 2014, the FASB
issued an update (ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers) creating FASB Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. The guidance in this update affects any entity that either enters into contract with customers to transfer goods or
services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other
standards (for example, insurance contracts or lease contracts). The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides steps to follow to achieve the
core principle. An entity should disclose sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Qualitative and quantitative information
is required about contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs
to obtain or fulfill a contract. The amendments in this update are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016. I n July 2015, the FASB voted to approve deferring
the effective date by one year (i.e., interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017).  We are currently
evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, FASB
issued  ASU 2016-1,  No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  ASU 2016-1, among other things, (i) requires equity investments, with
certain exceptions, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (ii) simplifies the impairment
assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment,
(iii) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate
the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet, (iv)
requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure
purposes, (v) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair
value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the
liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments, (vi) requires separate presentation
of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the
accompanying notes to the financial statements and (viii) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance
on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale. ASU 2016-1 will be effective for us on January 1, 2018 and is
not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

9   

       Table of Contents   

In February 2016, FASB
issued ASU-2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842).   The guidance requires that a lessee recognize in the statement of
financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right of use asset representing its right to
use the underlying asset for the lease term. For finance leases: the right-of-use asset and a lease liability will be initially
measured at the present value of the lease payments, in the statement of financial position; interest on the lease liability will
be recognized separately from amortization of the right-of-use asset in the statement of comprehensive income; and repayments
of the principal portion of the lease liability will be classified within financing activities and payments of interest on the
lease liability and variable lease payments within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. For operating leases:
the right-of-use asset and a lease liability will be initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in the statement
of financial position; a single lease cost will be recognized, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the
lease term on a generally straight-line basis; and all cash payments will be classified within operating activities in the statement
of cash flows. Under Topic 842 the accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP.
The amendments in Topic 842 are effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019, including interim periods within that fiscal
year. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance of the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   This ASU significantly changes
how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that aren t measured at
fair value through net income. In issuing the standard, the FASB is responding to criticism that today s guidance delays
recognition of credit losses. The standard will replace today s  incurred loss  approach with an  expected
loss  model. The new model, referred to as the current expected credit loss ( CECL ) model, will apply to: (1)
financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost, and (2) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures.
This includes, but is not limited to, loans, leases, held-to-maturity securities, loan commitments, and financial guarantees.
The CECL model does not apply to available-for-sale ( AFS ) debt securities. For AFS debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that the losses will be recognized
as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. As a result, entities will recognize improvements
to estimated credit losses immediately in earnings rather than as interest income over time, as they do today. The ASU also simplifies
the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. ASU 2016-13 also expands the disclosure requirements
regarding an entity s assumptions, models, and methods for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. In addition,
entities will need to disclose the amortized cost balance for each class of financial asset by credit quality indicator, disaggregated
by the year of origination. ASU No. 2016-13 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2019; early adoption is permitted for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Entities will apply
the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting
period in which the guidance is effective (i.e., modified retrospective approach). The Company is currently evaluating the provisions
of ASU No. 2016-13 to determine the potential impact the new standard will have on the Company's consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   Current GAAP is unclear
or does not include specific guidance on how to classify certain transactions in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is intended
to reduce diversity in practice in how eight particular transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-15
is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, provided
that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period. Entities will be required to apply the guidance retrospectively. If
it is impracticable to apply the guidance retrospectively for an issue, the amendments related to that issue would be applied
prospectively. As this guidance only affects the classification within the statement of cash flows, ASU No. 2016-15 is not expected
to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements 

10   

       Table of Contents   

3.   INVESTMENT SECURITIES   

The carrying amount and estimated fair market
value of investment securities classified as available-for-sale are summarized as follows: 

11   

       Table of Contents   

The carrying amount and estimated fair
market value of investment securities classified as held-to-maturity are summarized as follows: 

12   

       Table of Contents   

Below is the schedule of both available-for-sale
and held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 and the length
of time the individual security has been in a continuous unrealized loss position  which
were comprised of 2 and  11 securities, respectively . Unrealized losses are the result of interest rate
levels differing from those existing at the time of purchase of the securities and as to mortgage-backed securities, estimated
prepayment speeds. At September 30, 2016, these unrealized losses are considered temporary as they reflect changes
in fair values and are subject to change daily as interest rates fluctuate and the Bank has the ability and intent to hold the
securities until the earlier of maturity or recovery. 

The scheduled maturities of debt securities
at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) were as follows: 

13   

       Table of Contents   

4.   LOANS RECEIVABLE  

Loans receivable consist of the following: 

The risks associated with lending activities
differ among the various loan types and are subject to the impact of changes in interest rates, market conditions of collateral
securing the loans, and general economic conditions. All of these factors may adversely impact the borrower s ability to
repay its loans and impact the associated collateral. 

Residential real estate includes mortgage
loans with the underlying one- to four-family or multi-family residential property (primarily owner-occupied) securing the debt.
The Bank s attempt to minimize risk exposure is minimized in these types of loans through the evaluation of the credit worthiness
of the borrower, including debt-to-income ratios and underwriting standards which limit the loans-to-value ratio to generally no
more than 80% unless the borrower obtains private mortgage insurance. 

Residential real estate also includes home
equity loans and lines of credit. These present a slightly higher risk to the Bank than one-to four-family first lien mortgages
as they can be first or second liens on the underlying property. These loans are generally limited with respect to loan-to-value
ratios and the credit worthiness of the borrower is considered including debt-to-income ratios. 

Non-residential real estate includes various
types of loans which have differing levels of credit risk associated with them. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans are
generally dependent upon the successful operation of the borrower s business, with cash flows generated from the business
being the primary source of loan repayment. If the business suffers a downturn in sales or profitability, the borrower s
ability to repay the loan could be in jeopardy. The Bank, attempts to minimize this credit risk through its underwriting standards
which include the credit worthiness of the borrower, a limitation on loan amounts to the value of the property securing the loan,
and an evaluation of debt service coverage ratios. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans present a different credit risk
to the Bank than owner-occupied commercial real estate, as the repayment of the loan is dependent upon the borrower s ability
to generate a sufficient level of occupancy to produce rental income that exceeds debt service requirement and operating expenses.
Lower occupancy or lease rates may result in a reduction in cash flows, which hinder the ability of the borrower to meet debt service
requirements, and may result in lower collateral values. The Bank generally follows the same underwriting standards for these loans
as with owner occupied commercial real estate, but recognizes the greater risk inherent in these credit relationships in its loan
pricing. 

14   

       Table of Contents   

Construction and land loans consist of one-
to four-family residential construction and land loans. The risk of loss on these loans is largely dependent on the Bank s
ability to assess the property s value at the completion of the project. During the construction phase, a number of factors
could potentially negatively impact the collateral value, including cost overruns, delays in completing the project, competition
and real estate market conditions which may change based on the supply of similar properties in the area. In the event the collateral
value at the completion of the project is not sufficient to cover the outstanding loan balance, the Bank must rely upon other repayment
sources, including the borrowers and/or guarantors of the project or other collateral securing the loan. The Bank attempts to mitigate
credit risk through strict underwriting standards including evaluation of the credit worthiness of the borrowers and their success
in other projects, adequate loan-to-value ratios and continual monitoring of the project during its construction phase. 

Consumer loans consist primarily of loans
secured by the borrower s deposit balance at the Bank. As these loans are typically 100% secured by savings and certificate
of deposits, the risk of credit loss is not deemed significant. 

The Bank maintains an allowance for loan
losses at an amount estimated to equal all loan losses incurred in our loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonable to
estimate at a balance sheet date. Our determination as to the classification of our assets is subject to review by the OCC and
the FDIC. We regularly review our asset portfolio to determine whether any assets require classification in accordance with applicable
regulatory guidelines. 

The Bank provides for loan losses based upon
the consistent application of our documented allowance for loan loss methodology. All loan losses are charged to the allowance
for loan losses and all recoveries are credited to it. Additions to the allowance for loan losses are provided by charges to income
based on various factors which, in our judgment, deserve current recognition is estimating probable losses. We regularly review
the loan portfolio and make provisions for loan losses in order to maintain the allowance for loan losses in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). The allowance for loan losses consists of two components: 

Specific allowances  are only established for non-collateral dependent troubled-debt restructured loans and are established
at the modification date of the troubled loan. The specific valuation allowance is computed as the excess of the loan s expected
cash flow based on the remaining original loan terms and the expected cash flow of the corresponding modified loan discounted at
the original loan rate. As long as the borrower performs under the terms of the modification agreement, on a monthly basis we recalculate
the specific valuation using the discounted cash-flow method described above. If the borrower fails to perform under the modification
agreement, we will treat the loan as a collateral dependent and measure the loss by using the fair value of the collateral less
disposition costs.   

Losses on non-modified loans are charged-off in the
month the loss is measured. Non-modified loans are measured for loss at the point the loan becomes 90 to 120 days delinquent or
at maturity if an extension is requested. We obtain a third party appraisal to determine the fair value of the collateral. We measure
these loans for loss by using the fair value of collateral less disposition costs method and if any loss is determined it is charged
off directly. Subsequently, these loans are re-evaluated at least annually by obtaining an updated third party appraisal to determine
if there should be any further loss recognition. 

General allowances  are established for loan losses
                                         on a portfolio basis for loans that do not meet the definition of impaired loans. The
                                         portfolio is grouped into similar risk characteristics, primarily loan type and regulatory
                                         classification. We apply an estimated loss rate using a rolling two year average
                                         to each loan group. The loss rates applied are based upon our loss experience adjusted,
                                         as appropriate, for the qualitative factors discussed below.   

Management s periodic evaluation of
the adequacy of the allowance is based on the Bank s historical loan loss experience, known and inherent losses in the portfolio,
adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, and the estimated value of any underlying collateral.
The historical loss experience is further adjusted for qualitative factors which include: changes in composition of the loan portfolio,
current economic conditions, trends of past due and classified loans, quality of loan review system and Board oversight, existence
and effect of concentrations and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates
that may be susceptible to significant change, including the amounts and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on
impaired loans. 

15   

       Table of Contents   

A loan is considered past due or delinquent
when a contractual payment is not paid on the day it is due. Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when they become
120 days delinquent. We may choose to consider loans from 90 to 119 days delinquent to be non-accrual, and generally do so except
where a borrower has a history of periodically bringing a loan current after being 90 days or more delinquent. If the loan is less
than 90 days delinquent, but information is brought to our attention that indicates the collection of interest is doubtful, the
loan will immediately be considered non-accrual. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it
is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual
terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value
and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment
delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays
and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the
borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount
of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis. If the loan is
deemed collateral dependent, the impairment is measured on the net realizable value of the collateral. If loan repayment is not
deemed collateral dependent, impairment is measured on the net present value of the expected discounted future cash flows. 

The Bank charges off loans after, the loan
or a portion of the loan is deemed to be a loss and the loss amount has been determined. The loss amount is charged to the established
allowance for loan losses. Each loss is evaluated on its specific facts regarding the appropriate timing to recognize the loss. 

Allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) is as follows: 

16   

       Table of Contents   

Allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 (unaudited) is as follows: 

Allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans for
the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

17   

       Table of Contents   

Credit risk profile by internally assigned
classification as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) is as follows: 

Credit risk profile by internally assigned
classification as of December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

Special Mention    A Special Mention asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.
If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the
institution s credit position at some future date. Special Mention assets are not considered adversely classified in accordance
with regulatory guidelines and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification.   

Substandard    Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the
obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize
the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies
are not corrected. These loans include non-accrual loans between 90 to 180 days that may not be individually evaluated for impairment.   

Doubtful    Loans classified Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified Substandard with the
added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions
and values, highly questionable and improbable.   

Loss    Loans classified Loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as bankable
assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value but rather
it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even though partial recovery may be affected
in the future.   

18   

       Table of Contents   

Impaired loans as of the three and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 (unaudited) is as follows: 

19   

       Table of Contents   

Impaired loans as of the three and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 (unaudited) is as follows: 

20   

       Table of Contents   

Impaired loans as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

An aged analysis of past due loans as of September
30, 2016 (unaudited) are as follows: 

21   

       Table of Contents   

An aged analysis of past due loans as
of December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Non-performing loans as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited)
are as follows: 

Non-performing loans as of December 31, 2015 are
as follows: 

Troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs )
are modifications of loans to assist borrowers who are unable to meet the original terms of their loans, in an effort to minimize
the potential loss on the loan. Modifications of the loan terms includes, but is not necessarily limited to: reduction of interest
rates, forgiveness of all or a portion of principal or interest, extension of loan term or other modifications at interest rates
that are less than the current market rate for new obligations with similar risk. If a loan is in non-accrual status at the time
we restructure it and classify the restructure as a troubled debt restructuring, it is our policy to maintain the loan as nonaccrual
until we receive six consecutive payments under the restructured terms. TDR loans that are in compliance with their modified terms
and they yield a market rate may be removed from the TDR status after a period of one year. 

22   

       Table of Contents   

The following includes loans classified
as troubled debt restructurings during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited). 

(Dollars in thousands)          
       Number
    of  Contracts                 
       Pre- 
    modification   Outstanding   Recorded   Investment                 
       Post- 
    modification   Outstanding   Recorded   Investment           
 
     Residential real estate and consumer    
        2       
     $  347       
     $  347     
 
     Non-residential real estate    

Construction and land    

Total    
        2       
     $  347       
     $  347     

For the three months ended September 30,
2015 (unaudited), there were no loans classified as troubled debt restructurings. 

The following includes loans classified as
troubled debt restructurings during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (unaudited). 

(Dollars in thousands)          
       Number
    of   Contracts                 
       Pre- 
    modification   Outstanding   Recorded   Investment                 
       Post- 
    modification   Outstanding   Recorded   Investment           
 
     Residential real estate and consumer    
        7       
     $  844       
     $  844     
 
     Non-residential real estate    

Construction and land    

Total    
        7       
     $  844       
     $  844     

There were no troubled debt restructures
that subsequently defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited). 

Loans serviced by the Bank for the benefit
of others totaled $422,000 and $434,000 at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Consumer mortgage loans collateralized
by residential real estate property that are in the process of foreclosure totaled $5,000 as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited). 

5.   OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED  

The balance in other real estate owned
at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 was zero. 

The activity in residential other real estate owned is as follows: 

23   

       Table of Contents   

6.   DEPOSITS   

Deposits are summarized as follows: 

The aggregate amount of time deposits
in denominations of $250,000 or more as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 was $2,214,000 and $1,575,000,
respectively. Deposit amounts in excess of $250,000 generally are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

At September 30, 2016 (unaudited), the schedule
maturities of certificates of deposit are as follows: 

Executive officers  and directors 
deposits were $498,000 and $609,000 at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

24   

       Table of Contents   

7.   INCOME TAXES   

The sources of deferred tax assets and liabilities
and the tax effect of each are as follows: 

The provision for income taxes is comprised
of the following: 

25   

       Table of Contents   

During 2008, 2009, and 2010, the Bank
sold mutual fund investments that resulted in cumulative capital losses of $799,000. Since management determined that it was unlikely
that the Bank would be able to fully utilize the corresponding deferred tax asset of $315,000 before expiration of the carryforward
period, a valuation allowance was established for 100% of the corresponding deferred tax asset. During the year ended December
31, 2013, capital loss carryforwards of $692,000 and the related deferred tax asset and valuation allowance of $273,000 expired.
During the year ended December 31, 2014, capital loss carryforwards of $101,000 and the related deferred tax asset and valuation
allowance of $40,000 expired. The remaining capital loss carryforwards of $5,000 expired in 2015, as did the respective
related deferred tax assets of approximately $2,000. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank had approximately
$3,300,000 in federal and state net operating loss carryforwards. These net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2032.
Realization depends on generating sufficient taxable income before the expiration of the loss carryforward period. The amount of
the loss carryforward available for any one year may be limited if the Bank is subject to the alternative minimum tax. 

Valuation allowance for deferred taxes
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

As of December 31, 2015 and June 30, 2016,
the Bank had remained in a cumulative loss position for four consecutive years and consequently management reevaluated
the need for a valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset balance.  Management s evaluation included: additional
expenses expected to be incurred as the result of becoming a public company; and the ability to generate sufficient taxable income
to fully realize the Bank s net operating loss carryforwards. Management concluded that it is more likely than not the Bank
will be unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the foreseeable future to fully utilize the cumulative net operating loss
carryforward and, therefore, established a valuation allowance to offset the net operating loss carryforward related deferred
tax asset. 

26   

       Table of Contents   

Management considered the following positive
and negative evidence in its evaluation of the need for a valuation allowance of the remaining deferred tax assets and liabilities
relating to the timing difference in the aggregate of $746,000: the Bank reported taxable income in 2011, 2010 and 2009; the Bank
was able to carry back all of the federal and substantially all of the net operating loss realized in 2012. The Bank had no history
of net operating losses expiring unused. In addition, the local economy of the markets in which the Bank conducts business have
been showing signs of continued improvement over the past two years and was a significant factor when considering the need for
a valuation allowance. During 2015 and 2016, the trends continued to be positive; however, if these trends flatten or reverse,
there is a potential that such negative evidence could outweigh the prevailing positive factors. The Bank hired a new CEO/President
effective September 30, 2016, who has a strong background in Commercial lending/management. In addition, we are actively
searching for additional CRE professionals to add to our staff in order to strengthen our CRE management processes and increase
our loan production. In the fourth quarter of 2016 one of our long term high rate FHLB advances will be maturing and paid
off. Based on the considerations discussed above, the preponderance of positive factors and the mitigation of negative factors,
the Bank concluded that at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016; it was more likely than not that the Bank would be able to
realize in the future the net deferred tax assets related to timing differences. 

8.   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION  

On May 24, 2016, the stockholders of
MB Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) approved the MB Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).
The 2016 Equity Incentive Plan allows for up to 84,640 shares to be issued to employees, officers and directors of the Company
in the form of restricted stock, and up to 211,600 shares to be issued to employees, officers and directors of the Company in
the form of stock options. At September 30, 2016, there were no stock options granted
under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 

On September 30, 2016 the company awarded
2,500 shares of time vested restricted stock to the new President and Chief Executive Officer. The shares vest in
two equal annual installments with the first one half vesting on September 30, 2017, the first anniversary of the date of the
award. The Company recorded no restricted stock awards expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016. As of
September 30, 2016, there was $33,500 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested shares granted under the 2016 equity
incentive plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over the vesting period of 2 years. 

9.   REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS   

The Bank is subject to various regulatory
capital requirements administered by the Federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain
mandatory   and possibly additional discretionary   actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt
corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank s assets,
liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital
amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other
factors. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation
to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of Total and Common
Equity and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital (as defined)
to average assets. Management believes as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 that the Bank met all capital adequacy
requirements to which it is subject. 

27   

       Table of Contents   

As of December 31, 2015, the most recent
notification from the OCC categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action.
To be categorized as well capitalized the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios
as set forth in the table. There are no conditions or events that management believes will adversely affect the Bank s ability
to remain in the well-capitalized category. 

The following table presents the Bank s
capital position based on the September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 financial statements and the current capital
requirements: 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of the Bank s GAAP capital to each major category of regulatory capital for the dates indicated. 

28   

       Table of Contents   

10.   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

The following table presents the components
of other comprehensive gains and losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited). 

The following table presents the changes
in each components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 (unaudited). 

(Dollars in thousands)          
       Securities
      Available-for-  Sale                 
       Accumulated
    Other   Comprehensive   Income           
 
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)    

Balance at Beginning of Period    
     $  37       
     $  37     
 
     Other comprehensive loss    
        (5  )    
        (5  )  
 
     Balance at End of Period    
     $  32       
     $  32     

(Dollars in thousands)          
       Securities
      Available-for-  Sale                 
       Accumulated
    Other   Comprehensive   Income           
 
     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)    

Balance at Beginning of Year    
     $  (11  )    
     $  (11  )  
 
     Other comprehensive gain    
        43       
        43     
 
     Balance at End of Period    
     $  32       
     $  32     

29   

       Table of Contents   

(Dollars in thousands)          
       Securities
      Available-for-  Sale                 
       Accumulated
    Other   Comprehensive   Income           
 
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 (unaudited)    

Balance at Beginning of Period    
     $  7       
     $  7     
 
     Other comprehensive gain    
        15       
        15     
 
     Balance at End of Period    
     $  22       
     $  22     

(Dollars in thousands)          
       Securities
      Available-for-  Sale                 
       Accumulated
    Other   Comprehensive   Income           
 
     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 (unaudited)    

Balance at Beginning of Year    
     $  15       
     $  15     
 
     Other comprehensive gain    
        7       
        7     
 
     Balance at End of Period    
     $  22       
     $  22     

The following table presents the amount
reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Details about
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income      Components          
       Amount
    Reclassified      from Accumulated      Other
    Comprehensive      Income                 
       Affected
    Line Item in the Statement      Where Net Income Is Presented    

September
    30,       2016                 
       September
    30,       2015                 

(Dollars in thousands)          
       (unaudited)                 

Redemption of Investment Securities Available-for-Sale      
     $  (4  )    
     $          
     Realized gain on redemption of investment securities  

2       
                
     Provision for Income Tax  

$  (2  )    
     $          
     Net Loss  

Total Reclassifications for the Period    
     $  (2  )    
     $          
     Net of Tax  

The following table presents the
amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine  months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015: 

Details about Accumulated
    Other Comprehensive Income  Components          
       Amount
    Reclassified  from Accumulated  Other Comprehensive  Income                 
       Affected
    Line Item in the Statement  Where Net Income Is Presented    

September
    30,   2016                 
       September
    30,   2015                 

(Dollars in thousands)          
       (unaudited)                 

Redemption of Investment Securities Available-for-Sale      
     $  (31  )    
     $          
     Realized gain on redemption of investment securities  

11       
                
     Provision for Income Tax  

$  (20  )    
     $          
     Net Loss  

Total Reclassifications for the Period    
     $  (20  )    
     $          
     Net of Tax  

30   

       Table of Contents   

11. EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic per share amounts are based on the weighted average shares
of common stock outstanding. Unearned ESOP shares are not included in outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share assume the
conversion, exercise or issuance of all potential common stock instruments such as options, restricted stock, warrants
and convertible securities, unless the effect is to reduce a loss or increase earnings per share. The basic and diluted weighted
average shares outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:   

31   

       Table of Contents   

There were no anti-dilutive shares excluded from the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 diluted earnings per share calculations. 

32   

       Table of Contents   

12.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   

Effective January 1, 2009, the Bank
adopted the Guidance in ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures .  ASC Topic 820 which provides
a framework for measuring and disclosing fair value under GAAP. ASC Topic 820 requires disclosures about the fair value of assets
and liabilities recognized in the balance sheet in periods subsequent to initial recognition, whether the measurements are made
on a recurring basis (for example, available-for-sale investment securities) or a nonrecurring basis (for example, impaired loans). 

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC Topic 820
also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 

The Bank utilizes fair value measurements
to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available-for-sale is recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Bank may be required to record at fair value all other
assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as loans held for sale, loans held for investment and certain other assets. These nonrecurring
fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the information used to develop those assumptions. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs    Unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs    Inputs other than quoted
prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability, such as interest rates and the yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. 

Level 3 Inputs    Unobservable inputs
for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 

The following is a description of valuation
methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value: 

Investment   Securities Available-for-Sale.
 Investment securities available-for-sale ( AFS ) is recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement
is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing
models or other model-based valuation techniques such as present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s
credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded
on an active exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active
over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage backed securities issued by government sponsored
entities, municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in illiquid
markets. 

Loans.  The Bank does not report loans
at fair value on a recurring basis, however, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for credit loss
is established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual
terms of the loan are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment in
accordance with ASC Topic 450   Contingencies  . The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several
methods, including the collateral value, market value of similar debt, enterprise value, liquidation value and discounted cash
flows. Those impaired loans not requiring a specific allowance represent loans for which the fair value of expected repayments
or collateral exceed the recorded investment in such loans. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, substantially all of the
totally impaired loans were evaluated based upon the fair value of the collateral. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, impaired loans
where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When
the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value, the Bank records the loan
as nonrecurring Level 3. When an appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is
further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price, the Company records the loan as nonrecurring
Level 3. 

33   

       Table of Contents   

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring
basis are included in the table below: 

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) Using:     
 
     Description (Dollars in thousands)    
     Fair Value   September 30,   2016       
     Quoted Prices   in Active   Markets for   Identical Assets 
(Level 1)       
     Other   Observable   Inputs   (Level 2)       
     Significant   Unobservable   Inputs   (Level 3)       
     Total Changes   in Fair Values   Included in   Period   Earnings     

Investments (available-for-sale):    

FFCB Bonds    
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $        
 
     Mortgage-backed securities:    

FHLMC Certificates    
        640       
                
        640       

FNMA Certificates    
        96       
                
        96       

GNMA  Certificates    
        702       
                
        702       

Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis    
     $  1,438       
     $          
     $  1,438       
     $          
     $        

34   

       Table of Contents   

The Bank may be required from time to
time, to measure certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These include assets that are measured
at the lower of cost or market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period. Assets measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis are included in the table below: 

The significant unobservable inputs (Level
3) are determined by using either an updated appraisal determining the fair value of the collateral or the net present value of
the expected discounted future cash flows methodology. Loans were modified based on the expected cash flows with modified terms
and rates ranging from 3.00% to 4.00% discounted at contractual rates ranging from 5.25% to 7.375%. 

During the second quarter of 2016, management
reevaluated its fair value leveling methodology and the inputs utilized in determining the valuation of impaired loans for the
current and prior periods. Management concluded that due to the significant reliance on observable inputs, the fair values of its
impaired loans should be classified as level 3 rather than level 2 as previously disclosed. Therefore impaired loans with a fair
value of $6.4 million as of December 31, 2015, were reclassified from level 2 to level 3. 

The significant unobservable inputs (Level
3) are determined by using either an updated appraisal determining the fair value of the collateral or the net present value of
the expected discounted future cash flows methodology. Loans were modified based on the expected cash flows with modified terms
and rates ranging from 3.00% to 4.00% discounted at contractual rates ranging from 5.25% to 7.375%. 

35   

       Table of Contents   

In accordance with the disclosure requirements
of ASC Topic 825, the estimated fair values of financial instruments at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015
are as follows: 

36   

       Table of Contents   

The following methods and assumptions
were used to estimate the fair value disclosures for financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31,
2015: 

Cash, Interest-Bearing Deposits and Federal Funds Sold
and Other Interest-Bearing Deposits in Other Banks    

The amounts reported in the balance sheet
approximate the fair value of these assets. 

Investment Securities    

The fair values are based on the quoted market
prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair value is measured using independent pricing models or other model-based
valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment
assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Stock    

The par value of Federal Home Loan Bank stock
report on the balance sheet is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Accrued Interest Payable   

The amounts reported in the balance sheet
approximate the fair value of these assets and liabilities. 

Loans, Deposits and Federal Home Loan Bank Advances    

Loans receivable were discounted using a
single discount rate, comparing the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings
and for the same remaining maturities. The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts and money market deposits is the amount
payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using the rates
currently offered on deposits of similar remaining maturities. The fair value of Federal Home Loan Bank advances is estimated using
rates currently offered on advances of similar remaining maturities. 

Bank-Owned Life Insurance   

The amounts reported in the balance sheet
approximate the fair value of these assets. 

37   

       Table of Contents   

Item 2.  

  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  

  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Forward-Looking Statements   

When used
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the words or phrases  will likely result,   are expected to,   will
continue,   is anticipated,   estimate,   project  or similar expressions are intended
to identify  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties including changes in economic conditions in the Company s
market area, changes in policies by regulatory agencies, fluctuations in interest rates, demand for loans in the Company s
market area, competition and information provided by third-party vendors and the matters described herein under  Item 1A.
Risk Factors  in the Annual Report on Form 10-K that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results
and those presently anticipated or projected. The Company wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company wishes to advise readers that the factors listed above could affect
the Company s financial performance and could cause the Company s actual results for future periods to differ materially
from any opinions or statements expressed with respect to future periods in any current statements.  

The Company
does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be made
to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events.  

General  

MB
Bancorp, Inc.    MB Bancorp (the  Company ) was incorporated in August 2014 to be the holding company for Madison
Bank of Maryland (the  Bank ) following the Bank s conversion from the mutual to the stock form of ownership.
On December 29, 2014, the mutual to stock conversion was completed and the Bank became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Also on that date, the Company sold and issued 2,116,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $10.00 per share, through which
the Company received net offering proceeds of $20,165,000. The Company s principal business activity is the ownership of
the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Bank. The Company does not own or lease any property, but instead uses the premises,
equipment and other property of the Bank, with the payment of appropriate rental fees, as required by applicable law and regulations,
under the terms of an expense allocation agreement entered into with the Bank. 

Madison
Bank of Maryland.    Madison Bank of Maryland is the product of the merger of three institutions, The Back  
Middle River Building and Loan Association, Inc. (founded in 1912), Madison   Bradford Federal Savings   Loan
Association (founded in 1904) and Bohemian American Federal Savings   Loan Association (founded in 1899). In 2002,
Bohemian American merged with Madison   Bradford, at which time we changed our name to Madison Bradford/Bohemian American
Savings Bank, and in 2004 we shortened our name to Madison Bohemian Savings Bank. In 2006, Back   Middle River merged
into Madison Bohemian. In 2009, we adopted our current name, Madison Bank of Maryland. 

Madison Bank
of Maryland is a community-oriented financial institution, dedicated to serving the financial service needs of customers within
its market area, which consists of Baltimore and Harford counties in Maryland. We offer a variety of deposit products and provide
loans secured by real estate located primarily in our market area. Our real estate loans consist primarily of residential mortgage
loans, as well as non-residential real estate loans, construction and land loans and home equity lines of credit. We currently
operate out of our corporate headquarters and main office in Forest Hill, Maryland and two full-service branch offices located
in Aberdeen and Perry Hall, Maryland. We are subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, our primary federal regulator, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, our deposit insurer.
At September 30, 2016, we had total assets of $136.2 million, total deposits of $93.6 million and total equity of $31.7 million. 

38   

       Table of Contents   

Our executive
offices are located at 1920 Rock Spring Road, Forest Hill, Maryland 21050. The telephone number is (410) 420-9600. 

Available Information  

The Bank maintains
an internet website at  http://www.mbofmd.com . The Company makes available its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
as well as other information related to the Company. SEC reports are available on this site as soon as reasonably practicable
after electronically filed. The SEC s website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended
to be incorporated into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

We consider
accounting policies involving significant judgments and assumptions by management that have, or could have, a material impact on
the carrying value of certain assets or on income to be critical accounting policies. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses.    The allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to cover losses
inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses,
which is charged to income. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses necessarily involves a high degree of
judgment. Among the material estimates required to establish the allowance are: loss exposure at default; the amount and
timing of future cash flows on impaired loans; value of collateral; and determination of loss factors to be applied to the
various elements of the portfolio. All of these estimates are susceptible to significant change. Management reviews the level
of the allowance at least quarterly and establishes the provision for loan losses based upon an evaluation of the portfolio,
past loss experience, current economic conditions and other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio.
Annually, management has a third party perform an independent assessment of the methodology and adequacy of the allowance.
Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments
to the allowance may be necessary if economic or other conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making
the evaluation. In addition, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, as an integral part of its examination process,
periodically reviews our allowance for loan losses and may require us to recognize adjustments to the allowance based on its
judgments about information available to it at the time of its examination. A large loss could deplete the allowance and
require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would adversely affect earnings. 

Other-Than-Temporary
Impairment.    Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) on a monthly basis,
and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. The investment securities portfolio is evaluated
for OTTI by segregating the portfolio into two general segments and applying the appropriate OTTI model. Investment securities
classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are generally evaluated for OTTI under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
ASC 320,   Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities .  

In determining
OTTI under the ASC 320 model, management considers many factors, including: (1) the length of time and the extent to which the
fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (3) whether the market decline
was affected by macroeconomic conditions, and (4) whether the entity has the intent to sell the debt security or more likely than
not will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. The assessment of whether an other-than-temporary
decline exists involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and is based on the information available to management at a
point in time. 

39   

       Table of Contents   

When OTTI occurs
the amount of the OTTI recognized in earnings depends on whether we intend to sell the security or it is more likely than not we
will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, less any current-period credit loss. If an entity
intends to sell or it is more likely than not it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis,
less any current-period credit loss, the OTTI will be recognized in earnings equal to the entire difference between the investment s
amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. If an entity does not intend to sell the security and it is
not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis less
any current-period loss, the OTTI will be separated into the amount representing the credit loss and the amount related to all
other factors. The amount of the total OTTI related to the credit loss is determined based on the present value of cash flows expected
to be collected and is recognized in earnings. The amount of the total OTTI related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive
income, net of applicable taxes. The previous amortized cost basis less the OTTI recognized in earnings becomes the new amortized
cost basis of the investment. 

Deferred
Tax Assets.    We account for income taxes under the asset/liability method. Deferred tax assets are recognized for the future
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases, as well as operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period indicated by the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when, in the judgment of management,
it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not become realizable. The judgment about the level of future taxable
income is dependent to a great extent on matters that may, at least in part, be beyond our control. It is at least reasonably possible
that management s judgment about the need for a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets could change in the near term. 

Balance Sheet Analysis  

Assets.
   At September 30, 2016, our assets totaled $136.2 million, a decrease of $4.0 million, or 2.8%, from total assets of $140.2
million at December 31, 2015. The decrease in assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due mainly to: a
$7.2 million, or 39.6% decrease in other interest-bearing deposits in other banks, a $7.1 million, or 83.0% decrease in investment
securities available for sale, and a $3.4 million, or 3.7% decrease in loans, net, partially offset by a $11.0 million, or 120.2%,
increase in investment securities held to maturity and a $3.1 million, or 82.1% increase in cash and cash equivalents.  

Loans.
   At September 30, 2016, residential mortgage loans totaled $75.8 million, or 82.7% of the total loan portfolio compared
to $78.7 million, or 82.4% of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2015. Residential mortgage loans decreased by $2.9 million,
or 3.66%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to weak loan demand in our market area. 

Non-residential
real estate loans totaled $7.5 million, or 8.2% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $8.3 million, or 8.7% of
total loans, at December 31, 2015. 

Construction and land loans
totaled $4.7 million, and represented 5.1% of total loans, at September 30, 2016, compared to $4.8 million, or 5% of total
loans, at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, we had $1.5 million of construction loans, amounting to 31.2% of our
construction and land loan portfolio, and $3.2 million of land loans, amounting to 68.8% of our construction and land loan
portfolio. 

Home equity
lines of credit, all of which are secured by residential properties, totaled $3.7 million, or 4.0% of total loans, at September
30, 2016, compared to $3.7 million, or 3.9% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. 

40   

       Table of Contents   

Our non-real
estate loans consist of consumer loans, all of which are loans to depositors, secured by savings. Such loans totaled $20,000 at
September, 2016, representing less than .02% of the loan portfolio. 

Securities.
   At September 30, 2016, our securities held-to-maturity increased by $11.0 million, or 120.2%, from $9.1 million at December
31, 2015 to $20.1 million at September 30, 2016. The increase is due to the purchase of Federal Farm Credit Bureau bonds and Federal
Home Loan Bank bonds. The bond growth was a reinvestment of repayments of securities, loan payoffs and loan
amortizations. The Bank purchases securities until the demand for loan volume increases. Securities held-to-maturity at September
30, 2016 consisted of bonds issued by Federal Home Loan Bank, Fannie Mae and the Federal Farm Credit Bureau as well as mortgage-backed
securities issued by Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae. At September 30, 2016, our securities available-for-sale at fair value
decreased by $7.1 million, or 83.0%, from $8.5 million at December 31, 2015 to $1.4 million at September 30, 2016. Securities available-for-sale
at September 30, 2016 consisted of mortgage-backed securities issued by Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae. Our securities
portfolio is used to invest excess funds for increased yield and manage interest rate risk. At September 30, 2016 other interest-bearing
deposits in other banks decreased by $7.2 million, or 39.6% from $18.3 million at December 31, 2015 to $11.1 million at September
30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, we also held a $546,000 investment in the common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. 

Ground
Rents.    Ground rents, net amounted to $676,000 at September 30, 2016 compared to $695,000 at December 31, 2015. 

Deposits.
   Total deposits increased by $900,000, or 1.0%, to $93.6 million at September 30, 2016  from
$92.7 million at December 31, 2015. Balances in non-interest-bearing deposits decreased by $312,000, or  17.8 %,
from $1.8 million at December 31, 2015 to $1.4 million at September 30, 2016. Interest-bearing deposits increased by $1.2 million,
or 1.4%, to $92.2 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $90.9 million at December 31, 2015.  

Borrowings.
   Borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta decreased by $2.0 million, or 16.7%, to $10.0 million at September
30, 2016 from $12.0 million at December 31, 2015. We paid off a 5.07%, long term FHLB advance that matured in July 2016. 

Equity.    Equity
decreased by $3.2 million, or 9.0%, to $31.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $34.9 million at December 31, 2015 primarily
as the result of the $2.8 million repurchase of 211,600 shares of common stock during the second quarter of 2016 and net
losses of $517,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

41   

       Table of Contents   

Results of Operations for the
Three Months Ended September, 2016 and 2015  

Overview.
  We had a net loss of $346,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net loss of $305,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increased net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to
a decrease in net interest income and an increase in non-interest expense, offset by a decrease in income tax expense. 

Net Interest
Income.    Net interest income decreased by $100,000, or 11.0%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in net interest income was primarily attributable to a decrease in the
average balance of interest-earning assets. The decrease in the average balance of interest-earning assets was due primarily to
a $10.8 million or 43.3% decrease in the average balance of interest bearing deposits in other banks and a $5.5 million or 5.7%
decrease in the average balance of loans receivable, net of unearned fees (due to loan payoffs and intense competition in our market
area during the three months ended September 30, 2016), partially offset by a $4.6 million increase in the average balance of investment
securities held-to-maturity. 

Interest on
loans receivable, net of unearned fees decreased by $157,000, or 14.7%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the comparable period in 2015, due to a $5.5 million decrease in the average balance and an 42 basis point decrease in the average
yield from 4.41% at September 30, 2015 to 3.99% at September 30, 2016. 

Interest on
investment securities held-to-maturity increased by $71,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the comparable
period in 2015. There was a 98 basis point increase in the average yield from 3.19% for the three months ended September
30, 2015 to 4.17% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a $4.6 million increase in the average balance. 

Interest on certificates of
deposit increased by $13,000, or 7.9%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015, due to a 12 basis point increase in the average cost of certificates of deposit. 

Interest on
Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances decreased by $19,000, or 14.8%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, due
to a $1.4 million, or 12.0%, decrease in the average balance of Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances. In July 2016, we began
paying off the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances with longer terms that carried high interest rates, which decreased the
average cost of funds by 12 basis points. 

At September
30, 2016, we had $10.0 million in advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta, which mature between October 2016 and September
2017 and carry interest rates ranging from 3.65% to 4.40% with a weighted average interest rate of 3.98%. Paying off such advances
in full at September 30, 2016, we would have incurred prepayment penalties totaling approximately $194,000. To date we have elected
not to prepay any of these long-term advances. However, while such advances remain outstanding they will continue to have a negative
effect on our interest rate spread. 

42   

       Table of Contents   

Average Balances and Yields.
   The following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts
of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest expense on average
interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated
are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented.
Average balances have been calculated using daily balances for 2016 and 2015, and non-accrual loans are included in average balances
only. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are insignificant. Any adjustments necessary to present yields on
a tax-equivalent basis are insignificant. 

43   

       Table of Contents   

Provision
for Loan Losses.    We had a reversal for loan losses of $6,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
a reversal for loan losses of $5,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The 2016 and 2015 reversals were due to the
repayment of troubled debt restructured loans in compliance with their modified terms. At September 30, 2016, the allowance for
loan losses was $1.2 million, or 1.33% of the total loan portfolio, compared to $1.6 million, or 1.63% of the total loan portfolio,
at December 31, 2015. 

Non-accrual
loans amounted to $2.2 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $1.9 million at December 31, 2015. As a percentage of non-performing
loans and accruing troubled debt restructurings, the allowance for loan losses was 21.37% at September 30, 2016 compared to 28.09%
at December 31, 2015. There were net loan charge offs of $2,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net
loan charge-offs of $98,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Non-interest
Income.    Total non-interest income decreased by $19,000, or 31.7%, from $60,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015 to $41,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in total non-interest income was due to a $10,000
decrease in fees and charges on loans and an $8,000 decrease in gain on sale of real estate held for sale. 

Non-interest
Expenses.    Total non-interest expenses increased by $221,000, or 19.7%. We had non-interest expenses of $1.3 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase primarily
was attributable to a $289,000 increase in salaries and employee benefits (due to the severance agreement for the prior president),
a $28,000 increase in legal and professional fees and a $13,000 increase in data processing and other outside services, partially
offset by a $96,000 decrease in provision for loss on other real estate owned. 

Income Tax Expense.   We
had an income tax benefit of $141,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and an income tax expense of $157,000
during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The change in various temporary differences had the effect of reducing
our NOL, which then caused the valuation allowance to be reduced, which caused a tax benefit to be recorded. For 2015,
the deferred tax asset related to net operating losses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2015, which
increased the valuation allowance and caused an income tax expense to be recorded instead of an income tax benefit normally
associated with a net loss. 

44   

       Table of Contents   

Results of Operations for the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Overview.
  We had a net loss of $517,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net loss of $740,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The reduced net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the
reversal of the unallocated loan loss reserve established September 2014, and a decrease in income tax expense, offset by a decrease
in net interest income and an increase in non-interest expenses. 

Net
Interest Income.    Net interest income decreased by $230,000, or 8.5%, for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in net interest income was primarily attributable
to a decrease in the average balance of interest-earning assets. The decrease in the average balance of interest-earning assets
was due primarily to a $8.9 million or 35.9% decrease in the average balance of interest bearing deposits in other banks and a
$6.9 million or 7.0% decrease in the average balance of loans receivable, net of unearned fees (due to weak loan demand in our
market area during the nine months ended September 30, 2016), partially offset by a $2.6 million increase in the average balance
of investment securities available-for-sale and a $7.4 million increase in the average balance of investment securities held-to-maturity. 

Interest on
loans receivable, net of unearned fees decreased by $378,000, or 11.9%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the comparable period in 2015, due to a $6.9 million decrease in the average balance and an 23 basis point decrease in the average
yield from 4.24% at September 30, 2015 to 4.01% at September 30, 2016. The decrease in average yield is due to higher yielding
loan payoffs being replaced by lower yielding originations. 

Interest on
investment securities available-for-sale increased by $56,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the comparable
period in 2015. There was a $2.6 million increase in the average balance of investment securities available-for-sale. 

Interest on
investment securities held-to-maturity increased by $146,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the comparable
period in 2015. There was a $7.4 million increase in the average balance of investment securities held-to-maturity. 

Interest on certificates of
deposit increased by $32,000, or 6.4%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, due to a 12 basis point increase in the average cost of certificates of deposit. 

Interest on
Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances decreased by $21,000, or 5.5%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, due
to a $2.1 million, or 15.3%, decrease in the average balance of Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances, which was partially
offset by a 44 basis point increase in the average cost of Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances. In the first quarter of
2015, we began paying off the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta advances with relatively short terms that carried low interest
rates, which had the effect of increasing average cost of funds. 

45   

       Table of Contents   

Average
Balances and   Yields  .    The following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities,
the total dollar amounts of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amounts of interest
expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting annualized average yields and costs. The yields and costs for
the periods indicated are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively,
for the periods presented. Average balances have been calculated using daily balances for 2016 and 2015, and non-accrual loans
are included in average balances only. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans and are insignificant. Any adjustments
necessary to present yields on a tax-equivalent basis are insignificant. 

46   

       Table of Contents   

Provision
for Loan Losses.    We had a reversal for loan losses of $257,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to a reversal for loan losses of $4,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The reduction
in provision for loan losses was due primarily to the reversal of the  unallocated reserve of $250,000. The unallocated
reserve was established in September 2014 for properties in the process of foreclosure to cover potential interior damage that
may not have been reflected in the exterior only appraisals. Since the Bank sold all other real estate owned (REO) properties,
the Bank reduced this unallocated reserve that was no longer needed.  The 2015 provision was principally
the result of loan charge offs, REO payoffs and writedowns and new troubled debt modifications. At September 30, 2016, the allowance
for loan losses was $1.2 million, or 1.33% of the total loan portfolio, compared to $1.6 million, or 1.63% of the total loan portfolio,
at December 31, 2015.  

Non-accrual
loans amounted to $2.2 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $1.9 million at December 31, 2015. As a percentage of non-performing
loans and accruing troubled debt restructurings, the allowance for loan losses was 21.37% at September 30, 2016 compared to 28.09%
at December 31, 2015.There were net loan charge offs of $85,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net
loan charge-offs of $105,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Non-interest
Income.    Total non-interest income increased by $4,000, or 2.7%, from $148,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 to $152,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase in total non-interest income was due to a $31,000 gain
on calls of securities. 

Non-interest
Expenses.    Total non-interest expenses increased by $57,000, or 1.7%. We had non-interest expenses of $3.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $3.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase primarily
was attributable to a $229,000 increase in salaries and employee benefits (due to the severance agreement for the prior president)
and a $41,000 increase in data processing and other outside services, offset by a $147,000 decrease in provision for loss on other
real estate owned, a $30,000 decrease in advertising and marketing related expenses, and a $16,000 decrease in legal and professional
fees. 

Income Tax Expense.  
We had an income tax expense of $9,000 and $262,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
change in various temporary differences had the effect of reducing our NOL, which then caused the valuation allowance to be
reduced, which caused a tax benefit to be recorded. For 2015, the deferred tax asset related to net operating losses increased
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which increased the valuation allowance and caused an income tax expense to be
recorded instead of an income tax benefit normally associated with a net loss. 

Analysis of Non-performing and Classified
Assets.    We consider repossessed assets, non-accrual loans and
ground rents delinquent in excess of three years to be non-performing assets. Loans generally are placed on non-accrual status
when they become 120 days delinquent.   We may choose to consider loans from 90 to 119 days delinquent
to be non-accrual, and generally do so except where a borrower has a history of periodically bringing a loan current after being
90 days or more delinquent  or if there are extenuating circumstances.  If
the loan is less than 90 days delinquent, but information is brought to our attention that indicates the collection of interest
is doubtful, the loan will immediately be considered non-accrual. When a loan is deemed non-accrual, the accrual of interest ceases
and the allowance for any uncollectible accrued interest is established and charged against interest income. Typically, payments
received on a non-accrual loan are first applied to unpaid interest and thereafter, in order, to escrow payments, the outstanding
principal balance and late charges.   

Real estate that we acquire as a result
of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as other real estate owned until it is sold. When property is acquired
it is recorded at the fair market value at the date of foreclosure less estimated selling costs. Any holding costs and declines
in fair value after acquisition of the property result in charges against income. 

47   

       Table of Contents   

The following
table provides information with respect to our non-performing assets at the dates indicated. 

48   

       Table of Contents   

At September 30, 2016 non-accrual loans
consisted of 21 residential mortgage loans totaling $977,000, three non-residential loans totaling $1.2 million, one construction
and land loan totaling $36,000. The increase in non-performing loans at September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015
is primarily the result of five new non-performing loans totaling $416,000. We had two loans 90 days or more but still accruing
at September 30, 2016 and no loans 90 days or more but still accruing at December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, our largest non-performing
loan relationships consisted of a $933,000 loan secured by a first mortgage on a church in Baltimore City. We restructured the
loan to reduce the interest rate on the loan, and this loan was considered non-accrual at September 30, 2016 as the borrower had
not made six consecutive monthly payments under the restructured terms. We also had a $23,000 loan secured by a third mortgage
on this church. The loan secured by the third mortgage was accruing at September 30, 2016, and we receive certain rental payments
that are paid directly to us to meet the debt service requirements on that loan. 

We occasionally modify loans to extend
the term or make other concessions to help borrowers stay current on their loans and to avoid foreclosure. We do not forgive principal
or interest on loans but have modified the interest rates on loans to rates that are below market rates. In the case of non-residential
mortgage loans or large residential mortgage loans, before agreeing to modify a loan, we perform a financial analysis of the borrower
to determine that the borrower will be able to comply with the terms of the loan as restructured. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, we had $3.5 million and $3.7 million, respectively, in modified loans, which are also referred to as troubled debt restructurings,
on which we continue to accrue interest. 

If a loan is in non-accrual status at the
time we restructure it and classify the restructure as a troubled debt restructuring, it is our policy to maintain the loan as
non-accrual until we receive six consecutive monthly payments under the restructured terms. 

At September 30, 2016, our largest accruing
troubled debt restructured loan was a $1.7 million land loan secured by multiple waterfront lots in Queen Anne s County
on the Eastern shore of the Chesapeake Bay. Because of difficulties experienced by the borrower, we restructured this loan to
lower the interest rate and defer outstanding amounts, and the borrower has made payments in accordance with the restructured
terms, so the loan was considered accruing at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the borrower had a second loan with an
outstanding balance of $52,000 secured by the same property. The borrower is seeking to sell the property securing these loans.
In 2014 and 2015, we received updated appraisals indicating impairments of $634,000 and $5,000, respectively. Accordingly, the
impairment losses were charged off. Both loans will mature November 1, 2016. 

Interest income that would have been recorded
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 had non-accrual loans been current according to their original terms, amounted
to approximately $41,000 and $65,000, respectively. Interest income of $272,000 and $372,000 related to non-accrual loans was included
in interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, we had no other
real estate owned. 

49   

       Table of Contents   

Analysis
of Loan Loss Experience.    The following table sets forth an analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated. 

Liquidity
Management.    Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our primary
sources of funds available to meet short-term liquidity needs consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments and maturities and sales
of investment securities. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds,
deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

We regularly
adjust our investments in liquid assets available to meet short-term liquidity needs based upon our assessment of (i) expected
loan demand, (ii) expected deposit flows, (iii) yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities, and (iv) the objectives
of our asset/liability management policy. We do not have long-term debt or other financial obligations that would create long-term
liquidity concerns. 

Our most liquid
assets are cash and cash equivalents and interest-bearing deposits. The level of these assets depends on our operating, financing,
lending and investing activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $6.8 million.
Securities classified as available-for-sale amounting to $1.4 million at September 30, 2016, provide an additional source of liquidity.
In addition, at September 30, 2016, we had the ability to borrow a total of approximately $33.9 million from the Federal Home Loan
Bank of Atlanta. At September 30, 2016, we had $10 million in Federal Home Loan Bank advances outstanding. In addition, we maintain
a $2.5 million line of credit with another bank and access to the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window. No amounts were outstanding
under such lines of credit at September 30, 2016. 

50   

       Table of Contents   

At September
30, 2016, we had $746,000 in commitments to extend credit outstanding. Certificates of deposit due by December 31, 2016 totaled
$6.8 million, or 12.1% of certificates of deposit. We believe the large percentage of certificates of deposit that mature within
one year reflects customers  hesitancy to invest their funds for long periods due to the recent low interest rate environment
and local competitive pressures. If these maturing deposits do not remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of
funds, including other certificates of deposit and borrowings. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher
rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before December 31, 2016.
We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion of our certificates of deposit will remain with us. We
have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. 

Our
primary investing activities are the origination of loans and the purchase of investment securities. Our primary financing activity
is in deposit accounts. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and product offered
by us and our local competitors and other factors. We generally manage the pricing of our deposits to be competitive. Occasionally,
we offer promotional rates on certain deposit products to attract deposits. 

Financing and Investing Activities  

Capital
Management.    We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency, including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and
a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories.
At September 30, 2016, we exceeded all of our regulatory capital requirements and were considered  well capitalized 
under regulatory guidelines. 

The capital
from the offering significantly increased our liquidity and capital resources. Over time, the initial level of liquidity will be
reduced as net proceeds from the stock offering are used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of lending activities.
Our financial condition and results of operations was enhanced by the capital from the offering, resulting in increased net interest-earning
assets and income. However, the large increase in equity resulting from the capital raised in the offering, initially, has had
an adverse impact on our return on equity. Going forward, we may use capital management tools such as cash dividends and common
share repurchases. During the six months ended June 30, 2016, we repurchased 211,600 shares of our common stock at a total cost
of $2.8 million. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements.    In the normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying
degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers 
requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments, unused lines of credit and letters of credit. 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

51   

       Table of Contents   

Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

This item is not applicable as
the Company is a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

(a)    Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company s
management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in
the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
(1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2)
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b)    Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were
no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

(c)    Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were
no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

52   

       Table of Contents   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

The Company is not
involved in any pending legal proceedings other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. The
Company s management believes that such routine legal proceedings, in the aggregate, are immaterial to the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

For information regarding
the Company s risk factors, see the section entitled  Risk Factors  included in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Form 10-K ) (File No. 000-55341). As of September 30,
2016, the risk factors of the Company have not changed materially from those disclosed in the Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Not applicable 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

3.1  
      Articles of Incorporation of MB Bancorp, Inc. (1)   

3.2  
      Bylaws of MB Bancorp, Inc. (1)   

10.1 
     Two-Year Change in Control Agreement dated September 30, 2016 by and between Madison
    Bank of Maryland, Philip P.  Phillips and MB Bancorp, Inc.  

31.1  
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer   

31.2  
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

32.0  
      Section 1350 Certifications   

101.0  
      The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

____________________ 

53   

       Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

MB BANCORP, INC.   

Dated: November
    14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Philip P. Phillips   

Philip P. Phillips   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

Dated: November
    14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Robin L. Taylor   

Robin L. Taylor   

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

54   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 t1602599_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

MADISON BANK OF MARYLAND  

TWO-YEAR CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT  

THIS AGREEMENT 
is entered into as of  September 30, 2016 , by and between the   Madison Bank of Maryland   (the  Bank ),
  Philip Phillips   (the  Executive ) and   MB Bancorp, Inc.   (the  Company ), a Maryland
corporation and the holding company of the Bank, as guarantor (the  Agreement ). 

WHEREAS , the
Bank recognizes the importance of Executive to the Bank s operations and wishes to protect his position with the Bank in
the event of a change in control of the Bank or the Company for the period provided for in this Agreement. 

NOW THEREFORE, 
in consideration of these premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto agree as follows. 

1.    Term of Agreement.    

(a)          The
term of this Agreement shall include: (i) the initial term, consisting of the period commencing on the date of this Agreement (the
 Effective Date ) and ending on the second anniversary of the Effective Date, plus (ii) any and all extensions of the
initial term made pursuant to Section 1(b) of this Agreement. 

(b)          Commencing
on or before the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Bank ( Board ) or designated
committee of the Board will review Executive s performance for purposes of determining whether to extend the term of this
Agreement beyond the expiration date set forth in Section 1(a) of this Agreement, or as extended under this Section 1(b). 

2.    Change in Control.    

(a)          Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined in paragraph (b) of this Section) and termination of Executive s employment,
other than for Just Cause (as defined in paragraph (c) of this Sections), in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the provisions
of Section 3 of this Agreement shall apply. 

Upon the occurrence
of a Change in Control, Executive shall have the right to elect to voluntarily terminate his employment at any time during the
term of this Agreement following an event constituting  Good Reason.  

Good Reason  means, unless
Executive has consented in writing thereto, the occurrence following a Change in Control, of any of the following: 

(i)     a
material diminution of the Executive s base salary (unless the reduction is part of a Bank-wide or executive-level restructuring
of compensation), 

(ii)    a material
diminution of the Executive s authority, duties, or responsibilities, or 

(iii)   a change
in the geographic location at which the Executive must perform services for the Bank by more than 25 miles from such location at
the Effective Date. 

The Executive must give notice to the Company
or the Bank of the existence of one or more of the conditions described above within sixty (60) days after the initial existence
of the condition, and the Company or the Bank shall have thirty (30) days thereafter to remedy the condition. In addition, the
Executive s voluntary termination with Good Reason must occur within 90 days after the initial existence of one or more of
the conditions set forth in (i)   (iii) above. 

(b)          For
purposes of this Agreement, a  Change in Control  means a change in control of the Bank or the Company as defined in
Internal Revenue Section 409A of the Code and rules, regulations, and guidance of general application thereunder issued by the
Department of the Treasury, including a  change in ownership,   change in effective control  or  change
in ownership of a substantial portion of assets.  

(c)          Executive
shall not have the right to receive termination benefits pursuant to Section 3 hereof upon termination for Just Cause. The term
 Just Cause  shall mean termination because of Executive s personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct,
any breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any
law, rule, regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease and desist order, or any material breach
of any provision of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Just
Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to him a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the entire membership of the Board of Directors (excluding the Executive if the Executive is then serving as a member
of the Board of Directors) at a meeting of the Board of Directors called and held for that purpose (after reasonable notice to
Executive and an opportunity for him, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board of Directors), finding that in the good
faith opinion of the Board of Directors, Executive was guilty of conduct justifying termination for Just Cause and specifying the
particulars thereof in detail. Executive shall not have the right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after
termination for Just Cause. 

3.    Termination Benefits.  

(a)          If
within one (1) year before or after a Change in Control, Executive s employment is involuntarily terminated for reasons other
than Just Cause or Executive elects to terminate his employment for  Good Reason  (in accordance with Section 2(a)
of this Agreement) Executive shall receive: 

(i)  a lump sum cash payment equal to three (3) times the Executive s then current base salary,
or his base salary as of the date of the Change in Control, whichever is greater. In addition to the cash severance benefit provided
for under this   

Section 3(a)(i) the Bank shall
provide or cause to be provided post-termination insurance coverage described in Section 3(a)(ii) below, subject to the provisions
of Section 3(c) of this Agreement. 

(ii)  Continued health and dental insurance coverage for Executive and his dependents at the Bank s
expense. The health and dental insurance coverage shall continue until the first to occur: (x) Executive s attainment of
age 65, (y) Executive s death or (z) twelve (12) months after Executive s termination of employment. To the extent
that benefits required under this Section 3(a)(ii) cannot be provided under the terms of any employee benefit plan maintained by
the Bank or a successor to the Bank, the Bank (or its successor) shall pay to the Executive in a single lump sum an amount in cash
equal to the present value of the Bank s projected cost to maintain that particular insurance benefit (and associated income
tax gross-up benefit, if applicable) had the Executive s employment not terminated, assuming continued coverage for twelve
(12) months.   

(b)            Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement, in the event that the aggregate payments or benefits to be made or afforded to the Executive
under this Agreement or otherwise, which are deemed to be parachute payments as defined in Section 280G of the Code or any successor
thereof (the  Termination Benefits ), would be deemed to include an  excess parachute payment  under Section
280G of the Code, then the Termination Benefits shall be reduced to a value which is one dollar ($1.00) less than an amount equal
to three (3) times the Executive s  base amount,  as determined in accordance with Section 280G of the Code.
The allocation of the reduction required hereby among the Termination Benefits shall first be made from any cash severance benefit
due under Section 3(a)(i) of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall result in a reduction of any payments or
benefits to which the Executive may be entitled upon termination of employment other than pursuant to Sections 3 hereof or a reduction
in the payments and benefits specified, below zero.  

(c)          The
parties to this Agreement intend for the payments to satisfy the short-term deferral exception under Section 409A of the Code or,
in the case of health and dental benefits, not constitute deferred compensation (since such amounts are not taxable to Executive).
However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent payments do not meet the short-term deferral
exception of Section 409A of the Code and, in the event Executive is a  Specified Employee  (as defined herein) no
payment shall be made to Executive under this Agreement prior to the first day of the seventh month following the Executive s
termination of employment in excess of the  permitted amount  under Section 409A of the Code. For these purposes the
 permitted amount  shall be an amount that does not exceed two times the lesser of: (A) the sum of Executive s
annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay for services provided to the Bank for the calendar year preceding the
year in which Executive terminates employment, or (B) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a tax-qualified plan
pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs. The
payment of the  permitted amount  shall be made within five (5) days of the Executive s termination of employment.
Any payment in excess of the permitted amount shall be made to Executive on the first day of the seventh month following Executive s
termination of employment.  Specified Employee  shall be 

interpreted to comply with Section 409A
of the Code and shall mean a key employee within the meaning of Section 416(i) of the Code (without regard to paragraph 5 thereof),
but an individual shall be a  Specified Employee  only if the Bank is a publicly-traded institution or the subsidiary
of a publicly-traded holding company. 

(d)          Executive
shall be entitled to the severance benefits in this Section 3 within five (5) days of the second to occur of (i) a Change in Control
and (ii) Executive s termination of employment under the circumstances described in Section 3(a) herein. In no event shall
the Executive be entitled to benefits under this Agreement if a Change in Control does not occur. 

4 .   Notice of Termination.  

(a)          Any
purported termination by the Bank or by Executive shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For
purposes of this Agreement, a  Notice of Termination  shall mean a written notice which shall indicate the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide
a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated. 

(b)           Date
of Termination  shall mean the date specified in the Notice of Termination (which, in the case of a termination for Just
Cause, shall not be less than thirty (30) days from the date such Notice of Termination is given). 

5.    Source of Payments.  

All payments provided
in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or check from the general funds of the Bank. The Company, however, unconditionally
guarantees payment and provision of all amounts and benefits due hereunder to Executive and, if such amounts and benefits due from
the Bank are not timely paid or provided by the Bank, such amounts and benefits shall be paid or provided by the Company. 

6.    Effect on Prior Agreements and Existing Benefit Plans.  

This Agreement contains
the entire understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes any prior agreement between the Bank and Executive, except that
this Agreement shall not affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to Executive of a kind elsewhere provided.
No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted to mean that Executive is subject to receiving fewer benefits than those available
to him without reference to this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon Executive the right to continue in the
employ of the Bank or shall impose on the Bank any obligation to employ or retain Executive in its employ for any period. 

7.    No Attachment.  

(a)          Except
as required by law, no right to receive payments under this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation,
sale, assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation or to execution, attachment, levy or similar process or assignment
by operation of law, and any attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to affect any such action shall be 

null, void and of no effect. 

(b)          This
Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Executive, the Bank and their respective successors and assigns. 

8.    Modification and Waiver.  

(a)          This
Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. 

(b)          No
term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement
of any provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged with such waiver or estoppel. No such written
waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the
specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other
than that specifically waived. 

9.    Severability.  

If, for any reason,
any provision of this Agreement, or any part of any provision, is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement or any part of such provision not held so invalid, and each such other provision and part thereof shall to the
full extent consistent with law continue in full force and effect. 

10.    Headings for Reference Only.    

The headings of sections
and paragraphs herein are included solely for convenience of reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of any
of the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, references herein to the masculine shall apply to both the masculine and the
feminine. 

Except to the extent
preempted by federal law, the validity, interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the
laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to principles of conflicts of law of that State. 

Any dispute or controversy
arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a panel of three
arbitrators sitting in a location selected by Executive within fifty (50) miles from the location of the Bank, in accordance with
the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s award in any
court having jurisdiction; provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to seek specific performance of his right to be
paid until the Date of Termination during the pendency of any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement. 

13.    Payment of Legal Fees.    

All reasonable legal
fees paid or incurred by Executive pursuant to any dispute or question of interpretation relating to this Agreement shall be paid
or reimbursed by the Bank, only if Executive is successful pursuant to a legal judgment, arbitration or settlement. 

The Company or the
Bank shall provide Executive (including his heirs, executors and administrators) with coverage under a standard directors 
and officers  liability insurance policy at its expense and shall indemnify Executive (and his heirs, executors and administrators)
to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law against all expenses and liabilities reasonably incurred by her in connection
with or arising out of any action, suit or proceeding in which he may be involved by reason of his having been a director or officer
of the Company or the Bank (whether or not he continues to be a director or officer at the time of incurring such expenses or liabilities),
such expenses and liabilities to include, but not be limited to, judgments, court costs, attorneys  fees and the cost of
reasonable settlements. 

15.    Successors to the Bank.  

The Bank shall require
any successor or assignee, whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or substantially
all of the business or assets of the Bank or the Company, expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Bank s
obligations under this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform if no such
succession or assignment had taken place. 

16.    Required Provisions.  

In the event any of the foregoing provisions
of this Section 16 are in conflict with the terms of this Agreement, this Section 16 shall prevail. 

(a)           The
Board may terminate the Executive s employment at any time, but any termination by the Bank, other than termination for Just
Cause, shall not prejudice the Executive s right to compensation or other benefits under this Agreement. The Executive shall
not have the right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for Just Cause as defined in this
Agreement.  

(b)           If
the Executive is suspended from office and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Bank s affairs
by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) or 8(g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. Section 1818(e)(3) or (g)(1),
the Bank s obligations under this Agreement shall be suspended as of the date of service, unless stayed by appropriate proceedings.
If the charges in the notice are dismissed, the Bank may, in its discretion: (i) pay the Executive all or part of the compensation
withheld while its contract obligations were suspended; and (ii) reinstate (in whole or in part) any of the obligations which were
suspended.  

(c)           If
the Executive is removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Bank s affairs by an order
issued under Section 8(e)(4) or 8(g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. Section 1818(e)(4) or (g)(1), all obligations
of the Bank under this Agreement shall terminate as of the effective date of the order, but vested rights of the contracting parties
shall not be affected.  

(d)           If
the Bank is in default as defined in Section 3(x)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. Section 1813(x)(1), all obligations
under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default, but this paragraph shall not affect any vested rights of the contracting
parties.  

(e)           All
obligations under this Agreement shall terminate, except to the extent determined that continuation of the Agreement is necessary
for the continued operation of the Bank: (i) by the Comptroller of the Currency, or his or her designee (the  Comptroller ),
at the time the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of
the Bank under the authority contained in Section 13(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. Section 1823(c), or (ii)
by the Comptroller at the time the Comptroller approves a supervisory merger to resolve problems related to the operations of the
Bank or when the Bank is determined by the Comptroller to be in an unsafe or unsound condition. Any rights of the parties that
have already vested, however, shall not be affected by such action.  

(f)            Any
payments made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, or otherwise, are subject to, and conditioned upon, their compliance
with 12 U.S.C. Section 1828(k) and FDIC Regulation 12 C.F.R. Part 359, Golden Parachute and Indemnification Payments.  

(g)          Notwithstanding
the timing for the payment of severance under this Agreement, no such payments shall be made or commence, as applicable, that require
the concurrence or consent of the appropriate federal banking agency of the Bank pursuant to 12 C.F.R. Section 359 prior to the
receipt of such concurrence or consent. Any payments suspended by operation of this Section 16(g) shall be paid in a lump sum within
thirty (30) days following receipt of the concurrence or consent of the appropriate banking regulators of the Bank or as otherwise
directed by such regulators. 

In the event the Executive s
employment with the Bank or the Company is involuntarily or voluntarily terminated prior to a Change in Control and the Executive
is serving on the Board of Directors of the Bank and/or the Company as of his termination of employment, Executive agrees that
he shall resign as a director of the Bank and the Company effective immediately after termination of his employment. With respect
to the preceding sentence, Executive agrees that his resignation as a director will be effective as of the date his employment
with the Company and the Bank terminates, regardless of whether the Executive submits a formal, written resignation as director.
Except as otherwise provided herein, following the Executive s 

termination of employment
prior to a Change in Control, Executive shall have no rights to any severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 

SIGNATURES 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Madison Bank of Maryland and MB Bancorp, Inc. each caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers, and
Executive has signed this Agreement on September 30, 2016. 

MADISON BANK OF MARYLAND   

By: 
     /s/ Lawrence W. Williams  

Lawrence W. Williams 
    Chairman of the Board  

MB BANCORP, INC.   

(Guarantor)   

By: 
     /s/ Lawrence W. Williams  

Lawrence W. Williams 
    Chairman of the Board  

EXECUTIVE   

/s/ Philip P. Phillips  

Philip P. Phillips 
    President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 t1602599_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification  

I, Philip P. Phillips, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MB Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and in preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report, based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Philip P. Phillips   

Philip P. Phillips   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 t1602599_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT. 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification  

I, Robin L. Taylor, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MB Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and in preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report, based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/
Robin L. Taylor   

Robin L. Taylor   

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 5
 t1602599_ex32-0.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.0

Exhibit 32.0  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MB Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

By:  
      /s/ Philip P. Phillips   

Philip P. Phillips   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

November 14, 2016   

By:  
      /s/ Robin L. Taylor   

Robin L. Taylor   

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

November 14, 2016   

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mbcq-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mbcq-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mbcq-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mbcq-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mbcq-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mbcq-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

