<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1637558_0001637558-16-000075_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5129485</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96094</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>285849</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1791276</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2067922</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>766520</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001637558-16-000075.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031180511
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001637558-16-000075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNX Coal Resources LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001637558
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE MINING [1220]
		IRS NUMBER:				473445032
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37456
		FILM NUMBER:		161962763

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 CONSOL ENERGY DRIVE
		CITY:			CANONSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15317
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-485-4009

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 CONSOL ENERGY DRIVE
		CITY:			CANONSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001637558-16-000075.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 cnxc9301610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  __________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  __________________________________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number: 001-14901 
  __________________________________________________ 
  CNX Coal Resources LP 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    47-3445032 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

1000 CONSOL Energy Drive 
  Canonsburg, PA 15317-6506 
  (724) 485-4000 
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
  __________________________________________________ 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes    x      No     o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
  Large accelerated filer    o      Accelerated filer    o      Non-accelerated filer    x      Smaller Reporting Company    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  Yes    o      No    x 
  CNX Coal Resources LP had 11,618,456 common units, 11,611,067 subordinated units, 3,956,496 Class A Preferred Units and a 1.7% general partner interest outstanding at   October 31, 2016  . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

2 

Significant Relationships and Other Terms Referenced in this Quarterly Report 

CNX Coal Resources LP,  our "Partnership,   we,   our,   us  and similar terms, when used in a historical context, refer to CNX Coal Resources LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and its subsidiaries; 

CNX Operating  refers to CNX Operating LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership;  

CNX Thermal Holdings  refers to CNX Thermal Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of CNX Operating; subsequent to the PA Mining Acquisition, CNX Thermal Holdings owns a 25% undivided interest in the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses comprising the Pennsylvania Mining Complex;  

CONSOL Energy  and our  sponsor  refer to CONSOL Energy Inc., a Delaware corporation and the parent of our general partner, and its subsidiaries other than our general partner, us and our subsidiaries; 

CPCC  refers to CONSOL Pennsylvania Coal Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CONSOL Energy; 

Conrhein  refers to Conrhein Coal Company, a Pennsylvania general partnership and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CONSOL Energy; 

the  Pennsylvania Mining Complex  refers to coal mines, coal reserves and related assets and operations, located primarily in southwestern Pennsylvania, subsequent to the PA Mining Acquisition, owned 75% by CONSOL Energy and 25% by CNX Thermal Holdings, as of September 30, 2016;  

"PA Mining Acquisition" refers to the transaction on September 30, 2016, where the Partnership and its wholly owned subsidiary, CNX Thermal, entered into a Contribution Agreement with CONSOL Energy, CPCC and Conrhein and together with CPCC, under which CNX Thermal acquired an undivided   6.25%   of the Contributing Parties  right, title and interest in and to the Pennsylvania mining complex (which represents an aggregate   5%   undivided interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mining Complex); 

"IPO" refers to the completion of the Partnership's initial public offering on July 7, 2015; and 

our  general partner  refers to CNX Coal Resources GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and our general partner. 

3 

PART I : FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  CNX COAL RESOURCES LP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Dollars in thousands, except unit data) 
  (unaudited) 

1    Related Party of   $854   and   $2,736   for the three months ended and   $3,390   and   $5,177   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
   2    Related Party of   $856   and   $2,598   for the three months ended and   $3,090   and   $6,904   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
   3    Related Party of   $6,050   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
   4    Represents the general and limited partner interest in net income since closing of IPO. 
   5    Represents the cash distributions declared related to the period presented. See Note 14 - Subsequent Events. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

CNX COAL RESOURCES LP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

CNX COAL RESOURCES LP 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

CNX COAL RESOURCES LP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PARTNERS' CAPITAL 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

CNX COAL RESOURCES LP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

CNX COAL RESOURCES LP 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
   
  NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION: 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") for interim financial information.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  
    
  On September 30, 2016, the Partnership and its wholly owned subsidiary, CNX Thermal, entered into a Contribution Agreement (the  Contribution Agreement ) with CONSOL Energy, CPCC and Conrhein and together with CPCC, (the  Contributing Parties ), under which CNX Thermal acquired an undivided   6.25%   of the Contributing Parties  right, title and interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mining Complex (which represents an aggregate   5%   undivided interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mining Complex).  The PA Mining Acquisition was a transaction between entities under common control; therefore, the partnership recorded the assets and liabilities of the acquired   5%   of Pennsylvania Mining Complex at their carrying amounts to CONSOL Energy on the date of the transaction. The difference between CONSOL Energy s net carrying amount and the total consideration paid to CONSOL Energy was recorded as a capital transaction with CONSOL Energy, which resulted in a reduction in partners  capital. The Partnership recast its historical consolidated financial statements to retrospectively reflect the additional   5%   interest in Pennsylvania Mining Complex as if the business was owned for all periods presented; however, the consolidated financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred if the Partnership had owned it during the periods reported. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CNX Coal Resources LP and subsidiaries, and separate records maintained by CONSOL Energy, CPCC and Conrhein related to the acquired   5%   of the Pennsylvania Mining Complex.  
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the unaudited consolidated financial statements were prepared from separate records maintained by CONSOL Energy, CPCC and Conrhein and may not necessarily be indicative of the conditions that would have existed, or the results of operations, if CPCC and Conrhein had been operated as unaffiliated entities. As these unaudited consolidated financial statements represent the combination of   two   separate legal entities wholly owned by CONSOL Energy, the net assets of the Partnership have been presented as a Parent Net Investment. Parent Net Investment is primarily comprised of the Partnership s undivided interest in (i) CONSOL Energy s initial investment in CPCC and Conrhein (and any subsequent adjustments thereto); (ii) the accumulated net earnings; (iii) net transfers to or from CONSOL Energy, including those related to cash management functions performed by CONSOL Energy; (iv) non-cash changes in financing arrangements, including the conversion of certain related party liabilities into Parent Net Investment; and (v) corporate cost allocations. Transactions between the Partnership and CONSOL Energy or CONSOL Energy s other subsidiaries have been identified in the financial statements as transactions between related parties. 
    
  Reclassifications: 
    
  Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current reporting classifications with no effect on previously reported net income or partners' capital.       
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements: 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-15 - Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This update seeks to reduce the existing diversity in practice of the presentation and classification of specific cash flow issues.  For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Management is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on the Partnership's financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)", which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. The objective of the amendments in this update is to improve financial reporting by creating common revenue recognition guidance for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to  
  
   9 

be entitled in exchange for those goods or services and should disclose sufficient information, both qualitative and quantitative, to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The following updates to Topic 606 were made during 2016: 
             
    In March 2016, the FASB updated Topic 606 by issuing ASU 2016-08 "Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)," which clarifies how an entity determines whether it is a principal or an agent for goods or services promised to a customer as well as the nature of the goods or services promised to their customers.  
                
    In April 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-10 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which seeks to address implementation issues in the areas of identifying performance obligations and licensing.  
                
    In May 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-12 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. The update, which was issued in response to feedback received by the FASB-IASB joint revenue recognition transition resource group (TRG), seeks to address implementation issues in the areas of collectibility, presentation of sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition.  
     The new standards are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with the option to adopt as early as annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Management is currently evaluating the method of adoption as it relates to ASU 2014-09 and the impacts that these standards will have on the Partnership's financial statements.   
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-09 - Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. In addition to those simplifications, the amendments eliminate the guidance in Topic 718 that was indefinitely deferred shortly after the issuance of FASB Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment.  For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the amendments in this update is permitted for all entities. Management is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on the Partnership's financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-02 - Leases (Topic 842).  This update is intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions.  This update will require lessees to recognize all leases with terms greater than 12 months on their balance sheet as lease liabilities with a corresponding right-of-use asset. This update maintains the dual model for lease accounting, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance, with lease classification determined in a manner similar to existing lease guidance. The basic principle is that leases of all types convey the right to direct the use and obtain substantially all the economic benefits of an identified asset, meaning they create an asset and liability for lessees. Lessees will classify leases as either finance leases (comparable to current capital leases) or operating leases (comparable to current operating leases). Costs for a finance lease will be split between amortization and interest expense, with a single lease expense reported for operating leases.  This update also will require both qualitative and quantitative disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the amendments in this update is permitted for all entities. Management is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on the Partnership's financial statements. 
   
  NOTE 2 NET INCOME PER LIMITED PARTNER AND GENERAL PARTNER INTEREST: 
  The Partnership allocates net income among our general partner and limited partners using the two-class method in accordance with applicable authoritative accounting guidance.  Under the two-class method, we allocate our net income to our limited partners and our general partner in accordance with the terms of our partnership agreement.  We also allocate any earnings in excess of distributions to our limited partners and our general partner in accordance with the terms of our partnership agreement.  We allocate any distributions in excess of earnings for the period to our general partner and our limited partners based on their respective proportionate ownership interests in us, after taking into account distributions to be paid with respect to the incentive distribution rights, as set forth in the partnership agreement. Net income attributable the PA Mining Acquisition for periods prior to September 30, 2016 was not allocated to the limited partners for purposes of calculating net income per limited partner unit.  
  Diluted net income per limited partner unit reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or agreements to issue common units, such as awards under the long-term incentive plan, were exercised, settled or converted into common units.  When it is determined that potential common units resulting from an award subject to performance or market conditions should be included in the diluted net income per limited partner unit calculation, the impact is reflected by applying the treasury stock method.  Diluted net income per limited partner unit also reflects the potential dilution that could occur if the preferred  
  
   10 

units of the partnership were converted to common units. If certain conditions are met, Preferred units can be converted by election of the holder, partnership, or by change in control.  
   The following table illustrates the Partnership's calculation of net income per unit for common and subordinated partner units (in thousands, except for per unit information): 

There were no phantom units or preferred units excluded from the computation of the diluted earnings per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive for all periods presented. 

11 

NOTE 3 ACQUISITION: 
       
  On September 30, 2016, the Partnership and its wholly owned subsidiary, CNX Thermal, entered into a Contribution Agreement with CONSOL Energy, CPCC and Conrhein and together with CPCC, under which CNX Thermal acquired an undivided   6.25%   of the Contributing Parties  right, title and interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mining Complex (which represents an aggregate   5%   undivided interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mining Complex), in exchange for (i) cash consideration in the amount of   $21,500   and (ii) the Partnership s issuance of   3,956,496   Class A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership at an issue price of   $17.01   per Class A Preferred Unit (the  Class A Preferred Unit Issue Price ), or an aggregate   $67,300   in equity consideration. The Class A Preferred Unit Issue Price was calculated as the volume-weighted average trading price of the Partnership s common units over the trailing   15  -day trading period ending on September 29, 2016 (or   $14.79  ), plus a   15%   premium.  The PA Mining Acquisition was consummated on September 30, 2016. 
    
  Following the PA Mining Acquisition and including interests it held previously, CNX Thermal holds an aggregate   25%   undivided interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mining Complex. The Contribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and covenants of the parties. The Partnership and CNX Thermal, on the one hand, and CONSOL Energy, CPCC and Conrhein, on the other hand, have agreed to indemnify each other and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives against certain losses resulting from any breach of their representations, warranties, agreements or covenants contained in the Contribution Agreement, subject to certain limitations. The Conflicts Committee of the board of directors of our general partner, and the board unanimously approved the terms of the Acquisition.  
    
  The PA Mining Acquisition was a transaction between entities under common control; therefore, the Partnership recorded the assets and liabilities of the acquired   5%   undivided interest in the Pennsylvania Mining Complex at their carrying amounts to CONSOL Energy on the date of the transaction. The difference between CONSOL Energy's net carrying amount and the total consideration paid to CONSOL Energy was recorded as a capital transaction with CONSOL Energy, which resulted in a reduction in partners  capital.  The   $67,300   in equity consideration was a non-cash transaction, which impacted the investing and financing activities of the Partnership, by   $6,524   of excess consideration paid over the net carrying amount and   $60,776   of carrying amount paid from equity consideration.  The Partnership recast its historical consolidated financial statements to retrospectively reflect the Acquisition as if the assets and liabilities were owned for all periods presented; however, the consolidated financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred if the Partnership had owned the assets during the periods reported. 

NOTE 4 INVENTORIES: 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of coal inventories is determined by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Coal inventory costs include labor, supplies, equipment costs, operating overhead, depreciation, depletion and amortization, and other related costs. The cost of supplies inventory is determined by the average cost method and includes operating and maintenance supplies to be used in our coal operations. 
  
   12 

NOTE 5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: 

Coal reserves are controlled either through fee ownership or by lease. The duration of the leases vary; however, the lease terms generally are extended automatically to the exhaustion of economically recoverable reserves, as long as active mining continues. Coal interests held by lease provide the same rights as fee ownership for mineral extraction and are legally considered real property interests.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , property, plant and equipment includes gross assets under capital lease of $  639   and $  481  , respectively.  Accumulated amortization for capital leases was $  380   and $  296   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Amortization expense for assets under capital leases approximated   $22   and   $15   for the   three   months ended, and   $53   and   $37   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and is included in Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   
  NOTE 6 OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES: 

NOTE 7 REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY: 

13 

Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  Obligations under our   $400,000   senior secured revolving credit facility with certain lenders and PNC Bank N.A, as administrative agent, are guaranteed by our subsidiaries and are secured by substantially all of our and our subsidiaries  assets pursuant to a security agreement and various mortgages.  CONSOL Energy is not a guarantor of our obligations under our revolving credit facility. 
    
  The unused portion of our revolving credit facility is subject to a commitment fee of   0.50%   per annum. Interest on outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility accrues, at our option, at a rate based on either: 

The highest of (i) PNC Bank N.A. s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds open rate plus   0.50%  , and (iii) the one-month LIBOR rate plus   1.0%  , in each case, plus a margin ranging from   1.50%   to   2.50%   depending on the total leverage ratio; or 

the LIBOR rate plus a margin ranging from   2.50%   to   3.50%   depending on the total leverage ratio. 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the revolving credit facility had   $208,000   of borrowings outstanding, leaving   $192,000   of unused capacity.  At   December 31, 2015  , the revolving credit facility had   $185,000   of borrowings outstanding, leaving   $215,000   unused capacity.  Interest on outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility at   September 30, 2016   was accrued at   3.78%   based on a LIBOR rate of   0.53%  , plus a margin of   3.25%  .  Interest on outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility at   December 31, 2015   was accrued at   3.17%   based on a LIBOR rate of   0.42%  , plus a margin of   2.75%  .  
    
  Our revolving credit facility matures on July 7, 2020 and requires compliance with conditions precedent that must be satisfied prior to any borrowing as well as ongoing compliance with certain affirmative and negative covenants.  The revolving credit facility requires that the Partnership maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of at least   3.00   to   1.00  , which is calculated as the ratio of trailing   12   months Adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the credit agreement, to cash interest expense of the Partnership, measured quarterly. The Partnership must also maintain a maximum total leverage ratio not greater than   3.50   to   1.00  , which is calculated as the ratio of total consolidated indebtedness to trailing   12   months Adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the credit agreement, measured quarterly. At   September 30, 2016  , the interest coverage ratio was   9.93   to   1.00   and the total leverage ratio was   2.67   to   1.00  .  
   
  NOTE 8 COMPONENTS OF OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OPEB) PLANS NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COSTS: 
    
  Prior to the IPO, the Partnership was obligated to CONSOL Energy for a portion of the medical and life insurance benefits to certain retired employees of CPCC (the "OPEB" plans).  On May 31, 2015, the Salaried OPEB and Production and Maintenance ("P M") OPEB plans were remeasured to reflect an announced plan amendment resulting in a reduction in the OPEB liability and an increase in Other Comprehensive Income of   $4,713  . In conjunction with the IPO, on July 7, 2015, the OPEB liability and related accumulated other comprehensive income were retained by CONSOL Energy, and the Partnership has no further OPEB obligation as of such date.  Therefore,   no   OPEB payments have been made for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

14 

NOTE 9 COMPONENTS OF COAL WORKERS  PNEUMOCONIOSIS (CWP) AND WORKERS  COMPENSATION NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COSTS: 
    
  The Partnership is obligated to CONSOL Energy for medical and disability benefits to certain CPCC employees and their dependents resulting from occurrences of coal workers' pneumoconiosis disease and is also obligated to CONSOL Energy to compensate certain individuals who are entitled benefits under workers' compensation laws. 

The Partnership does not expect to contribute to CONSOL Energy's CWP plan in 2016 as it intends to pay benefit claims as they become due.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   $39   of CWP benefit claims have been paid. 
    
  The Partnership does not expect to contribute to CONSOL Energy's Workers  Compensation plan in 2016 as it intends to pay benefit claims as they become due.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   $1,000   of Workers  Compensation benefits, state administrative fees and surety bond premiums have been paid. 
   
  NOTE 10 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS: 
    
  The Partnership determines the fair value of assets and liabilities based on the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. The fair values are based on assumptions that market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in valuation techniques and the inputs to valuations. The fair value hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources (including LIBOR-based discount rates), while unobservable inputs reflect the Partnership's own assumptions of what market participants would use. 
    
  The fair value hierarchy includes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value as described below. 
    
  Level One - Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
    
  Level Two - The fair value of the assets and liabilities included in Level 2 are based on standard industry income approach models that use significant observable inputs, including LIBOR-based discount rates. 
    
  Level Three - Unobservable inputs significant to the fair value measurement supported by little or no market activity. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Partnership's third party guarantees are the credit risk of the third party and the third party surety bond markets. 
    
  In those cases when the inputs used to measure fair value meet the definition of more than one level of the fair value hierarchy, the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its totality determines the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value for which the fair value option was not elected: 

15 

Long-term debt:   The fair value of long-term debt is measured using unadjusted quoted market prices or estimated using discounted cash flow analyses.  The discounted cash flow analyses are based on current market rates for instruments with similar cash flows. 
    
  The carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments for which the fair value option was not elected are as follows: 

The Partnership s debt obligations are valued through reference to the applicable underlying benchmark rate and, as a result, constitute Level 2 fair value measurements. 
   
  NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES: 
    
  The Partnership is subject to various lawsuits and claims with respect to such matters as personal injury, wrongful death, damage to property, exposure to hazardous substances, governmental regulations (including environmental remediation), employment and contract disputes and other claims and actions arising out of the normal course of business. We accrue the estimated loss for these lawsuits and claims when the loss is probable and can be estimated.  Our current estimated accruals related to these pending claims, individually and in the aggregate, are immaterial to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Partnership.  It is possible that the aggregate loss in the future with respect to these lawsuits and claims could ultimately be material to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Partnership; however, such amounts cannot be reasonably estimated. 
    
  CONSOL Energy received from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") on April 8, 2011, a request for information relating to National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Permit compliance at the Partnership's Bailey and Enlow Fork Mines. In response, CPCC submitted water discharge monitoring and other data to the EPA. In early 2013, the case was referred to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), and Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PA DEP) also became involved. On December 18, 2014, the DOJ provided CONSOL Energy a proposed Consent Decree to resolve certain Clean Water Act and Clean Streams Law claims against CONSOL Energy, Inc. and CPCC with respect to the Bailey Mine Complex. After negotiations, the parties reached an agreement in principle on the terms of a Consent Decree naming CONSOL Energy Inc., CPCC and CNX Coal Resources LP as defendants. On August 4, 2016, EPA and PA DEP filed a Complaint and Notice of Lodging of the proposed Consent Decree before the public comment period closed. On September 14, 2016, the Court signed the Consent Decree and entered final judgment in this matter.  The Consent Decree imposed on defendants a civil penalty of   $750   and various compliance requirements. The Partnership has established an accrual to cover its liability in this matter.  This accrual is immaterial to the overall financial position of the Partnership and is included in Other Accrued Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership is contractually obligated to CONSOL Energy for financial guarantees and letters of credit to certain third parties which were issued by CONSOL Energy on behalf of the Partnership.  The maximum potential total of future payments that we could be required to make under these instruments is   $73,850  .  The instruments are comprised of   $719   employee-related and other letters of credit expiring in the next   three   years,   $63,903   of environmental surety bonds expiring within the next   three   years, and   $9,228   of employee-related and other surety bonds expiring within the next   three   years. Employee-related financial guarantees have primarily been provided to support various state workers  compensation and federal black lung self-insurance programs. Environmental financial guarantees have primarily been provided to support various performance bonds related to reclamation and other environmental issues.  Other guarantees have been extended to support insurance policies, legal matters, full and timely payments of mining equipment leases, and various other items necessary in the normal course of business.  These amounts have not been reduced for potential recoveries under recourse or collateralization provisions. Generally, recoveries under reclamation bonds would be limited to the extent of the work performed at the time of the default. No amounts related to these financial guarantees and letters of credit are recorded as liabilities on the financial statements. The Partnership s management believes that these guarantees will expire without being funded, and therefore the commitments will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Partnership. 
    
  The Partnership enters into long-term unconditional purchase obligations for the acquisition of certain specialized machinery and equipment. These purchase obligations are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Partnership had   $245   of purchase obligations, all of which are due in less than one year. 
  
   16 

NOTE 12     RELATED PARTY: 
    
  CONSOL Energy 
    
  The Consolidated Statements of Operations include expense allocations for certain corporate functions historically performed by CONSOL Energy prior to the IPO, including allocations of general corporate expenses related to stock-based compensation, legal, treasury, human resources, information technology and other administrative services.  Those allocations were based primarily on specific identification, head counts and coal tons produced.  Also, centralized cash management activities for CONSOL Energy were utilized for collections and payments related to normal course of business accounts receivable and payments for goods and services. The balance of receivables/payables from CONSOL Energy and other affiliates are presented as contributions/distributions in these consolidated financial statements.  Management believes the assumptions underlying the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses from CONSOL Energy are reasonable.  Nevertheless, these statements may not include all of the actual expenses that would have been incurred by the Partnership and may not reflect our Consolidated Statements of Operations, Balance Sheets and Cash Flows had we been a stand-alone company during the periods presented.  Actual costs that would have been incurred if the Partnership had been a stand-alone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. 
    
  In conjunction with the IPO, the Partnership entered into several agreements, including an omnibus agreement, with CONSOL Energy.  In connection with PA Mining Acquisition described in Note 3, on September 30, 2016, the General Partner and the Partnership entered into the First Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement (the    Amended Omnibus Agreement   ) with CONSOL Energy and certain of its subsidiaries.  Under the Amended Omnibus Agreement, CONSOL Energy will indemnify the Partnership for certain liabilities, including those relating to:  

all tax liabilities attributable to the assets contributed to the Partnership in connection with the PA Mining Acquisition (the    First Drop Down Assets   ) arising prior to the closing of the PA Mining Acquisition or otherwise related to the Contributing Parties  contribution of the First Drop Down Assets to the Partnership in connection with the PA Mining Acquisition; and  

certain operational and title matters related to the First Drop Down Assets, including the failure to have (i) the ability to operate under any governmental license, permit or approval or (ii) such valid title to the First Drop Down Assets, in each case, that is necessary for the Partnership to own or operate the First Drop Down Assets in substantially the same manner as owned or operated by the Contributing Parties prior to the Acquisition.  

The Partnership will indemnify CONSOL Energy for certain liabilities relating to the First Drop Down Assets, including those relating to:  

the use, ownership or operation of the First Drop Down Assets; and  

the Partnership s operation of the First Drop Down Assets under permits and/or bonds, letters of credit, guarantees, deposits and other pre-payments held by CONSOL Energy. 

The Amended Omnibus Agreement also amended the Partnership s obligations to CONSOL Energy with respect to the payment of an annual administrative support fee and reimbursement for the provision of certain management and operating services provided by CONSOL Energy, in each case to reflect structural changes in how those services are provided to the Partnership by CONSOL Energy. 
    
  Charges for services from CONSOL Energy include the following:   

17 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Partnership had a net payable to CONSOL Energy in the amount of   $1,320   and   $4,310  , respectively.  This payable includes reimbursements for business expenses, executive fees, stock-based compensation and other items under the omnibus agreement. 
    
  CFI Loan 
    
  CPCC had several related party long-term notes with CONSOL Financial Inc. ("CFI"), a wholly owned subsidiary of CONSOL Energy, as of   September 30, 2015  , pursuant to which CPCC was the obligor.  The loan represented multiple   10  -year term notes between CPCC and CFI at the applicable federal funds rates in effect upon execution, which were due at various future dates throughout the year.  In conjunction with the IPO, these notes were excluded from the Partnership's liabilities.  Payments for these notes were   $16,991   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and proceeds from additional notes were   $16,991   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Interest expense related to these notes were   $6,050   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and are included in Interest Expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   
  NOTE 13 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN: 
    
  Under the CNX Coal Resources LP 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  LTIP ), our general partner may issue long-term equity based awards to directors, officers and employees of our general partner or its affiliates, or to any consultants, affiliates of our general partner or other individuals who perform services for us. These awards are intended to compensate the recipients thereof based on the performance of our common units and their continued service during the vesting period, as 
  well as to align their long-term interests with those of our unitholders. We are responsible for the cost of awards granted 
  under the LTIP and all determinations with respect to awards to be made under the LTIP are made by the board of directors 
  of our general partner or any committee thereof that may be established for such purpose or by any delegate of the board of 
  directors or such committee, subject to applicable law, which we refer to as the plan administrator. 
    
  The LTIP limits the number of units that may be delivered pursuant to vested awards to   2,300,000   common units, subject to proportionate adjustment in the event of unit splits and similar events. Common units subject to awards that are canceled, 
  forfeited, withheld to satisfy exercise prices or tax withholding obligations or otherwise terminated without delivery of the 
  common units will be available for delivery pursuant to other awards. 
    
  The Partnership's general partner has granted equity-based phantom units that vest over a period of continued service with the Partnership. The phantom units will be paid in common units upon vesting or an amount of cash equal to the fair market value of a unit based on the vesting date. The awards may accelerate upon change in control of the Partnership.  Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over a requisite service period, which is generally the vesting term.  The Partnership recognized   $289   and   $904   of compensation expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , which is included in Selling, General and Administrative Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there is   $2,173   of unearned compensation that will vest over a weighted average period of   2.21   years. The following represents the nonvested phantom units and their corresponding weighted average grant date fair value: 

NOTE 14 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS: 
    
  On October 31, 2016, the Board of Directors of our general partner declared a cash distribution to the Partnership's unitholders for the third quarter of 2016 of   $0.5125   per common and subordinated units.  The cash distribution will be paid on November 15, 2016 to the unitholders of record at the close of business on November 10, 2016. 
  
   18 

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Unless otherwise indicated, the following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of our Partnership reflect a 25% undivided interest in the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Pennsylvania Mining Complex.  As used in the following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of our Partnership, the terms  we,   our,   us,  or like terms refer to the Partnership with respect to its 25% undivided interest in the Pennsylvania Mining Complex s combined assets, liabilities revenues and costs. 
    
  Overview 
    
  We are a growth-oriented master limited partnership formed by CONSOL Energy in 2015 to manage and further develop all of its thermal coal operations in Pennsylvania.  Our assets include a 25% undivided interest in, and operational control over, CONSOL Energy's Pennsylvania Mining Complex, which consists of three underground mines and related infrastructure that produce high-Btu bituminous thermal coal that is sold primarily to electric utilities in the eastern United States, our core market.  We believe that our ability to efficiently produce and deliver large volumes of high-quality coal at competitive prices, the strategic location of our mines, the industry experience of our management team and our relationship with CONSOL Energy position us as a leading producer of high-Btu thermal coal in the Northern Appalachian Basin and the eastern United States. 
    
  How We Evaluate Our Operations 
    
  Our management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance. These metrics are significant factors in assessing our operating results and profitability and include: (i) coal production, sales volumes and average sales price; (ii) cost of coal sold, a non-GAAP financial measure; (iii) average cash margin per ton, an operating ratio derived from non-GAAP financial measures, (iv) adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure; and (v) distributable cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure. 
    
  Cost of coal sold, average cash margin per ton, adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow normalize the volatility contained within GAAP measures, by adjusting certain non-operating or non-cash transactions.  These metrics are used as supplemental financial measures by management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, industry analysts, lenders and ratings agencies, to assess: 
    
    our operating performance as compared to the operating performance of other companies in the coal industry, without regard to financing methods, historical cost basis or capital structure; 
    
    the ability of our assets to generate sufficient cash flow to make distributions to our partners; 
    
    our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures; 
    
    the viability of acquisitions and other capital expenditure projects and the returns on investment of various investment opportunities; and 
    
    the attractiveness of capital projects and acquisitions and the overall rates of return on alternative investment opportunities.  
      
  The non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an alternative to total costs, net income, operating cash flow, or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP.  These measures exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income or net cash, and these measures may vary from those of other companies. As a result, the items presented below may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
    
  Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  We evaluate our cost of coal sales on a cost per ton basis.  Our cost of coal sold per ton represents our costs of coal sold divided by the tons of coal we sell. We define cost of coal sold as operating and other production costs related to produced tons sold, along with changes in coal inventory, both in volumes and carrying values. The cost of coal sold per ton includes items such as direct operating costs, royalty and production taxes, direct administration, and depreciation, depletion and amortization costs.  Our costs exclude any indirect costs such as general and administrative costs and other costs not directly attributable to the production of coal.  The GAAP measure most directly comparable to cost of coal sold is total costs.  
  
   19 

We define average cash margin per ton as (i) average coal revenue per ton, net of average cost of coal sold per ton, less depreciation, depletion and amortization, as adjusted for (ii) non-production related costs.   
    
  We define adjusted EBITDA as (i) net income (loss) before net interest expense, depreciation, depletion and amortization, as adjusted for (ii) certain non-cash items, such as Unit Based Compensation.  The GAAP measure most directly comparable to adjusted EBITDA is net income. 
    
  We define distributable cash flow as (i) net income (loss) before net interest expense, depreciation, depletion and amortization, as adjusted for (ii) certain non-cash items, such as unit based compensation, less net cash interest paid and estimated maintenance capital expenditures. Distributable cash flow will not reflect changes in working capital balances.  The GAAP measures most directly comparable to distributable cash flow are net income and net cash provided by operating activities.   
    
  The following table presents a reconciliation of cost of coal sold to total costs, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, on a historical basis for each of the periods indicated (in thousands). 

The following table presents a reconciliation of average cash margin per ton for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except per ton information). 

The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, on a historical basis for each of the periods indicated.  The table also presents a reconciliation of distributable cash flow to net income and operating cash flows, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, on a historical basis for each of the periods indicated (in thousands).  
  
   20 

1   PA Mining Acquisition Adjusted EBITDA relates to the amount of Adjusted EBITDA acquired with the PA Mining Acquisition recasted for all periods presented.  
  
   21 

Results of Operations 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared with the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  Total net income was   $6,401   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $18,924   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Our results of operations for each of these periods are presented in the table below. Variances are discussed following the table. 

22 

Coal Production Rates 
    
  The table below presents total tons produced from the Pennsylvania Mining Complex on our 25% undivided interest basis for the periods indicated:   

Coal production was   1,545   tons for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   1,452   tons for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The Partnership's coal production   increase  d   93   tons to satisfy demand.    
  Coal Operations 
    
  Coal revenue and cost components on a per unit basis for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as indicated in the table below. Our operations also include various costs such as selling, general and administrative, freight and other costs not included in our unit cost analysis because these costs are not directly associated with coal production. 

(1) Average cash margin per ton is an operating ratio derived from non-GAAP measures.  
    
  Revenue and Other Income 
    
  Coal revenue was   $66,922   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $80,793   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $13,871     decrease   was attributable to a   $12.69   per ton   lower   average sales price offset by a   93   ton   increase   in tons sold. The lower average sales price per ton sold in the 2016 period was primarily the result of the overall decline in the domestic and global thermal coal markets. The average realized price per ton declined by 22% compared to the year ago period as some of the high priced coal contracts rolled off and were replaced by lower priced sales. 
    
  Freight revenue, which is completely offset in freight expense, is the amount billed to customers based on the weight of coal shipped and negotiated freight rates for rail transportation.  Freight revenue   increased     $2,105   in the period-to-period comparison due to   increased   shipments to customers where we were contractually obligated to provide transportation services.  
    
  Other income is comprised of income generated by the Partnership not in the ordinary course of business.  Other income was   $485   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $343   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $142     increase   was primarily attributable to sales of externally purchased coal in 2016 for blending purposes only. 

23 

Cost of Coal Sold 
    
  Cost of coal sold is comprised of operating costs related to produced tons sold, along with changes in both volumes and carrying values of coal inventory. The costs of coal sold per ton include items such as direct operating costs, royalty and production taxes, direct administration expenses, and depreciation, depletion, and amortization costs. Total cost of coal sold was   $54,071   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   $3,004     lower   than the   $57,075   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Total costs per ton sold were   $35.79   per ton for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $40.26   per ton for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in the cost of coal sold was driven by a reduction in staffing levels, realignment of employee benefits, and vendor concessions.  Productivity for the   three   months, as measured by tons per employee-hour, also improved by 2% compared to the year-ago period, despite the geological conditions encountered during the quarter.   
    
  Total Other Costs 
    
  Total other costs is comprised of various costs that are not allocated to each individual mine and therefore are not included in unit costs. Total other costs   increased     $1,403   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   increase   is primarily attributable to a net periodic benefit credit of   $890   related to the 2015 OPEB plan remeasurement for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   compared to the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , where no benefit credits recorded as the Partnership had no further OPEB obligation in connection with the completion of the IPO.  The increase is also attributed to additional discretionary 401(k) contributions. 
    
  Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
    
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses   increased     $44   period-to-period, due to various transactions, none of which are material.  
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense, which primarily relates to obligations under our revolving credit facility,   increased     $351   period-to-period primarily due to rising interest rates.  
    
  Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA was   $19,505   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $30,709   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   $11,204     decrease   was primarily a result of   $12.69   per ton   decrease   in the average sales price per ton, offset in part, by a   $3.92     improvement   in the cash cost of coal sales per ton which resulted in a net   $13,251     decrease   in Adjusted EBITDA which was offset by an increase of   93   tons of additional sales resulting in an increase in Adjusted EBITDA of   $2,212  .  The remaining variance is due to various transactions, none of which are individually material.  
    
  Distributable Cash Flow 
    
  Distributable cash flow was   $6,856   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $15,374   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   $8,518     decrease   was attributed to a   $11,204     decrease   in Adjusted EBITDA as discussed above offset, in part, by a   $2,883     decrease   in the Pre-Acquisition Adjusted EBITDA. The remaining variance is due to various transactions, none of which are individually material.  
  
   24 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  
    
  Total net income was   $14,124   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $53,082   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Our results of operations for each of these periods are presented in the table below. Variances are discussed following the table. 

25 

Coal Production Rates 
    
  The table below presents total tons produced from the Pennsylvania Mining Complex on our 25% undivided interest basis for the periods indicated:   

Coal production was   4,392   tons for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   4,543   tons for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   151     decrease   in tons was attributable to weak market conditions which resulted in the temporary idling of one longwall.       
  Coal Operations 
    
  Coal revenue and cost components on a per unit basis for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as indicated in the table below. Our operations also include various costs such as selling, general and administrative, freight and other costs not included in our unit cost analysis because these costs are not directly associated with coal production. 

(1) Average cash margin per ton is an operating ratio derived from non-GAAP measures.  
    
  Revenue and Other Income 
    
  Coal revenue was   $186,103   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $256,651   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $70,548     decrease   was attributable to a   $14.81   per ton   lower   average sales price and a   102   ton   decrease   in tons sold. The   lower   sales volumes and lower average coal sales price per ton sold in the   2016   period were primarily the result of the overall decline in the domestic and global thermal coal markets. While the overall trend of customer deferrals peaked in May 2016, our marketing team continues to work with a few customers who have inventory challenges. 
    
  Freight revenue, which is completely offset in freight expense, is the amount billed to customers based on the weight of coal shipped and negotiated freight rates for rail transportation.  Freight revenue   increased     $6,902   in the period-to-period comparison due to   increased   shipments to customers where we were contractually obligated to provide transportation services.  
    
  Other income is comprised of income generated by the Partnership not in the ordinary course of business.  Other income was   $2,254   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $813   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $1,441     increase   was primarily attributable to a customer's partial coal contract buyout in the amount of $1,572 in 2016. 

26 

Cost of Coal Sold 
    
  Cost of coal sold is comprised of operating costs related to produced tons sold, along with changes in coal inventory, both volumes and carrying values. The costs of coal sold per ton include items such as direct operating costs, royalty and production taxes, direct administration expenses, and depreciation, depletion, and amortization costs. Total cost of coal sold was   $150,844   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   $38,505     lower   than the   $189,349   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Total costs per ton sold were   $34.53   per ton for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $42.35   per ton for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in the cost of coal sold was driven by the idling of one longwall for approximately 90 days, reduction of staffing levels, vendor concessions and the realignment of employee benefits. Productivity for the   nine   months, as measured by tons per employee-hour, also improved by 12% compared to the year-ago period, despite the reduced average number of longwalls in operation over the 2016 period. 
    
  Total Other Costs 
    
  Total other costs is comprised of various costs that are not allocated to each individual mine and therefore are not included in unit costs. Total other costs   increased     $12,192   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   increase   in other costs is primarily attributable to a net periodic benefit credit of $7,341 related to the 2015 OPEB plan remeasurement for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , where no benefit credits were recorded as the Partnership had no further OPEB obligation in connection with the completion of the IPO.  The   increase   is also attributable to   $4,517   of costs related to temporarily idling one of the longwalls at the Pennsylvania Mining Complex for approximately 90 days in the first quarter to optimize the operating schedule.  The remaining variance is related to cost incurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for litigation expenses related to the proposed consent decree with respect to the Bailey mine complex, See Note 11 - Commitments and Contingent Liabilities of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information, purchased coal costs for blending purposes on certain coal contracts, and other discretionary 401(k) contributions, all of which had no such costs incurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  These were offset by cost incurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , related to accelerated amortization of financing charges related to a backstop loan where no amortization was recorded during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as the Partnership had no further backstop loan obligation in connection with the completion of the IPO. 
    
  Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
    
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses   decreased     $2,355   period-to-period primarily due to reduced staffing levels and the realignment of employee benefits in   2016   compared to   2015  .  Upon the closing of the IPO, the Partnership entered into a service arrangement with CONSOL Energy to receive certain selling, general and administrative services which are paid monthly based on a fixed fee. In addition, the Partnership incurred costs related to being a publicly traded entity including stand-alone audit fees, board of director fees and phantom unit expenses.  For the period preceding the closing of the IPO in 2015, CONSOL Energy allocated selling, general and administrative expenses based upon the level of operating activity of its underlying business units. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $6,277  , which primarily relates to obligations under our revolving credit facility.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  ,   $7,758   of interest expense was incurred primarily on the CFI loan, which was excluded from the Partnership's assets and liabilities at the time of the IPO.  Also, interest expense related to the revolving credit facility was $  1,950   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA was   $52,637   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $92,525   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   $39,888     decrease   was a result of   $14.81   per ton   decrease   in the average sales price per ton, offset in part, by a   $7.23   per ton   improvement   in the cash cost of coal sales per ton resulting in a   $33,109     decrease   in Adjusted EBITDA.  Additional decreases to Adjusted EBITDA were   $2,257   related to a   decrease   of   102   sales tons and cash costs of   $3,299   related to idling one of the longwalls at the Pennsylvania Mining Complex for approximately 90 days.  The remaining variance is due to various other transactions none of which are individually material. 

27 

Distributable Cash Flow 
    
  Distributable cash flow was   $16,047   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $44,688   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   $28,641   decrease was attributed to a   $39,888     decrease   in Adjusted EBITDA as discussed above, offset, in part, by a   $8,864     decrease   in the Pre-Acquisition Adjusted EBITDA and a   $2,007     decrease   in estimated maintenance capital expenditures.  The remaining variance is due to various other transactions none of which are individually material. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
    
  Liquidity and Financing Arrangements 
    
  Historically, our principal sources of liquidity have been cash from operations and, prior to our IPO, funding from CONSOL Energy.  We do not currently have any commitment from CONSOL Energy, our general partner or any of their respective affiliates to fund our cash flow deficits or provide other direct or indirect financial assistance to us.  We expect our ongoing sources of liquidity to include cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and, if necessary, the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.  We believe that cash generated from these sources will be sufficient to meet our short-term working capital requirements and our long-term capital expenditure requirements and to make quarterly cash distributions as declared by the board of directors of our general partner.  
    
  Our partnership agreement requires that we distribute all of our available cash to our unitholders.  As a result, we expect to rely primarily upon external financing sources, including commercial bank borrowings and the issuance of debt and equity securities, to fund our acquisitions and expansion capital expenditures, if any. 
    
  On October 31, 2016, the Board of Directors of CNX Coal Resources GP LLC, the general partner of CNX Coal Resources LP, declared a cash distribution to the Partnership's unitholders for the third quarter of 2016 of   $0.5125   per common and subordinated units.  The cash distribution will be paid on November 15, 2016 to the unitholders of record at the close of business on November 10, 2016. 
    
  Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  Obligations under our   $400,000   senior revolving credit facility, with certain lenders and PNC Bank N.A., as administrative agent, are guaranteed by our subsidiaries (the  guarantor subsidiaries ) and are secured by substantially all of our and our subsidiaries  assets pursuant to a security agreement and various mortgages. CONSOL Energy is not a guarantor of our obligations under our revolving credit facility. 
    
  The unused portion of our revolving credit facility is subject to a commitment fee of 0.50% per annum. Interest on outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility accrues, at our option, at a rate based on either: 

The highest of (i) PNC Bank N.A. s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds open rate plus 0.50%, and (iii) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1.0%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.50% depending on the total leverage ratio; or 

the LIBOR rate plus a margin ranging from 2.50% to 3.50% depending on the total leverage ratio. 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the revolving credit facility had   $208,000   of borrowings outstanding, leaving   $192,000   unused capacity. Interest on outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility at   September 30, 2016   was accrued at   3.78%   based on a LIBOR rate of   0.53%  , plus a margin of   3.25%  . 
    
  Our revolving credit facility matures on July 7, 2020 and requires compliance with conditions precedent that must be satisfied prior to any borrowing as well as ongoing compliance with certain affirmative and negative covenants. 
    
  Affirmative covenants include, among others, requirements relating to: (i) the preservation of existence; (ii) the payment of obligations, including taxes; (iii) the maintenance of properties and equipment, insurance and books and records; (iv) compliance with laws and material contracts; (v) use of proceeds; (vi) the subordination of intercompany loans; (vii) compliance with anti-terrorism, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and sanctions laws; and (viii) collateral. 
    
  Negative covenants include, among others, restrictions on our and our guarantor subsidiaries  ability to: (i) create, incur, assume or suffer to exist indebtedness; (ii) create or permit to exist liens on their properties; (iii) make or pay any dividends or  
  
   28 

distributions;   provided   that we will be able to make cash distributions of available cash to partners so long as no event of default is continuing or would result therefrom; (iv) merge with or into another person, liquidate or dissolve, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any going concern or going line of business or acquire all or a substantial portion of another person s assets; (v) make particular investments and loans;   provided   that we will be able to increase our ownership percentage of our undivided interest in the Pennsylvania Mining Complex and make investments in the Pennsylvania Mining Complex in accordance with our ratable ownership; (vi) sell, transfer, convey, assign or dispose of our assets or properties other than in the ordinary course of business and other select instances; (vii) deal with any affiliate except in the ordinary course of business on terms no less favorable to us than we would otherwise receive in an arm s length transaction; (viii) amend organizational documents or any documentation governing certain material debt; and (ix) amend, waive or grant a consent under any material contract. In addition, we are obligated to maintain at the end of each fiscal quarter (x) a minimum interest coverage ratio of at least 3.00 to 1.00 and (y) a maximum total leverage ratio of no greater than 3.50 to 1.00 (or 4.00 to 1.00 for two fiscal quarters after consummation of a material acquisition).  At   September 30, 2016  , the interest coverage ratio was   9.93   to   1.00   and the total leverage ratio was   2.67   to   1.00  .  
    
  Our revolving credit facility also contains events of default, including, but not limited to, cross-default to certain other debt, breaches of representations and warranties, change of control events and breaches of covenants. 
   
  Cash Flows 

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared with the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015  : 
    
  Cash flows provided by operating activities   decreased     $141   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to net income decreasing   $38,958   in the period-to-period comparison, offset by a   $40,121   increase in working capital.  The increase in working capital was related to the increase of accounts receivable of   $28,974   during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Prior to the IPO, accounts receivable were sold to CONSOL Financial Inc, which resulted in no trade receivables as of July 7, 2015.  The remaining variance relates to various transactions, none of which are individually material. 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities   increased     $5,406   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   as a result of   increased   capital expenditures of   $5,357   due to the following items: 

29 

Net cash used in financing activities   decreased     $2,324   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to the following items: 

Cash distributions of   $30,486   to limited partners and the general partner. 
      
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We do not maintain off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or others that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources which are not disclosed in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q. 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
    
  Our contractual obligations include the revolving credit facility, operating leases, capital leases, asset retirement obligations and other long-term liability commitments. Since December 31, 2015, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations within the ordinary course of business. 
    
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  We are including the following cautionary statement in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of us. With the exception of historical matters, the matters discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 21E of the Exchange Act) that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results.  Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success of specific projects and our future production, revenues, income and capital spending. When we use the words "believe," "intend," "expect," "may," "should," "anticipate," "could," "estimate," "plan," "predict," "project," or their negatives, or other similar expressions, the statements which include those words are usually forward-looking statements. When we describe strategy that involves risks or uncertainties, we are making forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; we disclaim any obligation to update these statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These risks, contingencies and uncertainties relate to, among other matters, the following: generation of sufficient distributable cash flow to support the payment of minimum quarterly distributions; changes in coal prices or the costs of mining or transporting coal; uncertainty in estimating economically recoverable coal reserves and replacement of reserves; our ability to develop our existing coal reserves and successfully execute our mining plans; changes in general economic conditions, both domestically and globally; competitive conditions within the coal industry; changes in the consumption patterns of coal-fired power plants and steelmakers and other factors affecting the demand for coal by coal-fired power plants and steelmakers; the availability and price of coal to the consumer compared to the price of alternative and competing fuels; competition from the same and alternative energy sources; energy efficiency and technology trends; our ability to successfully implement our business plan; the price and availability of debt and equity financing; operating hazards and other risks incidental to coal mining; major equipment failures and difficulties in obtaining equipment, parts and raw materials; availability, reliability and costs of transporting coal; adverse or abnormal geologic conditions, which may be unforeseen; natural disasters, weather-related delays, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control; interest rates; labor availability, relations and other workforce factors; defaults by our sponsor under our operating agreement and employee services agreement; changes in availability and cost of capital; changes in our tax status; delays in the receipt of, failure to receive or revocation of necessary governmental permits; defects in title or loss of any leasehold interests with respect to our properties; the effect of existing and future laws and government regulations, including the enforcement and interpretation of environmental laws thereof; the effect of new or expanded greenhouse gas regulations; the effects of litigation; and other factors discussed in our 2015 Form 10-K  
  
   30 

under  Risk Factors,  as updated by any subsequent Form 10-Qs, which are on file at the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes to our exposures to market risk since December 31, 2015. 
   
  ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), was conducted as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner have concluded that the Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  Refer to paragraph one and two within Part 1, Item 1. Financial Statements, "Note 11. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities," which is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this quarterly report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in the  Risk Factors  Section in our 2015 Form 10-K.  These described risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
   
  ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in exhibit 95 to this quarterly report. 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS 

32 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  Dated: November 1, 2016 
                       
    CNX Coal Resources LP 

By: 
      
    CNX Coal Resources GP LLC, its general partner 
        
    By: 
      
    /s/ JAMES A. BROCK 

James A. Brock 

Chief Executive Officer  
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
      
    CNX Coal Resources GP LLC, its general partner 
        
    By: 
      
    /s/ LORRAINE L. RITTER 

Lorraine L. Ritter 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, James A. Brock, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CNX Coal Resources LP.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           c. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016  
    
  /s/      James A. Brock                                                    
  James A. Brock 
    
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Lorraine L. Ritter, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CNX Coal Resources LP.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           c. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016  
    
  /s/      Lorraine L. Ritter                                                    
  Lorraine L. Ritter 
    
  Chief Financial Officer   Chief Accounting Officer 
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  Pursuant to Section 906 of th Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
    
  I, James A. Brock, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of CNX Coal Resources LP (the  Registrant ), certify that to my knowledge, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , of the Registrant (the  Report ): 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
       
  Date: November 1, 2016  
    
  /s/      James A. Brock                                                    
  James A. Brock 
    
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  Pursuant to Section 906 of th Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
    
  I, Lorraine L. Ritter, Chief Financial Officer   Chief Accounting Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) of CNX Coal Resources LP (the  Registrant ), certify that to my knowledge, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , of the Registrant (the  Report ): 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
       
  Date: November 1, 2016  
    
  /s/      Lorraine L. Ritter                                                    
  Lorraine L. Ritter 
    
  Chief Financial Officer   Chief Accounting Officer 
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 6
 exhibit95-mshax9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 

Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data 
  We believe that the Partnership is one of the safest mining companies in the world. The Partnership has in place health and safety programs that include extensive employee training, accident prevention, workplace inspection, emergency response, accident investigation, regulatory compliance and program auditing. The objectives of our health and safety programs are to eliminate workplace incidents, comply with all mining-related regulations and provide support for both regulators and the industry to improve mine safety. 
  The operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act). MSHA inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations, orders and violations when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. We present information below regarding certain mining safety and health violations, orders and citations, issued by MSHA and related assessments and legal actions and mine-related fatalities with respect to our coal mining operations. In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as: (i) the number of violations, orders and citations will vary depending on the size of the coal mine, (ii) the number of violations, orders and citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and mine to mine, and (iii) violations, orders and citations can be contested and appealed, and in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
    
  The table below sets forth for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for each coal mine of the Partnership on a 100% basis, the total number of:  (i) violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Mine Act for which the operator received a citation from MSHA; (ii) orders issued under section 104(b) of the Mine Act; (iii) citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under section 104(d) of the Mine Act; (iv) flagrant violations under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act; (v) imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act; (vi) proposed assessments from MHSA (regardless of whether CONSOL Energy has challenged or appealed the assessment); (vii) mining-related fatalities; (viii) notices from MSHA of a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of the Mine Act; (ix) notices from MSHA regarding the potential to have a pattern of violations as referenced in (viii) above; and (x) pending legal actions before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (as of   September 30, 2016  ) involving such coal or other mine, as well as the aggregate number of legal actions instituted and the aggregate number of legal actions resolved during the reporting period.  

(1)  See table below for additional detail regarding Legal Actions Pending as of   September 30, 2016  .  With respect to Contests of Proposed Penalties, we have included the number of dockets (as opposed to citations) when counting the number of Legal Actions Pending as of   September 30, 2016  . 

(a) Represents (if any) contests of citations and orders, which typically are filed prior to an operator's receipt of a proposed penalty assessment from MSHA or relate to orders for which penalties are not assessed (such as imminent danger orders under Section 107 of the Mine Act). This category includes: (i) contests of citations or orders issued under section 104 of the Mine Act, (ii) contests of imminent danger withdrawal orders under section 107 of the Mine Act, and (iii) Emergency response plan dispute proceedings (as required under the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-236, 120 Stat. 493). 
    
  (b) Represents (if any) contests of proposed penalties, which are administrative proceedings before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission ( FMSHRC ) challenging a civil penalty that MSHA has proposed for the violation contained in a citation or order. 

(c) Represents (if any) complaints for compensation, which are cases under section 111 of the Mine Act that may be filed with the FMSHRC by miners idled by a closure order issued by MSHA who are entitled to compensation. 
    
  (d) Represents (if any) complaints of discharge, discrimination or interference under section 105 of the Mine Act, which cover: (i) discrimination proceedings involving a miner's allegation that he or she has suffered adverse employment action because he or she engaged in activity protected under the Mine Act, such as making a safety complaint, and (ii) temporary reinstatement proceedings involving cases in which a miner has filed a complaint with MSHA stating that he or she has suffered such discrimination and has lost his or her position. Complaints of Discharge, Discrimination, or Interference are also included in Contests of Proposed Penalties, Column B. 
    
  (e) Represents (if any) applications for temporary relief, which are applications under section 105(b)(2) of the Mine Act for temporary relief from any modification or termination of any order or from any order issued under section 104 of the Mine Act (other than citations issued under section 104(a) or (f) of the Mine Act).  
    
  (f) Represents (if any) appeals of judges' decisions or orders to the FMSHRC, including petitions for discretionary review and review by the FMSHRC on   its own motion. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 cnxc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cnxc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cnxc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cnxc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cnxc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cnxc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

