<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1600065_0001144204-16-134099_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9415296</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90031</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>326964</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3097632</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4566681</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1142391</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>78</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134099.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114153226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MW Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001600065
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55356
		FILM NUMBER:		161994291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2110 BEECHMONT AVENUE
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(513) 231-7871

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2110 BEECHMONT AVENUE
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45230

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134099.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452542_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D. C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

OR 

For the transition period from ____________ to _______________ 

Commission File No. 000-55356 

MW
BANCORP, INC.             

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(513) 231-7871  

 (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code) 

N/A  

  (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x        No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  x  Yes       
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large accelerated filer    
   Accelerated filer         Non-accelerated filer
        Smaller reporting company  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). 

 Yes                   
No   x   

As of November 14, 2016, the latest practicable date, 885,473
shares of the registrant s common stock, $.01 par value, were issued and outstanding. 

MW
Bancorp, Inc. 

Index
to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1 Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     6  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     7  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     8  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     34  

Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     44  

Item 4 Controls and Procedures  
     44  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1  Legal Proceedings  
     45  

Item 1A  Risk Factors  
     45  

Item 2  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     45  

Item 3  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     45  

Item 4  Mine Safety Disclosures  
     45  

Item 5  Other Information  
     45  

Item 6  Exhibits  
     45  

SIGNATURES  
     47  

Part I   Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 

  (In thousands,
except share data)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income 

 For the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

  (In thousands,
except share data)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income 

 For the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

  (In thousands)  

Three Months Ended September 30,     

2016       
     2015     

(Unaudited)     

Net income    
     $  73       
     $  47     

Other comprehensive loss:    

Unrealized holding losses on securities available for sale    
        (11  )    
        (8  )  

Amortization of net unrealized holding loss on held-to-maturity securities    
        1       
        -     

Net unrealized losses    
        (10  )    
        (8  )  
 
     Tax effect    
        -       
        -     

Total other comprehensive loss    
        (10  )    
        (8  )  

Comprehensive income    
     $  63       
     $  39     

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Shareholders  Equity 

 For the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

  (In thousands)  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 

  (In thousands)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 1: 
     Basis of Presentation  

MW
Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company,   we,   us  or  our ), headquartered in Cincinnati,
Ohio, was formed to serve as the stock holding company for Watch Hill Bank following its mutual-to-stock conversion. The conversion
was completed effective January 29, 2015. The Company issued 876,163 shares at an offering price of $10.00 per share.   

The
accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheet of the Company as of June 30, 2016, which has been derived from audited financial
statements, and unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were prepared in accordance with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X and, therefore, do not include information or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results
of operations and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly,
these condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto of the
Company as of and for the year ended June 30, 2016 included in the Company s Form 10-K. Reference is made to the accounting
policies of the Company described in the Notes to the Financial Statements contained in the Form 10-K.   

In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments) which are necessary for a fair presentation of the unaudited financial statements have been
included to present fairly the financial position as of September 30, 2016   and the results of operations and cash flows
for the three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015. All interim amounts have not been audited and the results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, herein are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected
for the entire fiscal year. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016, include MW Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly owned
subsidiary, Watch Hill Bank, together referred to as  the Company.  Intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation.   

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Material estimates that are particularly susceptible
to significant change relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, valuation of real estate acquired in connection
with foreclosures or in satisfaction of loans, valuation of deferred tax assets and fair values of financial instruments. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 2: 
     Securities  

The amortized cost and approximate fair values, together
with gross unrealized gains and losses, of securities are as follows: 

The amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale
securities and held-to-maturity securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities
will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. Securities not due at a single maturity date are shown separately. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The Company had no sales of investment securities
during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The Company had pledged $1.3 million and $1.4 million
of its investment securities at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, to secure commercial deposits in excess of
the FDIC insurance limit. 

At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, there were
no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10% of
the Company s equity. 

On August 1, 2013, the Company reclassified its collateralized
mortgage obligation portfolio to held-to-maturity from available-for sale because management intends to hold these securities to
maturity. The securities had a total amortized cost of $2.925 million and a corresponding fair value of $2.894 million. The gross
unrealized loss on these securities at the date of transfer was $31,000. The unrealized holding loss at the time of transfer continues
to be reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized over the remaining lives of the securities as an
adjustment to the yield. The amortization of the remaining holding loss reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss will offset
the effect on interest income of the discount for the transferred securities. The remaining unamortized balance of this loss was
$12,000 at September 30, 2016. 

The following tables show the Company s investments 
gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily
impaired, aggregated by investment class and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss
position at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Other-than-temporary Impairment 

At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, all of the
mortgage-backed securities held by the Company were issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies, primarily Fannie
Mae and Ginnie Mae, institutions which the government has affirmed its commitment to support. Because the decline in fair value
is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not have the intent, and it is
likely that it will not be required, to sell these mortgage-backed securities before their anticipated recovery, the Company does
not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 3: 
     Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  

Loans at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 include: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The following table presents, by portfolio segment,
the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the recorded investment in loans
and impairment method as of September 30, 2016: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The following table presents, by portfolio segment,
the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the recorded investment
in loans and impairment method as of June 30, 2016: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Internal Risk Categories   

The Company has adopted a standard loan grading system
for all loans. Loans are selected for a grading review based on certain characteristics, including credit concentrations, subprime
criteria and delinquency of 90 days or more. Definitions are as follows: 

Pass  :  These are higher quality loans
that do not fit any of the other categories described below. 

Special Mention : The loans identified as special
mention have an obvious flaw or a potential weakness that deserves special management attention, but which has not yet impacted
collectibility. These flaws or weaknesses, if left uncorrected, may result in the deterioration of the prospects of repayment or
of the Company s credit position. 

Substandard :   These are loans with a
well-defined weakness, where the Company has a serious concern about the borrower s ability to make full repayment if the
weaknesses are not corrected. The loan may contain a flaw, which could impact the borrower s ability to repay, or the borrower s
continuance as a  going concern.  When collateral values are not sufficient to secure the loan and other weaknesses
are present, the loan may be rated substandard. A loan will also be rated substandard when full repayment is expected, but it must
come from the liquidation of collateral. 

Doubtful : These are loans with major defined
weaknesses, where future charge-off of a part of the credit is highly likely. The primary repayment source is no longer viable
and the viability of the secondary source of repayment is in doubt. The amount of loss is uncertain due to circumstances within
the credit that are not yet fully developed and the loan is rated  Doubtful  until the loss can be accurately estimated. 

Loss : These are near term charge-offs. Loans
classified as loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that it is not desirable to continue carrying them as
assets on the Company s financial statements, even though partial recovery may be possible at some future time. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The following tables present the credit risk profile
of the Company s loan portfolio based on internal rating category and payment activity as of September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016: 

The Company has a portfolio of loans designated as
subprime, defined as those loans made to borrowers with a credit score below 660. These loans are primarily secured by 1-4 family
real estate, including both owner-occupied and non-owner-occupied properties. Subprime loans totaled $6.6 million and $6.5 million
at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. 

The Company evaluates the loan risk grading system
definitions and allowance for loan losses methodology on an ongoing basis. No significant changes were made to either during the
past year. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The following tables present the Company s loan
portfolio aging analysis of the recorded investment in loans as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

A loan is considered impaired when based on current
information and events, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with
the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans include nonperforming multi-family and commercial loans, but also include loans
modified in troubled debt restructurings. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The following table presents impaired loan information
as of September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The following table presents impaired loan information
as of June 30, 2016: 

The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued
interest receivable and loan origination fees, net due to immateriality. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The following table presents the Company s nonaccrual
loans at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. The table excludes performing troubled debt restructurings. 

At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company
had certain loans that were modified in troubled debt restructurings and impaired. The modification of terms of such loans included
one or a combination of the following: an extension of maturity, a reduction of the stated interest rate or a permanent reduction
of the recorded investment in the loan. The Company had loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring totaling $1.1 million at
both September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. Troubled debt restructured loans had specific allowances totaling $58,000 at both September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company had no commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers with troubled
debt restructured loans. 

No loans were modified as troubled debt restructurings
during either of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

The Company had no troubled debt restructurings modified
during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015 that subsequently defaulted during the three-month periods ended September
30, 2016 or 2015. A troubled debt restructured loan is considered to be in payment default once it is 30 days contractually past
due under the loan s modified terms. 

In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing
financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its
debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Company s internal underwriting
policy. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 4: 
     Regulatory Matters  

The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital
requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory
- and possibly additional discretionary - actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the
Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action,
the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank s assets, liabilities and certain
off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Bank s capital amounts and classification
are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Furthermore, the
Bank s regulators could require adjustments to regulatory capital not reflected in these financial statements. 

Effective January 1, 2015, the Bank is subject to
the capital requirements set forth by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act.
Among other things, the rule established a new common equity Tier 1 minimum capital requirement and assigned a higher risk weight
(150%) to exposures that are more than 90 days past due, or are on nonaccrual status, and to certain commercial real estate facilities
that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The final rule also requires unrealized gains and losses
on certain  available-for-sale  securities holdings to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital requirements,
unless a one-time opt-in or opt-out is exercised. The Bank has chosen to exclude unrealized gains and losses from regulatory capital.
The rule limits a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization
does not hold a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets
in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer requirement
is being phased in beginning January 1, 2016 and ending January 1, 2019, when the full capital conservation buffer requirement
will be effective. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to
ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of Total capital,
Tier I capital and Common Equity (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier I capital to
total average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, that the Bank met all capital
adequacy requirements to which it is subject. 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, management
believes the Bank met the requirements to be deemed well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

The Bank s actual capital amounts and ratios
are presented in the following table: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 5: 
     Disclosures about Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities  

Fair value is the exchange price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements must maximize the use of
observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. There is a hierarchy of three levels of inputs that may be used
to measure fair value: 

Level 1  
     Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date.  

Level 2  
     Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.  

Level 3  
     Significant unobservable inputs that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.  

Recurring Measurements 

The following table presents
the fair value measurement of assets recognized in the accompanying balance sheets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies
and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying balance sheets, as well
as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. There were no assets classified within Level
3 of the fair value hierarchy measured on a recurring basis. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Available-for-sale Securities 

Where quoted market prices are available in an active
market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted prices are not available, then fair values
are estimated by using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or independent asset pricing services and pricing
models, the inputs of which are market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including, but not limited to yield curves,
interest rates, volatilities, prepayments, defaults, cumulative loss projections and cash flow. Such securities are classified
within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 

Nonrecurring Measurements 

The Company had no assets measured at fair value on
a non-recurring basis that were revalued during the period ended September 30, 2016. The following table presents fair value measurements
of assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which fair value measurements
fall at June 30, 2016: 

Fair Value Measurement Using     

Fair   Value       
     Quoted Prices in  Active Markets  for Identical  Assets   (Level 1)       
     Significant  Other  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant  Unobservable  Inputs   (Level 3)     

(In thousands)     
 
     June 30, 2016    

Impaired loans - residential    

One-to-four family owner occupied    
     $  276       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  276     
 
     One-to-four family non-owner occupied    
        360       
        -       
        -       
        360     

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies
and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying balance sheets, as
well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. For assets classified within Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy, the process used to develop the reported fair value is described below. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Impaired Loans (Collateral Dependent) 

The fair value of impaired loans with specific allocations
of the allowance for loan losses is generally based on recent real estate appraisals. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation
approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the
appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available.
Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value.
Non-real estate collateral may be valued using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging
reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of
the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business, resulting in a Level 3
fair value classification. Impaired loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. 

Appraisals for collateral-dependent impaired loans
are performed by certified general appraisers (for commercial properties) or certified residential appraisers (for residential
properties) whose qualifications and licenses have been reviewed and verified by the Company. Once received, a member of management
reviews the assumptions and approaches utilized in the appraisal as well as the overall resulting fair value in comparison with
independent data sources such as recent market data or industry-wide statistics. 

Unobservable
(Level 3) Inputs   

The following table presents quantitative information
about unobservable inputs used in nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements: 

Fair Value at June  30, 2016       
     Valuation Technique    
     Unobservable Inputs    
     Range  (Weighted  Average)     

(In thousands)       

Impaired loans (collateral dependent) - one-to-four family owner occupied residential real estate    
     $  276       
     Sales comparison approach    
     Adjustment for differences between the comparable real estate sales    
        10  %  

Impaired loans (collateral dependent) - one-to-four family non-owner occupied residential real estate    
     $  360       
     Sales comparison approach    
     Adjustment for differences between the comparable real estate sales    
        10  %  

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The following table presents the carrying amount and
estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments not carried at fair value and the level within the fair value
hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

The following methods were used to estimate the fair
value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying balance sheets at amounts other than fair value. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Interest-bearing
Time Deposits 

The carrying amount of cash, short-term instruments
and time deposits approximate fair value and are classified as Level 1. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Held-to-Maturity Securities 

The fair value of held-to-maturity securities was
estimated by using pricing models that contain market pricing and information, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics
or discounted cash flows that use credit-adjusted discount rates, resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Loans and Loans Held for Sale 

Fair values of loans are estimated as follows: For
variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values,
resulting in a Level 3 classification. Fair values for other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest
rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality, resulting in a Level 3 classification.
Impaired loans are valued at the lower of cost or fair value of collateral as described previously. The methods utilized to estimate
the fair value of loans do not necessarily represent an exit price. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 

It is not practicable to determine the fair value
of FHLB stock due to restrictions placed on its transferability. 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable 

The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate
fair value, resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Deposits 

The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g.,
interest and non-interest checking, passbook savings, and certain types of money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to
the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amount) resulting in a Level 1 classification. The carrying
amounts of variable rate, fixed-term money market accounts and certificates of deposit approximate their fair values at the reporting
date resulting in a Level 1 classification. Fair values for fixed rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted
cash flows calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected
monthly maturities on time deposits, resulting in a Level 2 classification. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

The fair values of FHLB advances are estimated using
discounted cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements, resulting in a
Level 2 classification. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Off Balance Sheet Instruments 

Fair values of off-balance sheet, credit-related financial
instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the
agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. The fair value of commitments is not material. 

Note 6: 
     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  

Changes
in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component, net of tax, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as
follows:  

There were no material items reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive loss to the statement of operations for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 7: 
     Earnings Per Share  

Earnings per share were computed as follows: 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 8: 
     Employee Stock Ownership Plan  

On January 29, 2015, the Bank announced the formation
of the Mt. Washington Savings Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ), a non-contributory plan for its employees.
As part of the Company s stock conversion, shares were purchased with a loan from MW Bancorp, Inc. All employees of the Bank
meeting certain tenure requirements are entitled to participate in the ESOP. Compensation expense related to the ESOP was $14,000
and $8,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The ESOP had 66,589 and 70,093 unallocated shares
at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The aggregate fair value of the 66,589 unallocated
shares was $1.0 million based on the $15.75 closing price of our common stock on September 30, 2016. 

Note 9: 
     Equity Incentive Plan  

In April 2016, the Company s stockholders authorized
the adoption of the MW Bancorp, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ). No more than 122,662 shares of the
Company s common stock may be issued under the 2016 Plan, of which a maximum of 87,616 may be issued pursuant to the exercise
of stock options and 35,046 may be issued pursuant to restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and unrestricted share awards.
Stock options awarded to employees may be incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options. The shares that may be issued
may be authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The 2016 Plan permits the grant of incentive awards in the form of options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted share and share unit awards, and performance share awards. The 2016 Plan contains annual
and lifetime limits on certain types of awards to individual participants. 

Awards may vest or become exercisable only upon the
achievement of performance measures or based solely on the passage of time after award. Stock options and restricted stock awards
provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the 2016 Plan). 

In May 2016, the Company granted stock options for
60,150 shares to members of the Board of Directors and certain members of management. Each option has an exercise price of $14.88
as determined on the grant date and expires 10 years from the grant date. The fair value of each option award was estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which resulted in a per share fair value of $4.67. The fair value
was calculated for stock options using the following assumptions: expected volatility of 19.46%, a risk-free interest rate of 1.81%,
an expected term of ten years and an expected dividend yield of 0.00%. 

No options granted under the 2016 Plan were exercisable
at September 30, 2016. 

In May 2016, the Company awarded restricted stock
totaling 28,810 shares to members of the Board of Directors and certain members of management. In July 2016, the Company awarded
500 shares of restricted stock to a member of management. The restricted stock awards have vesting periods ranging from three years
to seven years.  Shares of restricted stock granted to employees under the 2016 Plan are subject
to restrictions as to continuous employment for a specified time period following the date of grant. During this period, the holder
is entitled to full voting rights and dividends.   

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Total compensation cost recognized in the income statement
for share-based payment arrangements during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $30,000. 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $681,000 of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plan. That cost is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 6.0 years. 

Note 10: 
     Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

FASB ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts
with Customers . In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued amended guidance on revenue
recognition from contracts with customers. The standard outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting
for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most contract revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific
guidance. The core principle of the amended guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. The amended guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017,
and interim periods within the reporting period, and should be applied either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments recognized at the date of initial application.
Early adoption is prohibited. Management is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on the Company s
financial statements. 

FASB ASU 2016-01   Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.    In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . For public business entities, the
amendments in this update include the elimination of the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used
to estimate fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet,
the requirement to use the exit price notion when measuring fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, the requirement
to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting
from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance
with the fair value option for financial instruments, the requirement for separate presentation of financial assets and financial
liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (that is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance
sheet or accompanying notes to the financial statements, and the amendments clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for
a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity's other deferred
tax assets. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

For public business entities, the amendments in
this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption of the amendments in this update is not permitted, except that early application by public business entities to
financial statements of fiscal years or interim periods that have not yet been issued or, by all other entities, that have not
yet been made available for issuance are permitted as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption for the following amendment:
An entity should present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability
resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk if the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value
in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. An entity should apply the amendments to this update by means
of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Management is currently
evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on the Company s financial statements. 

FASB ASU 2016-02,   Leases.  In February
2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases . Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for
all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: 

A lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted
basis; and   

A right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified
asset for the lease term.   

Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely
unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model
and Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 

The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for
sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer
be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. 

Public business entities should apply the amendments
in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e., January
1, 2019, for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for
capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective
transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in
the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. Management
is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on the Company s financial statements. 

FASB ASU 2016-13   Financial Instruments-Credit
Losses.  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13. The amendments in this ASU replace the incurred loss model for recognition
of credit losses with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses over the life of the loan and requires consideration of
a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to calculate credit loss estimates. The amendments are effective for
public business entities for the first interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of these amendments to the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited) 

Note 11: 
     Change in Corporate Form  

On January 29, 2015, the Bank converted into a stock
savings bank structure with the establishment of a stock holding company, MW Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation, as parent of
the Bank. 

The Bank converted to the stock form of ownership,
followed by the issuance of all of the Bank s outstanding stock to the Company. Pursuant to the Plan, the Bank determined
the total offering value and number of shares of common stock based upon an independent appraiser s valuation. The stock
was priced at $10.00 per share. In addition, the Bank s Board of Directors adopted an ESOP, which subscribed for 8% of the
common stock sold in the offering. Proceeds from the sale of shares totaled $8.8 million. The costs of issuing the common stock
were deducted from the sales proceeds of the offering. 

At the completion of the conversion to stock form,
the Bank established a liquidation account in the amount of retained earnings contained in the final prospectus. The liquidation
account will be maintained for the benefits of eligible savings account holders who maintain deposit accounts in the Bank after
conversion. 

The conversion was accounted for as a change in corporate
form with the historic basis of the Bank s assets, liabilities and equity unchanged as a result. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Management s discussion and analysis
of the financial condition at September 30, 2016 and results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The information contained
in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto,
appearing in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on 

 Form 10-Q. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This document contains forward-looking statements, which can
be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project,   believe,   intend, 
 anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect  and similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements include: statements of goals, intentions and expectations, statements regarding prospects and business strategy, statements
regarding asset quality and market risk, and estimates of future costs, benefits and results. 

These forward-looking statements are subject to significant
risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including, among other things, the following: (1) general economic conditions, (2) competitive
pressure among financial services companies, (3) changes in interest rates, (4) deposit flows, (5) loan demand, (6) changes in
legislation or regulation, (7) changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines, (8) other economic, competitive, governmental,
regulatory and technological factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services; and (9) other risk factors set forth
from time to time in the Company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those described in
 Item 1.A. Risk Factors  of Part I of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2016. 

Because of these and other uncertainties, our actual future
results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. We have no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any changed assumptions, any unanticipated events or any changes in the future. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The discussion and analysis of the financial
condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts
of income and expenses. We consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical. The estimates and assumptions that
we use are based on historical experience and various other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material
impact on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities or our results of operations. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ) was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things,
reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an  emerging growth company  we may delay
adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable
to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Accordingly, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

The following represent our critical accounting
policies: 

Allowance for Loan Losses.   The
allowance for loan losses is the estimated amount considered necessary for probable incurred credit losses in the loan portfolio
at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses which is charged against income.
In determining the allowance for loan losses, management makes significant estimates and has identified this policy as one of our
most critical accounting policies. 

Management performs a quarterly evaluation
of the allowance for loan losses. Consideration is given to a variety of factors in establishing this estimate, including, but
not limited to, current economic conditions, delinquency statistics, geographic and industry concentrations, the adequacy of the
underlying collateral, the financial strength of the borrower, results of internal loan reviews and other relevant factors. This
evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant change. 

The analysis
has two components-specific and general allowances. The specific allowance is for unconfirmed losses related to loans that are
determined to be impaired. Impairment is measured by determining the present value of expected future cash flows or, for collateral-dependent
loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling expenses. If the fair value of the loan is less
than it s carrying value, a charge is recorded for the difference. The general allowance, which is for loans reviewed collectively,
is determined by segregating the remaining loans by type of loan, risk weighting (if applicable) and payment history. We also analyze
historical loss experience, delinquency trends, general economic conditions and geographic and industry concentrations. The historical
loss experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on the Company s actual loss history over the most recent
twelve quarters. All periods are evenly weighted within the twelve quarter loss history. The methodology used in calculation of
loss factors is consistently applied to all loan segments.   This analysis establishes historical
loss percentages and qualitative factors that are applied to the loan groups to determine the amount of the allowance for loan
losses necessary for loans that are reviewed collectively. The qualitative component is critical in determining the allowance for
loan losses as certain trends may indicate the need for changes to the allowance for loan losses based on factors beyond the historical
loss history. Not incorporating a qualitative component could misstate the allowance for loan losses. Actual loan losses may be
significantly more than the allowances we have established, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial results.  

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Deferred Tax Assets.   We use
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred
tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will
not be realized. We exercise significant judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting tax liabilities
and assets. These judgments require us to make projections of future taxable income. The judgments and estimates we make in determining
our deferred tax assets, which are inherently subjective, are reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors
change. Determining the proper valuation allowance for deferred taxes is critical in properly valuing the deferred tax asset and
the related recognition of income tax expense or benefit. At both September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, our deferred tax asset
was reduced by a valuation allowance totaling $1.4 million. 

Fair Value Measurements  . The
fair value of a financial instrument is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction
between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The Company estimates the fair value of a financial instrument
and any related asset impairment using a variety of valuation methods. Where financial instruments are actively traded and have
quoted market prices, quoted market prices are used for fair value. When the financial instruments are not actively traded, other
observable market inputs, such as quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, may be used, if available, to determine
fair value. When observable market prices do not exist, the Company estimates fair value. These estimates are subjective in nature
and imprecision in estimating these factors can impact the amount of gain or loss recorded. A more detailed description of the
fair values measured at each level of the fair value hierarchy and the methodology utilized by the Company can be found in Note
5 to this Form 10-Q    Disclosures About Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities.  

Comparison of Financial
Condition at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016   

Total Assets.   Total assets
were $124.2 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $5.2 million, or 4.4%, over the $119.0 million total at June 30, 2016.
The increase was primarily comprised of an $8.0 million increase in net loans, which was partially offset by a decrease in cash
and cash equivalents of $1.7 million. 

Net Loans.   Net loans increased
by $8.0 million, or 8.0%, to $107.9 million at September 30, 2016, from $99.9 million at June 30, 2016. During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, we originated $18.4 million of loans, which represented approximately 18.1% of our total loan portfolio
at June 30, 2016. These new loan originations were comprised primarily of $7.8 million of one- to four-family residential real
estate loans, $6.0 million of commercial real estate loans, $1.9 million of construction loans and $1.7 of multi-family residential
real estate loans. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we originated $4.2 million of loans held for sale and sold
$4.6 million of loans in the secondary market. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, one- to four-family residential
real estate loans increased $722,000, or 1.1%, to $66.0 million at September 30, 2016, from $65.3 million at June 30, 2016; commercial
real estate loans increased $5.6 million, or 31.8%, to $23.1 million at September 30, 2016; multi-family residential real estate
loans increased $441,000, or 4.9%, to $9.5 million at September 30, 2016; and construction loans increased $972,000, or 14.5%,
to $7.7 million at September 30, 2016. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Increases in loan balances reflect our strategy
to grow and diversify our loan portfolio, with an emphasis on increasing commercial and multi-family residential loans, as we shift
our strategy from our traditional focus on one- to four-family residential loans. Such growth has been achieved amid strong competition
for commercial real estate, multi-family and one- to four-family residential mortgage loans in our market area in the current low
interest rate environment. 

During the latter part of fiscal 2013, we
initiated a program to sell certain fixed-rate, 30-year term mortgage loans in the secondary market. We have sold loans on both
a servicing released and servicing retained basis, in transactions with the Federal Home Loan Bank-Cincinnati ( FHLB ),
through its mortgage purchase program, and other investors. We sold $4.6 million of loans in the three months ended September 30,
2016. Total loans sold with servicing retained totaled $18.2 million at September 30, 2016. Management intends to continue this
sales activity in future periods. 

Investment Securities.   Investment
securities decreased $654,000, or 14.7%, to $3.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $4.5 million at June 30, 2016. The decrease
consisted primarily of principal repayments on mortgage-backed securities, which were partially offset by a purchase of a municipal
security totaling $100,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The yield on our investment securities decreased
to 1.55% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 1.89% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. At September
30, 2016, investment securities classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity consisted of municipal securities and government-sponsored
mortgage-backed securities. 

Premises and Equipment, net.   Premises
and equipment increased $145,000, or 12.5%, to $1.3 million at September 30, 2016. The increase was due primarily to capitalized
costs for construction in progress of the Company s new drive-through ATM/ITM facility adjacent to the Columbia Tusculum
office location. The drive-through will offer customers convenient access to both automated teller machines and interactive teller
machines. This new facility is scheduled to open in December 2016. 

Deposits.   Deposits increased
by $1.3 million, or 1.6%, to $78.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $77.2 million at June 30, 2016. Our core deposits, which
consist of all deposit account types except certificates of deposit, increased $6.5 million, or 17.5%, to $43.5 million at September
30, 2016 from $37.0 million at June 30, 2016. Certificates of deposit decreased $5.2 million, or 13.0%, to $35.0 million at September
30, 2016 from $40.2 million at June 30, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, management continued its strategy
of pursuing growth in demand accounts and other lower cost core deposits. Demand accounts were first offered by the Company during
2013 and totaled $31.0 million at September 30, 2016. Management intends to continue its efforts to increase core deposits, with
a special emphasis on growth in consumer and business demand deposits. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances.   FHLB
advances increased $3.4 million, or 13.4%, to $28.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $25.3 million at June 30, 2016. Management
has pursued a strategy of periodically increasing these advances to take advantage of this low-cost source of funding during the
low interest rate environment to fund the Company s loans and investments. The aggregate cost of these advances was 1.26%
at September 30, 2016, compared to the Company s cost of deposits of 0.90% at that date. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Shareholders  Equity.   Total
shareholders  equity decreased $14,000, or 0.1%, to $16.1 million at September 30, 2016 compared to June 30, 2016. The decrease
was primarily attributable to dividends paid of $89,000, partially offset by net income of $73,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016. 

Comparison of Operating
Results for the Three-Month Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

General.   Net income for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was $73,000, an increase of $26,000, or 55.3%, compared to net income of $47,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net income was primarily due to a $107,000 increase in net interest income,
a $5,000 decrease in the provision for loan losses and a $79,000 increase in noninterest income, which were partially offset by
a $136,000 increase in noninterest expenses and a $29,000 increase in income taxes. 

Average Balance Sheets.   The
following table sets forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated.
All average balances are daily average balances. Nonaccrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have
been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of net deferred costs,
discounts and premiums that are accreted to interest income. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

(1)  Consists of stock in the FHLB and interest-bearing demand
and time deposits in other banks. 

(2)  Net interest rate spread represents the difference between
the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. 

(3)  Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning
assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 

(4)  Net interest margin represents net interest income divided
by average total interest-earning assets. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Interest Income.   Interest
income increased $101,000, or 10.5%, to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $964,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to a $113,000 increase in interest on loans receivable.
The average balance of loans during the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $11.2 million, or 12.0%, from the balance
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average yield on loans increased by two basis points to 3.89% for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.87% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The average balance of investment securities
decreased $1.6 million to $4.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $5.7 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, while the average yield on investment securities decreased by 34 basis points, to 1.55% for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 from 1.89% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest income on other interest-earning assets,
including certificates of deposit in other financial institutions, decreased $1,000, or 3.1%, for the three months ended September
30, 2016, due to a decrease in the average balance of $2.1 million period-to-period, partially offset by an increase in the average
yield of 50 basis points, to 2.08% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Interest income on other interest earning assets
included recognition of $13,000 of a $120,000 Bank Enterprise Award the Company received during fiscal 2015 from the U.S. Government-sponsored
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund ( CDFI ) based on certificates of deposit placed with qualifying
financial institutions participating in the program. The award is being accreted into interest income over the remaining term of
the certificates of deposit, which will expire with recognition of interest income totaling approximately $9,000 in the next quarter. 

Interest Expense.   Total interest
expense decreased $6,000, or 2.1%, to $283,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $289,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense on deposit accounts decreased $13,000, or 6.3%, to $195,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, from $208,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in
the average cost of interest-bearing deposits of 12 basis points to 1.05% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.17%
for the same quarter in 2015, which was partially offset by an increase of $2.7 million, or 3.8%, in the average balance of deposits
to $74.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense on FHLB advances increased
$7,000, or 8.6%, to $88,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $81,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The average balance of advances increased by $3.5 million, or 15.8%, to $26.0 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, while the average cost of these advances decreased by nine basis
points to 1.35% from 1.44%. As noted above, management elected to increase outstanding advances as a source of low-cost funding. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net Interest Income .  Net interest
income increased $107,000, or 15.9%, to $782,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $675,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase reflected the increase in the interest rate spread to 2.58% for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2.36% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and an increase in the average net interest
earning assets of $1.2 million period-to-period. Our net interest margin increased to 2.72% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from 2.52% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The interest rate spread and net interest margin were impacted
by the continuation of the low interest rate environment. 

Provision for Loan Losses.  
Based on our analysis of the factors described in  Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Loan Losses,  we
did not record a provision for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease from the $5,000 recorded for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $1.6 million, or 1.49% of total loans, at September
30, 2016, compared to $1.6 million, or 1.61% of total loans, at June 30, 2016. The decrease in the provision for loan losses in
the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, was due primarily to the continued
low balances of nonperforming loans and delinquent loans in the 2016 period. Total nonperforming loans were $1.2 million at September
30, 2016, compared to $1.1 million at September 30, 2015. Classified loans declined to $1.4 million at September 30, 2016, compared
to $1.5 million at September 30, 2015, and total loans past due greater than 30 days were $676,000 and $601,000 at those respective
dates. Net charge-offs totaled $3,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net recoveries of $3,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. As a percentage of nonperforming loans, the allowance for loan losses was 138.0% at September
30, 2016, compared to 155.3% at September 30, 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses reflects the
estimate we believe to be appropriate to cover probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and 2015. While
we believe the estimates and assumptions used in our determination of the adequacy of the allowance are reasonable, such estimates
and assumptions could be proven incorrect in the future, and the actual amount of future provisions may exceed the amount of past
provisions, and the increase in future provisions that may be required may adversely impact our financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require an increase
in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. 

Non-Interest Income   .  Non-interest
income increased $79,000, or 101.3%, to $157,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $78,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to an increase in gain on sale of loans of $79,000, as the Company continued a program
to sell certain loans in the secondary market. 

Non-Interest Expense.   Non-interest
expense increased $136,000, or 19.4%, to $837,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $701,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a $64,000, or 16.7%, increase in salaries, employee
benefits and directors fees expense, and increases of $28,000, or 73.7%, in occupancy and equipment, and $28,000, or 84.9%, in
data processing. The increase in compensation expense was due in part to the incremental expense associated with the new stock-based
compensation plan, totaling $30,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, coupled with an increase in staffing levels
and normal merit increases period-to-period. The increases in occupancy and equipment and data processing were due primarily to
costs associated with the new branch location period-to-period, which opened in September 2015 and the related growth in loan and
deposit accounts. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Federal Income Taxes.   Federal
income taxes were $29,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to no federal income tax provision in the
same period in 2015. The increase in federal income taxes was due primarily to the $55,000 increase in pre-tax income, as well
as the partial reversal of the impairment valuation allowance maintained on the Company s deferred tax assets recorded in
March 2016. Management evaluated the deferred tax asset based upon a projection of future operating results and determined that
the carrying value of the deferred tax asset was appropriate at September 30, 2016 while a full impairment valuation allowance
was required at September 30, 2015. The Company recognized a partial reversal of the impairment valuation allowance on its deferred
tax assets during the year ended June 30, 2016. The Company had a valuation allowance on its net deferred tax asset of $1.4 million
and $2.1 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additional deferred tax assets will only be recognized in future
periods when it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset can be realized, primarily through the generation of sustainable
taxable income. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources  

Liquidity describes our ability to meet
the financial obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing and
deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers and to fund current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of funds are
deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, proceeds from the sale of loans, and proceeds from maturities,
sales or calls of securities. We also have the ability to borrow from the FHLB. At September 30, 2016, we had the capacity to borrow
approximately $19.7 million from the FHLB and have an additional $10.0 million on a line of credit with the FHLB. At September
30, 2016, we had $28.7 million outstanding in FHLB advances. 

While maturities and scheduled amortization
of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general
interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and short-term investments, including interest-bearing
demand deposits. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending, and investing activities during
any given period. 

Our cash flows are comprised of three primary
classifications: cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. Net cash provided by operating
activities was $1.3 million and $668,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash used in
investing activities, which consists primarily of disbursements for loan originations and the purchase of securities, offset by
principal collections on loans, proceeds from maturing securities and pay downs on mortgage-backed securities, was $7.5 million
and $8.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities,
consisting primarily of the activity in deposit accounts and FHLB advances, was $4.5 million and $7.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These funding increases also reflected our strategy of borrowing at lower interest
rates to fund loan originations. 

We are committed to maintaining a strong
liquidity position. We monitor our liquidity position on a daily basis. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds to meet
our current funding commitments. Based on our deposit retention experience and current pricing strategy, we anticipate that a significant
portion of maturing time deposits will be retained. 

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND  
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank s
capital exceeded all of the Bank s capital adequacy requirements and also exceeded all amounts necessary to be deemed well
capitalized under the prompt corrective action regulations. See Note 4 to the Financial Statements for details. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations  

Commitments.     As a financial
services provider, we routinely are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risks, such as commitments
to extend credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent our future cash requirements, a significant
portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments are subject to the same credit policies
and approval process accorded to loans we make. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had outstanding commitments of $8.6 million
and $5.3 million, respectively, including commitments to originate loans, undisbursed funds on construction loans, funds available
on undrawn lines of credit and stand-by letters of credit. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds available to meet our
current lending commitments. 

Certificates of deposit that are scheduled
to mature in less than one year from September 30, 2016 totaled $19.0 million. Management expects that a substantial portion of
the maturing certificates of deposit will be renewed. However, if a substantial portion of these deposits is not retained, we may
utilize FHLB advances or raise interest rates on deposits to attract new accounts, which may result in higher levels of interest
expense. 

Contractual Obligations.    In
the ordinary course of our operations, we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations include data processing
services, operating leases for equipment and a branch location, and agreements with respect to borrowed funds and deposit liabilities.

ITEM 3  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4  
      Controls and Procedures   

(a) 
      Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.   

Under the supervision and with the participation of
the Registrant s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Registrant evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

(b) 
      Changes in internal controls.   

There has been no change made in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

MW Bancorp, Inc.  

Part II  

  Other Information  

ITEM 1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

We are not involved in any pending legal proceedings
other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. At September 30, 2016, we were not involved
in any legal proceedings the outcome of which would be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

For information on risk factors, please refer to Part
I, Item 1.A.  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.. 

ITEM 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

(a)  There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by this report.   

(b)  Not applicable.   

(c)  There were no issuer repurchases of securities during the period covered by this report.   

ITEM 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None. 

ITEM 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures     

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.   
       Other Information    

None. 

ITEM 6.   
       Exhibits    

Exhibit   

Number   
       
       Description    

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of MW Bancorp, Inc.   

3.2  
       
      Bylaws of MW Bancorp, Inc.   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32  
       
      Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

MW Bancorp, Inc. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MW Bancorp, Inc.   

Date:  
      November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
      /s/Gregory P. Niesen   

Gregory P. Niesen   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  
      November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
      /s/Julie M. Bertsch   

Julie M. Bertsch   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   

Page   
 
      Number  
       
      Description  
       
      Reference   

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of MW Bancorp, Inc.  
       
      Incorporated by reference to registrant's Form S-1 filed on September 10, 2014, Exhibit 3.1 (File No. 333-198668).   

3.2  
       
      Bylaws of MW Bancorp, Inc.  
       
      Incorporated by reference to registrant's Form S-1 filed on September 10, 2014, Exhibit 3.2 (File No. 333-198668).   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      Included herewith.   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      Included herewith.   

32  
       
      Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      Included herewith.   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  
       
      Included herewith.   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
       
      Included herewith.   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
       
      Included herewith.   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
       
      Included herewith.   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
       
      Included herewith.   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
       
      Included herewith.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452542_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

eXHIBIT
31.1   

Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer   

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002   

I, Gregory P. Niesen, the President and Chief Executive Officer
of MW Bancorp, Inc., certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MW Bancorp, Inc.; 

2.   Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.   Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.   The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/Gregory P. Niesen   
 
      Date  
       
      Gregory P. Niesen   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452542_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

eXHIBIT
31.2   

Certification
of the Chief FINANCIAL Officer   

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002   

I, Julie M. Bertsch, the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of MW Bancorp, Inc., certify that: 

1.   I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MW Bancorp, Inc.; 

2.   Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3.   Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.   The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/Julie M. Bertsch   
 
      Date  
       
      Julie M. Bertsch   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 v452542_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

Gregory P. Niesen,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Julie M. Bertsch, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of MW Bancorp,
Inc. (the  Registrant ), each hereby certify, in their capacity as an officer of the Registrant that he/she has reviewed
the quarterly report of the Registrant on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), and that
to the best of his/her knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.   

November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/Gregory P. Niesen   
 
      Date  
       
      Gregory P. Niesen   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/Julie M. Bertsch   
 
      Date  
       
      Julie M. Bertsch   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the SEC or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mwbc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mwbc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mwbc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mwbc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mwbc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mwbc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

