<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-Q_edgar_data_1539892_0001615774-16-008545_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1283465</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66045</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>104945</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>239126</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>470346</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>374272</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008545.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122164137
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMITTED CAPITAL ACQUISITION Corp II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001539892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				454345803
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-192586
		FILM NUMBER:		162013676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 FIFTH AVENUE 22ND FLOOR
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GEORGE CANNON
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 277-5301

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 FIFTH AVENUE 22ND FLOOR
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GEORGE CANNON
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BCM PARTNERS I, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120118

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008545.txt : 20161122

10-Q
 1
 s104769_10q.htm
 10-Q

FORM 10-Q 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

x  
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period September 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________
to ________ 

Commission file number 333-192586 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
         
       45-4345803    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)   
 
      of incorporation or organization)  

c/o Michael Rapp  

  1450 Broadway, 26 th  Floor

New York, New York 10018  

 (Address of principal
executive offices) 

(212) 759-2020  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      .*  

* The registrant has not been subject to
the filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since January 1, 2015; however, registrant filed all reports
since that date that would have been required to be filed if it were subject to Section 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).        Yes  x 
No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company    
      x   

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   x  
No      .  

APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY
PROCEEDINGS DURING 

 THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes      
No      .  

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 13,972,871   shares
of common stock, par value $.00001 per share, outstanding as of November 17, 2016. 

COMMITTED CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION
II  

- INDEX -  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION:     
 
      Item 1.  
      Financial Statements:   

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited)   
     F-2  

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     F-3  

Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
     F-4  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     F-5  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      F-6   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     1  

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     5  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     5     

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION :    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
     6  

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      6   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      6   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      6   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     6  

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      6   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      6   

Signatures   
       
     7  

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements. 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements.  

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements.  

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements.  

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1.  DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on May 18, 2011. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring,
through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, exchangeable share transaction or
other similar business transaction, one or more operating businesses or assets not yet identified ( Business Combination ).
The Company has neither engaged in any operations nor generated revenue to date. 

The Company filed a Form S-1 with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) in connection with its offering to sell up to 7,000,000 units at
a price of $5.00 per unit (the  Offering ).  The underwriters for the Offering were granted an over-allotment
option to purchase up to an additional 1,050,000 units for 45 days after the effectiveness of the registration statement for the
Offering. Each unit consists of one share of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the  Common Stock ), and one
warrant to purchase one half of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.50 per half-share ($5.00 per whole share).  Under
the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use their best efforts to file a post-effective or new registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, following the completion of the Company's initial business transaction.  Each
warrant will become exercisable upon effectiveness of such post-effective amendment or new registration statement and will expire
on the date that is the earlier of (i) five years after the effective date of the registration statement registering the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants or (ii) the forty-fifth (45th) day following the date that the Company s
Common Stock closes at or above $8.00 per share for 20 out of 30 trading days commencing on the effective date.  If the
Company is unable to deliver registered shares of Common Stock to the holder upon exercise of warrants during the exercise period,
there will be no cash settlement of the warrants and the warrants will expire worthless.  The lead underwriter for the
Offering was a related party; see Note 4. 

On April 10, 2014, the registration statement
in connection with the Offering was declared effective. Additionally, on April 11, 2014, the Company filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  The Company has, as amended (see
below), 36 months from April 10, 2014 to complete its Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination
within such 36-month period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably practicable, but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem the Company s public shares for cash equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account less taxes and amounts released to the Company
for working capital purposes, subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably practicable following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate the balance
of the Company s net assets to its remaining stockholders. 

On April 16, 2014, the Company closed the
Offering and issued 7,000,000 equity units for gross proceeds of $35,000,000 consisting of 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock and
warrants to purchase an additional 3,500,000 shares of Common Stock (as described above).   

On April 17, 2014, the representative of
the underwriters advised the Company that it planned to exercise its over-allotment option with respect to 1,000,000 Units (the
 Option Units ) for gross proceeds of $5,000,000. On April 21, 2014, the closing of the Option Units occurred and the
Company issued 1,000,000 equity units for gross proceeds of $5,000,000 consisting of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock and warrants
to purchase an additional 500,000 shares of Common Stock (as described above). The underwriters did not exercise their overallotment
option for the remaining 40,000 Option Units, as a result the initial shareholders forfeited 162,763 initial shares. 

The costs
of the Offering, including the overallotment, were approximately $351,000.  

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The Company held a special meeting of stockholders
on April 8, 2016 to consider and vote upon two proposals to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate (the  Extension
Amendment ) to: (a) extend the date before which the Company must complete a business transaction (the  Termination
Date ) from April 10, 2016 (the  Current Termination Date ) to April 10, 2017 (the  Extended Termination
Date ), and provide that the date for cessation of operations of the Company if the Company has not completed a business
transaction would similarly be extended; and (b) allow holders of the Company s public shares to redeem their public shares,
in connection with the Extension Amendment, for a pro rata portion of the funds available in the trust account (the  trust
account ) established in connection with the Company s initial public offering ( IPO ), and authorize the
Company and the trustee to disburse such redemption payments; and (c) a proposal (the  Trust Amendment ) to amend and
restate the Company s investment management trust agreement, dated April 10, 2014 (the  trust agreement ) by
and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company (the  trustee ) to permit distributions
from the trust account to pay public stockholders properly demanding redemption in connection with the Extension Amendment and
the Trust Amendment; and extend the date on which to commence liquidating the trust account in the event the Company has not consummated
a business transaction from the Current Termination Date to the Extended Termination Date. Both the Extension Agreement and the
Trust Amendment were approved by stockholders at the special meeting and 5,605,929 shares of the Company s common stock were
redeemed for $28,029,645 in connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment and the Trust Amendment. As of September 30,
2016, 2,394,071 shares of the Company s stock issued in its IPO remain outstanding and approximately $12,008,000 remains
in the trust account. 

The Company also held a special meeting of
its warrantholders on April 8, 2016 where the Company s warrantholders voted to approve an amendment (the  Warrant
Amendment ) to the Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2014 (the  Warrant Agreement ), between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, to provide for the conversion of all of the 8,000,000 outstanding warrants
into an aggregate of 80,000 shares of common stock (so that each warrant is converted into one-hundredth (1/100th) of one share)
upon the consummation of a business transaction, and terminate the Warrant Agreement in connection with such conversion, which
the Company believes will increase its strategic opportunities and attractiveness to potential target businesses and future investors
by eliminating the dilutive impact from the warrants. If the Warrant Conversion Proposal is not approved by the warrantholders,
the Company will not effect the Extension Amendment and Trust Amendment unless the board of directors of the Company elects to
waive such condition. If the Extension Amendment and Trust Amendment do not become effective, the Company s warrants will
expire worthless. Both proposals were passed by the warrantholders. 

The Company s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Offering, although substantially all of the net
proceeds of the Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. Furthermore, there is
no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully affect a Business Combination. 

The Company, after signing a definitive agreement
for the acquisition of one or more target businesses or assets, will not submit the transaction for stockholder approval, unless
otherwise required by law. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if it is approved by the board of directors. The
Company will not provide the stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Common Stock for cash equal to their pro
rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account upon the consummation of the Company s initial business
transaction. If a stockholder vote is required by law, the Company will conduct a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules
but will not offer its stockholders the opportunity to redeem their shares of Common Stock in connection with such vote. 

The Company is not limited to a
particular industry, geographic region or minimum transaction value for purposes of consummating its initial business
transaction.  The Company will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
transaction candidate.  The Company does not currently have any specific merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, exchangeable stock transaction or other similar business transaction under
consideration or discussion. 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Subsequent to the closing of the Offering
and the closing of the Option Units, the gross proceeds of $40,000,000 were placed in a trust account ( Trust Account ).  The
gross proceeds are required to be invested in U.S.  government securities,  defined as any Treasury Bill issued by the
United States government having a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180) days or less or money market funds meeting the
conditions specified in Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  Except for a portion of the interest income
that may be released to the Company to pay income or other tax obligations and to fund its working capital requirements, none of
the funds held in the trust account will be released until the earlier of (i) the consummation of a business transaction, (ii)
the Company s redemption of the public shares sold in the Offering if the Company is unable to consummate its initial business
transaction within the 36-month period set forth above, or (iii) the Company s liquidation (if no redemption occurs). 

Following the closing of the Offering
and prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, in order to fund all expenses relating to investigating and
selecting a target business, negotiating an acquisition agreement and consummating such acquisition and the Company s
other working capital requirements, an affiliate of certain initial stockholders has committed to loan the Company funds from
time to time of up to $2,000,000.  See Note 4.  There are no agreements for facilities or services
between the Company and any of its initial stockholders. 

Going concern consideration  

If the Company does not consummate an initial
business transaction by April 10, 2017 (as discussed above), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably practicable, but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem the Company's public
shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less taxes and amounts
released to the Company for working capital purposes, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders' rights as
stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably practicable following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company's remaining stockholders and
the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company's net assets to the remaining stockholders, subject in
each case to the Company's obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Such redemption of public shares from the Company's funds in the trust account shall be done automatically by function of
the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and prior to any voluntary winding up, although at all times subject
to the Delaware General Corporation Law. This mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

There will be no liquidating distribution
with respect to the Company's warrants, which will expire worthless in the event the Company does not consummate an initial business
transaction. The Company expects that all costs associated with the implementation and completion of the Company's liquidation
will be funded by loans and/or advances provided by Broadband Capital Management LLC ( BCM ) and/or its principals
(See Note 4). 

2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of presentation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the SEC s reporting requirements under Regulation S-X and S-K. The accompanying
unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2015 contained in the Company s Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2016. 

The accompanying financial statements are
presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

The financial information is
unaudited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present
fairly the financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of operations and cash flows presented herein have
been included in the financial statements. The financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 and as of December 31, 2015 have been rounded to the nearest thousands of dollars. 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Emerging growth company  

Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ) exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with
new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration
statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the
Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. 

Net loss per common share 

The Company complies with accounting and
disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share.  Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net
loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted loss
per share includes potentially dilutive securities such as outstanding options and warrants, using various methods such as the
treasury stock or modified treasury stock method in the determination of dilutive shares outstanding during each reporting period.
Because the Company reported a net loss in all periods presented, the warrants to purchase 4,000,000 shares of common stock issued
in connection with the Offering have not been included in the diluted net loss per share since these securities would reduce the
loss per common share and become anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common
share for each period presented. 

Concentration of credit risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times may exceed the
Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The fair value of the Company s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates their carrying amounts represented on the balance sheets. 

Use of estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Income taxes 

The Company complies with the accounting
and reporting requirements of FASB ASC, 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an asset and liability approach to financial
accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on
enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $500,000 and $370,000, respectively, related
to net operating loss carryforwards and start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred
tax asset is appropriate at this time. Thus, no asset is recorded on the accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

There were no unrecognized tax benefits as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the
financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits
to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company
recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for
the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company is currently not aware of any issues
under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material change from its position. The Company is subject to
income tax examinations by federal, New York State and New York City, and the earliest tax year the Company is subject to exam
is 2013. The Company charges state franchise taxes to operations and such amounts were approximately $60,000 and $120,000 for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These amounts have not been paid and are accrued on the
balance sheets. 

General and administrative expenses  

Included in general and
administrative expenses are normal costs of operating as a special purpose acquisition company, including professional fees
associated with its corporate matters and public filings, insurance and franchise taxes, and costs to explore business
combination opportunities. In addition, once a business combination target is identified, general and administrative costs
are  likely to include consulting and professional costs for conducting due diligence and preparing agreements, as well as
costs associated with obtaining financing and shareholder approval for the proposed combination, including printing
and distribution costs. 

Recently issued accounting standards 

Management does not believe that any other
recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

3.    INVESTMENT IN TRUST ACCOUNT  

Since the closing of the Offering, the
gross proceeds have been held in the Trust Account. During the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, the Company withdrew
approximately $59,000 of interest income from the Trust to fund tax obligations and working capital needs, as permitted in the
Trust Agreement. As described in Note 1, the Trust Account may be invested in U.S. government securities, defined as any Treasury
Bill or equivalent securities issued by the United States government having a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180) days
or less or money market funds meeting the conditions specified in Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, until the
earlier of (i) the consummation of its initial business transaction or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as
described below. 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Investment securities
in the Trust Account at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consist of an Institutional Money Market Account that meets the
conditions specified in Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 with an investment bank. The Institutional Money Market
Account is classified as a Level 1 investment within the fair value hierarchy. There are no holding gains or losses to date and
there has been approximately $10,000 and $58,000 of interest and dividend income earned for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, and approximately $8,000 and $19,000 of interest and dividend income earned for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

4.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The Company
issued an aggregate approximately $113,000 of unsecured promissory notes to BCM, an affiliate of the Company, consisting of two,
$15,000 unsecured promissory notes to BCM on February 10, 2012 and March 5, 2012 and an approximately $83,000 unsecured promissory
note to BCM on April 23, 2012.   

Following the closing of the Offering and
prior to the consummation of the initial business transaction, BCM has committed to loan the Company funds from time to time of
up to $2,000,000, under an Expense Advancement Agreement, also see Note 1. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
BCM and/or its principals has advanced approximately $735,000 and $637,000, respectively, which is included in the balance sheets
including approximately $53,000 and approximately $98,000, respectively, advanced in the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

All of the notes, loans and /or advances
are non-interest bearing and payable in full at the closing of the Business Combination and are on terms that waive any and all
rights to the funds in the Trust Account. Due to the possibility that the notes, loans and/or advances will be due in less than
a year, they are classified as current liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. 

In addition, Michael Rapp, the Company s
co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and Philip Wagenheim, the Company s co-founder, President, Secretary and
director, both serve as management and are principals of BCM, a registered broker-dealer. BCM was also the lead underwriter of
the offering. 

See Note 5 for details on initial stockholders 
equity transactions, some of which are related parties. 

5.  STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

The Company is authorized by its Certificate
of Incorporation to issue an aggregate of 260,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 250,000,000 are shares of Common Stock
and 10,000,000 are shares of preferred stock, par value $0.00001 per share. 

All outstanding shares of Common Stock
are of the same class and have equal rights and attributes except differences for initial stockholders as described below. The
holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Company. All
stockholders are entitled to share equally in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors
out of funds legally available. In the event of liquidation, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets
remaining after payment of all liabilities. The stockholders do not have cumulative or preemptive rights. 

The 28,375,000 shares of Common Stock issued
to the initial stockholders includes an aggregate of 25,106,250 shares of Common Stock that are subject to forfeiture pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement, so that the initial stockholders and their permitted transferees will own no more than 20%
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Business Combination. Under that agreement, 162,763 shares were
forfeited upon completion of the Offering and overallotment option as described in Note 1 and an additional 16,633,437 were forfeited
in March 2016. As such, 11,578,800 and 28,212,237 shares, respectively, of the 28,375,000 issued to initial stockholders are outstanding
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The initial stockholders have agreed that they will not sell or transfer their initial
shares until the earlier of: (i) one year after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the Business
Combination, the last sales price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $7.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period after the Business Combination
and all public warrants either have been exercised or expired, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Business Combination that results in all of the Company s stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that all or
any part of the initial shares may be transferred in a permitted transfer, as described in the prospectus. 

Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation
II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The initial stockholders and/or their respective
designees will purchase 1,000,000 shares of the common stock (or securities convertible into common stock) at $5.00 per share in
a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Company s initial business transaction for gross proceeds
of $5,000,000. However, except for Michael Rapp and Philip Wagenheim or their respective designees, none of the initial stockholders
will be obligated to purchase shares of common stock (or securities convertible into common stock) in the private placement. The
board of directors will have the ability to increase the size of the private placement at its discretion. 

The initial stockholders are entitled to
registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement executed on April 10, 2014.  The initial stockholders
are entitled to demand registration rights and certain   piggy-back   registration rights with respect
to their shares of Common Stock and the shares of Common Stock issuable in connection with the private placement.  No registration
statement relating to the initial shares or placement shares shall become effective prior to, in each case, the expiration of the
respective lock-up period.  The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

See also Notes 1 and 4. 

6.    COMMITMENTS   CONTINGENCIES  

There is no compensation, commission or discounts
payable to the underwriters except for $25,000, which was paid to Chardan as qualified independent underwriter, and an additional
$25,000 which would be payable to Chardan at the close of the Business Combination. 

On May 10, 2016, the   Company 
received a non-binding term sheet (the   Term Sheet  ) with Serruya Private Equity (  SPE  ),
pursuant to which SPE committed to invest an amount up to $50,000,000 in connection with the closing by the Company of an initial
business transaction, which amount will be in the sole discretion of SPE. The Term Sheet requires that the Company appoint a designee
of SPE to its board of directors, and that the Company further agree not to consummate a Transaction without the unanimous consent
of the Board. To date no investments have been made. 

Pursuant to the Term Sheet, on May 16, 2016,
the Company entered into a letter agreement in which it agreed not to consummate a Transaction without the unanimous consent of
the Board. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

Forward Looking Statement Notice   

Certain statements made in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q are  forward-looking statements  (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995) in regard to the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of Committed Capital Acquisition
Corporation II ( we ,  us ,  our  or the  Company ) to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking
statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties and other factors discussed
below and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and our periodic reports on Form 8-K. The Company's plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving
the Company s business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future
economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict
accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance
the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties
inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation
by the Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved. 

Overview   

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our financial statements, together with the notes to those statements, included elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements because of the risks
and uncertainties inherent in future events. 

We are a blank check company formed on May
18, 2011 for the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization,
exchangeable share transaction or other similar business transaction, one or more operating businesses or assets not yet identified
( Business Combination ). We intend to use cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the  Offering )
in April 2014 (including the exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option), our capital stock, incurred debt, or a
combination of cash, capital stock and debt, in effecting our Business Combination. We are not limited to a particular industry,
geographic region or minimum transaction value for purposes of consummating the Business Combination. 

Prior to the approval of the Extension Amendment
(see Extension Amendment, Trust Amendment and Warrant Conversion Proposal), we had only 24 months from April 10, 2014 to consummate
our Business Combination. If we did not consummate a Business Combination within such 24-month period, we would (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably practicable, but not more than five business days thereafter,
redeem our public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less
taxes and amounts released to us for working capital purposes, subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably practicable
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate
as part of our plan of dissolution and liquidation. 

We have virtually unrestricted flexibility
in identifying and selecting a prospective transaction candidate. We anticipate structuring a business transaction to acquire 100%
of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure a business transaction to acquire
less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business but will not acquire less than a controlling interest. We will
acquire a controlling interest through the acquisition of at least 50.1% of the voting equity interests in the target. 

Extension Amendment, Trust Amendment
and Warrant Conversion Proposal  

The Company held a special meeting of stockholders
on April 8, 2016 to consider and vote upon two proposals to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate (the  Extension
Amendment ) to: (a) extend the date before which the Company must complete a Business Combination (the  Termination
Date ) from April 10, 2016 (the  Current Termination Date ) to April 10, 2017 (the  Extended Termination
Date ), and provide that the date for cessation of operations of the Company if the Company has not completed a Business
Combination would similarly be extended; and (b) allow holders of the Company s public shares to redeem their public shares,
in connection with the Extension Amendment, for a pro rata portion of the funds available in the trust account (the  trust
account ) established in connection with the Company s IPO, and authorize the Company and the trustee to disburse such
redemption payments; and (c) a proposal (the  Trust Amendment ) to amend and restate the Company s investment
management trust agreement, dated April 10, 2014 (the  trust agreement ) by and between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer   Trust Company (the  trustee ) to permit distributions from the trust account to pay public stockholders
properly demanding redemption in connection with the Extension Amendment and the Trust Amendment; and extend the date on which
to commence liquidating the trust account in the event the Company has not consummated a Business Combination from the Current
Termination Date to the Extended Termination Date. Both the Extension Amendment and the Trust Amendment were approved by stockholders
at the special meeting and 5,605,929 shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed for $28,029,645 in connection with
the approval of the Extension Amendment and the Trust Amendment.  As of November 18, 2016, 2,394,071 shares of the Company s
common stock issued in its IPO remain outstanding, and approximately $12,000,000 remains in the trust account. 

The Company also held a special meeting
of its warrantholders on April 8, 2016 where our warrantholders considered and voted on a proposal, the  Warrant Conversion
Proposal,  to approve an amendment (the  Warrant Amendment ) to the Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 10,
2014 (the  Warrant Agreement ), between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company, to provide for
the conversion of all of the 8,000,000 outstanding warrants into an aggregate of 80,000 shares of common stock (so that each warrant
is converted into one-hundredth (1/100th) of one share) upon the consummation of a Business Combination, and terminate the Warrant
Agreement in connection with such conversion, which the Company believes will increase its strategic opportunities and attractiveness
to potential target businesses and future investors by eliminating the dilutive impact from the warrants. The Warrant Amendment
was approved by our warrantholders at the special meeting. 

Other Changes  

We also changed certain material terms relating
to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company s IPO prospectus, previous filings with the SEC and insider letter
agreements entered into with the initial stockholders all contemplated that the 28,375,000 shares of common stock issued to the
initial stockholders included an aggregate of 25,106,250 shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the
terms of the insider letter agreements (of which 16,796,200 shares have been forfeited to date), so that the initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees would own no more than 20% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the business
transaction based on certain assumptions as disclosed in the IPO prospectus. The Company will no longer be adhering to this agreement
that the initial stockholders would own no more than 20% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the business
transaction. Accordingly, the board of directors of the Company may choose in its discretion to forfeit and cancel as many initial
shares as it determines is appropriate in connection with the initial business transaction, which could include the forfeiture
of none of the initial shares. Following a Business Combination, the initial stockholders could continue to own all or substantially
all of its shares and the public stockholders could own a significantly smaller portion of the total outstanding shares of common
stock than as contemplated by the IPO prospectus, previous filings with the SEC and the insider letter agreements. The Company s
IPO prospectus, previous filings with the SEC and insider letter agreements also contemplated a private placement of at least 1,000,000
shares of common stock (or securities convertible into common stock) at $5.00 per share in a private placement to occur concurrently
with the closing of the Company s Business Combination for gross proceeds of $5,000,000. However, neither the Company nor
the initial stockholders that had previously agreed to such placement may adhere to such agreement and accordingly, the size of
the private placement will be determined by the board of directors in connection with the Business Combination, which could result
in a smaller or no private placement consummated in connection with the Business Combination. 

On May 10, 2016, we signed a term sheet
with Serruya Private Equity ( SPE ) which, among other things, provided for an investment of up to $50,000,000 by SPE
in connection with our Business Combination. The amount invested will be at the discretion of SPE. In addition, we agreed to appoint
Aaron Serruya to our board of directors and agreed that we would not close a Business Combination without the unanimous consent
of our board. 

Results of Operations    

We have not generated any revenues to date.
Through September 30, 2016, our efforts were limited to organizational activities, our search for a Business Combination, preparations
for the special meetings of stockholders and warrantholders and activities related to the Offering. It is unlikely we will have
any revenues unless we are able to effect an Business Combination with an operating company, of which there can be no assurance.
Our current plan of operation consists solely of our search to identify suitable candidates for our Business Combination. 

Since the closing of the Offering, the gross
proceeds have been held in a trust account. The trust account may be invested in U.S.  government securities,  defined
as any Treasury Bill or equivalent securities issued by the United States government having a maturity of one hundred and eighty
(180) days or less or money market funds meeting the conditions specified in Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
until the earlier of (i) the consummation of an Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the trust account. 

Shortly after the closing of the Offering,
the proceeds held in the trust account were invested in an Institutional Money Market Account that meets the conditions specified
in Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The value of the trust account was approximately $12,000,000 as of September
30, 2016. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had net losses of $80,000 and $327,000, consisting of accrued franchise taxes, professional fees, expenses related
to our search for a target business and general and administrative expenses. This compares with a net loss of $128,000 and $346,000
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

We will not generate any operating revenues
until after the consummation of our Business Combination, at the earliest. We will continue to generate minimal non-operating income
in the form of interest income on cash held in our trust account. We expect to incur increased expenses through April 2017 as a
result of activities relating to our Business Combination, including due diligence expenses. As we expect to continue to generate
net losses, we do not anticipate incurring substantial income or other tax expense (other than franchise taxes) until the consummation
of our Business Combination, at the earliest. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30, 2016, we
had assets equal to $12,027,000, comprised of cash, cash prepaid expenses and funds in our trust account. This compares with
assets of $40,047,000 as of December 31, 2015, comprised of cash, cash prepaid expenses and funds in our trust account. Our
current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $1,631,000, comprised of accounts payable and accrued
expenses, accrued franchise taxes, promissory notes issued to Broadband Capital Management LLC ( BCM ) and
advances from BCM and/or its affiliates. This compares to our current liabilities as of December 31, 2015 of $1,295,000,
comprised of accounts payable and accrued expenses, accrued franchise taxes, promissory notes issued to BCM and advances from
BCM and/or its affiliates. 

As of September 30, 2016, we owed BCM and/or
its affiliates an aggregate of $848,000, comprised of promissory notes in the amount of $113,000 and advances of $735,000. The
notes are payable upon the consummation of our Business Combination, bear no interest and contain a waiver of any and all rights
to the funds in the trust account resulting from the consummation of the Offering. The advances bear no interest and are payable
upon the consummation of our Business Combination. Following the closing of the Offering and prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination, BCM and/or its affiliates has agreed to loan the Company funds from time to time of up to $2,000,000, including the
amounts above, under an Expense Advancement Agreement discussed further below and in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements. 

Cash flows used in operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $149,000 and $146,000, respectively. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the trust account (net of taxes and amounts released to us for working capital purposes) to consummate our Business
Combination. In addition, on May 10, 2016, we signed a term sheet with SPE which, among other things, provided for an investment
of up to $50,000,000 by SPE in connection with our Business Combination. The amount invested will be at the discretion of SPE and
to date no investments have been made. 

We believe that interest earned on the funds
in the trust account released to us for working capital purposes, if any, and proceeds of the loans provided to us from BCM and/or
its affilaites, and cooperation from our professional service providers will be sufficient to allow us to operate until the Extended
Termination Date. All the expenses relating to the Offering were funded by proceeds from loans with BCM. Prior to the consummation
of our Business Combination, in order to fund all expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business, negotiating
an acquisition agreement and consummating such acquisition and our other working capital requirements, BCM and/or its affiliates
has agreed to loan us funds from time to time, or at any time, up to $2,000,000. All these advances will be due and payable upon
the completion of our Business Combination and will be on terms that waive any and all rights to the funds in the trust account.
We can provide no assurance that we can continue to satisfy our cash requirements until April 2017. 

The terms of such loans will not have any
recourse against the trust account nor pay any interest prior to the consummation of our business transaction and be no more favorable
than could be obtained by a third party. 

We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds other than the loans provided or to be provided to us until the consummation of our Business Combination to meet
the expenditures required for operating our business. However, in addition to the SPE investment commitment, we may need to raise
additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities if such funds are required to consummate a Business Combination
that is presented to us. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously
with the consummation of our Business Combination. Our initial stockholders and their designees have committed to purchase 1,000,000
shares of our common stock at $5.00 per share in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of our Business Combination
for gross proceeds of $5,000,000. However, neither the Company nor the initial stockholders that had previously agreed to such
placement may adhere to such agreement and accordingly, the size of the private placement will be determined by the board of directors
in connection with the initial business transaction, which could result in a smaller or no private placement consummated in connection
with the initial business transaction. 

We have evaluated the appropriate accounting
treatment for the warrants attached to the public units. As we are not required to net-cash settle such warrants under any circumstances,
and assuming we complete a Business Combination, the warrants would be converted into common stock. Accordingly, we intend to classify
such instruments within permanent equity as additional paid-in capital. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

Contractual Obligations   

As a  smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

As a  smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules, regulations and related forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of September 30, 2016, we carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial
officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Changes in Internal Controls   

There have been no changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely
to materially affect our internal controls. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

There are presently no material pending
legal proceedings to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any executive officer, any owner of record or beneficially of
more than five percent of any class of voting securities is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such
proceedings are known to the Registrant to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information.   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.   

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None.  

Item 5. Other Information. 

None.  

Item 6. Exhibits. 

(a) Exhibits
required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.   

101. INS  

XBRL Instance Document   

101.
    SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document   

101. CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Link base Document   

101. DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Link base Document   

101. LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Label Link base Document   

101. PRE  

XBRL Extension Presentation Link base Document   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 22, 2016  
       
       COMMITTED
    CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION II    

By:  
      /s/ Michael Rapp   

Michael Rapp   

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman   

Principal Executive Officer   

Principal Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104769_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Securities and Exchange Commission
Release 34-46427  

I, Michael Rapp, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Committed Capital
Acquisition Corporation II; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) [reserved] / [paragraph omitted pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14]; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 22, 2016  
      /s/ Michael Rapp     

Michael Rapp     

Principal Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104769_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

  and Securities and Exchange Commission
Release 34-46427  

I, Michael Rapp, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Committed Capital
Acquisition Corporation II; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) [reserved] / [paragraph omitted pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14]; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 22, 2016  
      /s/ Michael Rapp   

Michael Rapp   

Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104769_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer*  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation II (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Rapp, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael Rapp   
 
      Michael Rapp   
 
      Principal Executive Officer   
 
      November 22, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104769_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer*  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation II (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended November 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Rapp, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael Rapp  

Michael Rapp  

Principal Financial Officer   

November 22, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ccaqe-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ccaqe-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ccaqe-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ccaqe-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ccaqe-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ccaqe-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

