<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-Q_edgar_data_1460602_0001062993-16-011729_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7761550</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109913</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2538061</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>780348</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3120744</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1100163</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-011729.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014165358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-011729
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Orgenesis Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001460602
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				980583166
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54329
		FILM NUMBER:		161937494

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20271 GOLDENROD LANE
		CITY:			GERMANTOWN
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20876
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(480) 659-6404

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20271 GOLDENROD LANE
		CITY:			GERMANTOWN
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20876

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Orgenesis, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Business Outsourcing Service, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-011729.txt : 20161014

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Orgenesis Inc.: Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C.
20549 
   FORM 10-Q    
 [X]  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the Quarterly Period Ended  August 31, 2016    
  or   
 [   ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the Transition Period from _________ to _________  
  Commission file number:  000-54329    
    ORGENESIS INC.     (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada    
       98-0583166     
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
   
     organization)  
          
  20271 Goldenrod Lane     Germantown, MD 20876
   (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
   (480) 659-6404    (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]     No
[   ]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 Yes [X]     No [   ]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
     [   ]  
     Accelerated filer  
     [   ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer  
     [   ]  
     Smaller reporting company  
     [X]   
   
     (Do not check if a
      smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [  
]     No [X].  
   As of October 13, 2016, there were 114,096,461 shares of
registrant s common stock outstanding.    
 1 

ORGENESIS INC.    FORM 10-Q    FOR THE THREE
AND NINE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016  
  TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page     
   
      PART I.
      UNAUDITED FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1  
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Condensed
      Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2016 and November 30, 2015
        
      3

Condensed
      Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine months Ended
      August 31, 2016 and 2015   
      5

Condensed
      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Capital Deficiency) as of
      August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015   
      6

Condensed
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine months Ended August 31,
      2016 and 2015   
      7    

Notes
      to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   
   
      ITEM
      2.   
      Management s
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
        
      23

ITEM
      3.   
      Quantitative
      and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      32   
   
      ITEM
      4.   
      Controls
      and Procedures   
      32   
   
      PART II. OTHER
      INFORMATION   

ITEM
      1.   
      Legal
      Proceedings   
      35   
   
      ITEM
      1A.   
      Risk
      Factors   
      35   
   
      ITEM
      2.   
      Unregistered
      Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      35

ITEM
      3.   
      Defaults
      Upon Senior Securities   
      35

ITEM
      4.   
      Mine
      Safety Disclosures   
      35

ITEM
      5.   
      Other
      Information   
      35

ITEM
      6.   
      Exhibits
        
      36   
   
       SIGNATURES 
        
      37    
 2 

PART I   UNAUDITED FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  ORGENESIS INC.    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS    (U.S. Dollars in Thousands)    (Unaudited)  
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements.   
 3 

ORGENESIS INC.    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS    (U.S. Dollars in Thousands)    (Unaudited)  
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements.   
 4 

ORGENESIS INC.    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS    (U.S. Dollars in thousands, except share and
loss per share amounts)    (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 5 

ORGENESIS   INC.    CONDENSED  
  CONSOLIDATED     STATEMENTS   OF   CHANGES   IN
  EQUITY     (CAPITAL     DEFICIENCY)  
   (U.S.   Dollars   in   thousands,   except share
  amounts)   (Unaudited)   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 6 

ORGENESIS INC.    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS    (U.S. Dollars in thousands)
   (Unaudited)  
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 7 

ORGENESIS INC.    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    For the Three and Nine months Ended August 31,
2016 and 2015  
  NOTE 1 - GENERAL AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   
 Orgenesis Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the state of
Nevada on June 5, 2008, under the name Business Outsourcing Services, Inc.
Effective August 31, 2011, the Company completed a merger with its subsidiary,
Orgenesis Inc., a Nevada corporation which was incorporated solely to effect a
change in its name. As a result, the Company changed its name from  Business
Outsourcing Services, Inc.  to  Orgenesis Inc.   
 The Company is among the first of a new breed of regenerative
therapy companies with expertise and unique experience in cell therapy
development and manufacturing. It is building a fully-integrated
biopharmaceutical company focused not only on developing its
trans-differentiation technologies for diabetes and vertically integrating
manufacturing that can optimize its abilities to scale-up its technologies for
clinical trials and eventual commercialization, but also do the same for the
technologies of other cell therapy markets in such areas as cell-based cancer
immunotherapies and neurodegenerative diseases. This integrated approach
supports its business philosophy of bringing to market significant
life-improving medical treatments.  
 The Company s cell therapy technology derives from published
work of Prof. Sarah Ferber, our Chief Science Officer and a researcher at THM, a
leading medical hospital and research center in Israel, who established a proof
of concept that demonstrates the capacity to induce a shift in the developmental
fate of cells from the liver and transdifferentiating (converting) them into
 pancreatic beta cell-like  insulin-producing cells. Its development activities
with respect to cell-derived and related therapies, which are conducted through
the Israeli Subsidiary, have, to date, been limited to laboratory and
preclinical testing.  
 The Company s Belgian-based subsidiary, MaSTherCell, is a
contract development manufacturing organization, or CDMO, specialized in cell
therapy development for advanced medicinal products. MaSTherCell offers two
types of services to its customers: (i) process and assay development services
and (ii) Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) contract manufacturing services.
 
 The Company is leveraging the expertise and experience of
MaSTherCell in cell process development and manufacturing capability in order to
build a fully integrated bio-pharmaceutical company in the cell therapy
development and manufacturing area.  
 As used in this report and unless otherwise indicated, the term
 Company  refers to Orgenesis Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
( Subsidiaries ). Unless otherwise specified, all amounts are expressed in
United States dollars.  
  Basis of Presentation       
 These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of
the Company and its subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial statements. Accordingly, they
do not contain all information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for annual
financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed
consolidated interim financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include
normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the Company s
consolidated financial position as of August 31, 2016, and the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended August 31,
2016 and 2015, and the changes in equity (capital deficiency) and cash flows for
the nine months period ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. The results for the nine
months ended August 31, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the year ending November 30, 2016. These unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2015.  
 8 

Going Concern   
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As of August 31, 2016, the Company had not achieved profitable operations, has
accumulated losses of $27 million (since inception), has negative cash flows
from operating activities, has a working deficiency of $9.6 million and expects
to incur further losses in the development of its business. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to
obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to attain
profitability. The Company needs to raise significant funds on an immediate
basis in order to continue to meet its liquidity needs, realize its business
plan and maintain operations. The Company s current cash resources are not
sufficient to support its operations as presently conducted or permit it to take
advantage of business opportunities that may arise. Management of the Company is
continuing its efforts to secure funds through equity and/or debt instruments
for its operations.  
 The condensed consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There
can be no assurance that management will be successful in implementing a
business plan or that the successful implementation of a business plan will
actually improve the Company s operating results. If the Company is unable to
obtain the necessary capital, the Company may have to cease operations.  
 The Company has been funding its operations primarily from
revenue and the proceeds from private placements of the Company s convertible
and equity securities. From December 2015 through August 2016, the Company
received proceeds of approximately $4.4 million from customers, $1.5 million
from a private placement to certain accredited investors of its unsecured equity
stock and $1.3 million from the proceeds of convertible loans. In addition,
after the period ended August 31, 2016, the Company raised an additional $50
thousand from convertible loans and received $1.2 million (1 million Euro) loan.
 
  NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of
the previous financial year except as described below.  
  Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09),  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers . ASU 2014-09 will supersede most current revenue
recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The underlying
principle is that an entity will recognize revenue upon the transfer of goods or
services to customers in an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in
exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a five-step analysis
of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. Other major
provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of
the time value of money in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of
variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in
certain circumstances. The guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from an entity s contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for interim
and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016 (early adoption is
not permitted). The guidance permits the use of either a retrospective or
cumulative effect transition method. On July 9, 2015, the FASB decided to delay
the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year, which resulted in
the guidance being effective for interim and annual periods beginning on or
after December 31, 2017. The FASB also agreed to allow entities to choose to
adopt the standard as of the original effective date. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this standard.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern  (Subtopic 205-40),
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern.  Continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as
the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s
liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this
presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting.
Prior to this, there was no guidance under U.S. GAAP about management s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote
disclosures. The amendments in this update provide that guidance. In doing so,
the amendments reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an
entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding
upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.
Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term  substantial
doubt , (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim
periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of
management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is
alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) require an
express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not
alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the
date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). For
the period ended November 30, 2015, management evaluated the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern and concluded that substantial doubt has not been
alleviated about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. While the
Company continues to explore further significant sources of financing,
management s assessment was based on the uncertainty related to the
availability, amount and nature of such financing over the next twelve months.  
 9 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities . The pronouncement requires equity investments (except
those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result
in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in
fair value recognized in net income. ASU 2016-01 requires public business
entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial
instruments for disclosure purposes, requires separate presentation of financial
assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial
asset, and eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose
the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that
is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized
cost. These changes become effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning
January 1, 2018. The expected adoption method of ASU 2016-01 is being evaluated
by the Company and the adoption is not expected to have a significant impact on
the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases 
(Topic 842), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases
(Topic 840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize leases on their balance
sheets, and leaves lessor accounting largely unchanged. The amendments in this
ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all
entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases
existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an
option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06,  Contingent Put
and Call Options in Debt Instruments    (Topic 815), which requires that
embedded derivatives be separated from the host contract and accounted for
separately as derivatives if certain criteria are met. One of those criteria is
that the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivatives are not
clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the
host contract (the  clearly and closely related  criterion). The amendments in
this Update clarify what steps are required when assessing whether the economic
characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely related
to the economic characteristics and risks of their debt hosts, which is one of
the criteria for bifurcating an embedded derivative. Consequently, when a call
(put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess
whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is
related to interest rates or credit risks. The amendments are an improvement to
GAAP because they eliminate diversity in practice in assessing embedded
contingent call (put) options in debt instruments. The amendments in this ASU
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its
consolidated financial statements.    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , as part of its simplification
initiative. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects
of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification on the statement of cash flows. Some of the areas for
simplification apply only to nonpublic entities. The amendments in this ASU are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all
entities. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on
its consolidated financial statements.  
 10 

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
("FASB") issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2016-15, Statement of Cash
Flows Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which clarifies
existing guidance related to accounting for cash receipts and cash payments and
classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December
15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  
  NOTE 3   ACQUISITION OF MASTHERCELL   
  Description of the Transaction   
 The Company entered into a share exchange agreement dated
November 3, 2014, as subsequently amended (the "Share Exchange Agreement" or
"SEA"), with MaSTherCell SA, Cell Therapy Holding SA (collectively
 MaSTherCell ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, which closed on March
2, 2015 in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding shares of MaSTherCell,
the Company issued to the former shareholders of MaSTherCell an aggregate of
42,401,724 shares (the  Consideration Shares ) of common stock at a price of
$0.58 per share for an aggregate price of $24.6 million. Out of the
Consideration Shares, 8,173,483 shares were allocated to the bondholders of
MaSTherCell in case of conversion.  
 On November 12, 2015, the Company and MaSTherCell and each of
the former shareholders of MaSTherCell (the  MaSTherCell Shareholders ), entered
into an amendment ( Amendment No. 2 ) to the Share Exchange Agreement. Under
Amendment No. 2, the MaSTherCell Shareholders option to unwind the transaction
as contained in the original Share Exchange Agreement (the  Unwind Option ) was
extended to November 30, 2015. In addition the Company agreed to remit to
MaSTherCell, by way of an equity investment, the sum of EUR 3.8 million by
November 30, 2015 (the  Initial Investment ), to be followed by a subsequent
equity investment by December 31, 2015 in MaSTherCell of EUR 1.2 million. The
extended right of the MaSTherCell Shareholders to unwind the transaction could
have been exercised by them only if the Company had not achieved the Post
Closing Financing and/or completed the Initial Investment (as defined) by
November 30, 2015.  
 In connection with the equity investment, on December 10, 2015,
the Company agreed to invest EUR 2.2 million in MaSTherCell equity in addition
to the Initial Investment, which additional amount becomes due upon the request
of the MaSTherCell board of directors, of whom Company directors/officers
currently represent a majority. The Company s agreement represents an increase
of EUR 1 million over the amount which the Company was previously obligated to
invest in MaSTherCell under the Share Exchange Agreement as additional equity
and replaces any funding obligation that the Company had under the SEA, as
amended.  
 On December 10, 2015, the Company remitted to MaSTherCell the
Initial Investment of   3.8 million or $4.1 million (out of the original
obligation for investment of  6 million), in compliance with its obligations as
required under the Share Exchange Agreement. As a result, the Unwind Option was
canceled and all the shares that were issued, have been reclassed from
redeemable common stock into equity.    
 During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, the Company
remitted to MaSTherCell an additional $1.5 million (  1.4 million), in
compliance with its obligations.  
  NOTE 4 - SEGMENT INFORMATION   
 The Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") is the Company s chief
operating decision-maker ("CODM"). Following the acquisition of MaSTherCell,
management has determined that there are two operating segments, based on the
Company's organizational structure, its business activities and information
reviewed by the CODM for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing
performance.  
  CDMO   
 The CDMO activity is operated by MaSTherCell, which specializes
in cell therapy development for advanced medicinal products. MaSTherCell is
providing two types of services to its customers: (i) process and assay
development services and (ii) GMP contract manufacturing services. The CDMO segment includes only the results of MaSTherCell.  
 11 

CTB   
 The Cellular Therapy Business ( CTB ) activity is based on the
technology licensed by the Israeli Subsidiary, that demonstrates the capacity to
induce a shift in the developmental fate of cells from the liver and
differentiating (converting) them into  pancreatic beta cell-like  insulin
producing cells for patients with Type 1 Diabetes. This segment is comprised of
all entities aside from MaSTherCell.  
 The Company assesses the performance based on a measure of
"Adjusted EBIT" (earnings before financial expenses and tax, and excluding
share-based compensation expenses and non-recurring income or expenses). The
measure of assets has not been disclosed for each segment.  
 Segment data for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 is as
follows:  

Segment data for the nine months ended August 31, 2015 is as
follows:  
 
 12 

Segment data for the three months ended
August 31, 2016 is as follows:  
 
 Segment data for the three months ended
August 31, 2015 is as follows:  
 
  Geographic, Product and Customer
Information   
 Substantially all of the Company's
revenues and long lived assets are located in Belgium.  
 13 

Revenues from single customers from the CDMO segment that
exceed 10% of total net revenues are: 

NOTE 5   CONVERTIBLE LOAN AGREEMENTS   
 (a)      During the year ended
November 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company entered into six convertible loan
agreements (out of which five during 2015) with new investors for a total amount
of $1 million (the  Convertible Loans ), interest is calculated at 6% annually
and was payable, along with the principal on or before the maturity date.  
 On April 27, 2016 and December 23, 2015, the holders of all the
Convertible Loans and the Company agreed to convert the Convertible Loans and
accrued interest into units of the Company s common stock, each unit comprising
one share of the Company s common stock and one three-year warrant to purchase
an additional share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.52.
Upon conversion of the Convertible Loans, the Company issued an aggregate of
1,976,330 shares of Common stock and three year warrants to purchase up to an
additional 1,976,330 shares. Furthermore, in the event the Company issues any
common shares or securities convertible into common shares in a private
placement for cash at a price less than $0.52 (the  New Issuance Price ) on or
before December 23, 2016, the Company will issue, for no additional
consideration, additional common shares to subscribers, according to the
mechanism defined in the agreements. This provision does not apply to issuance
of shares under options, issuance of shares under existing rights to acquire
shares, nor issuance of shares for non-cash consideration.  
 The Company allocated the principal amount of the convertible
loans and the accrued interest thereon based on their fair value.  
 The table below presents the fair value of the instruments
issued as of the conversion dates and the allocation of the proceeds (for the
fair value as of August 31, 2016, see Note 10):  

(b)       On April 27, 2016, the
Company entered into an assignment and assumption of debt agreement with Nine
Investments Ltd. ( Nine Investments ) and Admiral Ventures Inc. ( Admiral ).
Pursuant to the terms of a Convertible Loan Agreement dated May 29, 2014, as
amended on December 2014 (collectively, the "Loan Agreement"), Nine Investments
agreed to assign and transfer to Admiral all of the Company s obligations for
the outstanding amount of the Loan Agreement. Additional amendments to the
provisions of the Loan Agreement were included the following:  
 (1)      
Extending the due date of the loan of $1.5 million through September 30, 2016;
 
 (2)      
The Company paid to Admiral an extension fee in the form of 288,461 units, each
unit was comprised of one common share and one, three-year warrant for one
common share at an exercise price of $0.52 per common share. The fair value of the warrants as of
the grant date was $34 thousand. Using the Black-Scholes model, the shares were
valued at the fair value of the Company s common stock as of April 27, 2016, or
$0.28; and  
 14 

(3)      
The Company shall accrue additional interest totalling $55 thousand for the
period from January 31, 2015 to December 31, 2015. In addition the interest rate
shall be 12% per annum commencing from January 1, 2016.  
 The Company accounted for the above changes as an
extinguishment of the old debt and issuance of a new debt. As a result, a loss
of $229 thousand was recorded within financial expenses. 
 As of the date of the approval of these financial statements,
the Company has not repaid any portion of the loan, and the Company is working
on further extending the agreement upon mutually agreeable terms. No assurance
can be given that the Company will be able to successfully extend the due date
on commercially acceptable terms.  
 (c)       During the three months
ended August 31, 2016 the Company entered into several unsecured convertible
note agreements with accredited or offshore investors for an aggregate amount of
$1.3 million. The loans bear an annual interest rate of 6% and mature in two
years, unless converted earlier. Upon an occurrence of a default, the loans bear
interest at a per annum rate of 12%  
 The entire principal amount under the notes and accrued
interest shall automatically convert into  Units  (as defined below) upon the
earlier to occur of any of the following: (i) the closing of an offering of
equity securities of the Company with gross proceeds to the Company greater than
$10 million ( Qualified Offering ) (ii) the trading of the Company s common
stock on the over-the counter market or an exchange at a weighted average price
of at least $0.52 for fifty (50) consecutive trading days, or (iii) the listing
of the Company s Common Stock on a U.S. National Exchange (each a  Conversion
Event ). Each $0.52 of principal amount and accrued interest due shall convert
into (a  Unit ), consisting of one share of Common Stock and one three-year
warrant exercisable into an additional share of common stock at a per share
exercise price of $0.52, provided that, if more favorable to the holder, any
principal amount and accrued interest due shall convert into securities on the
same basis as such securities are sold in the Qualified Offering. At any time,
the holder may convert the principal amount and accrued interest outstanding
into Units as provided above. In addition, if a Conversion Event does not occur
within 12 months of the issuance date hereof, then the holder, at its option,
may convert the outstanding principal amount and accrued interest under this
note into either (i) Units as provided above, or (ii) shares of the Company s
common stock at a per share conversion price of $0.40.  
 Since the stock price is greater than the effective conversion
price on the measurement date, the conversion feature is considered "beneficial"
to the holders and equal to $245 thousand. The difference is treated as issued
equity and reduces the carrying value of the host debt; the discount is accreted
as deemed interest on the debt. 
 The transaction costs were approximately $164 thousand, out of
which $53 thousand as stock based compensation due to issuance of warrants. See
also Note 8c.4).  
  NOTE 6   COMMITMENTS  
  Collaboration Agreements   
 1)       On March 14, 2016, the
Israel subsidiary, entered into a collaboration agreement with CureCell Co.,
Ltd. ( CureCell ), initially for the purpose of applying for a grant from the
Korea Israel Industrial R D Foundation ("Koril-RDF") for pre-clinical and
clinical activities related to the commercialization of Orgenesis Ltd. s AIP
cell therapy product in Korea ("Koril Grant"). Subject to receiving the Koril
Grant, the Parties agreed to carry out at their own expense their respective
commitments under the work plan approved by Koril-RDF and any additional work
plan to be agreed between the Israeli Subsidiary and CureCell. The Israeli
Subsidiary will own sole rights to any intellectual property developed from the
collaboration which is derived under the Israeli Subsidiary s AIP cell therapy
product, information licensed from THM. Subject to obtaining the requisite
approval needed to commence commercialization in Korea, the Israel subsidiary
has agreed to grant to CureCell, or a fully owned subsidiary thereof, under a
separate sub-license agreement an exclusive sub-license to the intellectual
property underlying the Company s API product solely for commercialization of
the Israel subsidiary products in Korea. As part of any such license, CureCell has agreed to pay annual license fees,
ongoing royalties based on net sales generated by CureCell and its sublicensees,
milestone payments and sublicense fees. Under the agreement, CureCell is
entitled to share in the net profits derived by the Israeli Subsidiary from
world - wide sales (except for sales in Korea) of any product developed as
a result of the collaboration with CureCell. Additionally, CureCell was given
the first right to obtain exclusive commercialization rights in Japan of the AIP
product, subject to CureCell procuring all of the regulatory approvals required
for commercialization in Japan.  
 15 

2)       On March 14, 2016,
Orgenesis Inc. and CureCell Co., Ltd. ( CureCell ) entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement (the  JVA ) pursuant to which the parties will collaborate in the
contract development and manufacturing of cell therapy products in Korea. The
parties intend to pursue the joint venture through a newly established Korean
company (the  JV Company ) which the Company by itself, or together with a
designee, will hold a 50% participating interest therein, with the remaining 50%
participating interest being held by CureCell. Under the JVA, CureCell is to
procure, at its sole expense, a GMP facility and appropriate staff in Korea for
the manufacture of the cell therapy products. The Company will share with
CureCell the Company s know-how in the field of cell therapy manufacturing,
which know-how will not include the intellectual property included in the
license from the Tel Hashomer Hospital in Israel to the Israeli subsidiary. In
addition, each party shall be required to perform its respective obligations
according to a detailed work plan to be agreed upon by CureCell and Company
within no later than 30 days following the execution of the JVA. Under the JVA,
the Company and CureCell each undertook to remit, within two years of the
execution of the JVA, $2 million to the JV Company, of which $1 million is to be
in cash and the balance in an in-kind investment, the scope and valuation of
which shall be preapproved in writing by CureCell and the Company. The Company s
funding will be made by way of a convertible loan to the JV Company or the joint
venture (if the JV Company is not established). The JVA provides that, under
certain specified conditions, the Company can require CureCell to sell to the
Company its participating (including equity) interest in the JV Company in
consideration for the issuance of the Company s common stock based on the then
valuation of the JV Company.  
 3)       On May 10, 2016 (the
 Effective Date ), Orgenesis Inc. and Atvio Biotech Ltd., a newly formed Israeli
company ( Atvio ) entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the  JVA ) pursuant to
which the parties agreed to collaborate in the contract development and
manufacturing of cell and virus therapy products in the field of regenerative
medicine in the State of Israel. The parties intend to pursue the joint venture
through Atvio, in which the Company will have a 50% participating interest
therein. Under the JVA, Atvio is to procure, at its sole expense, a GMP facility
and appropriate staff in Israel. The Company will share with Atvio the Company s
know-how in the field of cell therapy manufacturing, which know-how will not
include the intellectual property included in the license from the Tel Hashomer
Hospital in Israel to the Israeli Subsidiary. The parties are to create a
mutually agreeable work plan within 60 days following the execution of the JVA,
detailing each party s respective obligations. Subject to the adoption of a work
plan acceptable to the Company, the Company shall remit to Atvio $1 million to
defray the costs associated with the setting up and the maintenance of the GMP
facility, all or part of which may be contributed by way of in kind services as
agreed to in the work plan. The Company s funding will be made by way of a
convertible loan to Atvio, which shall be convertible at the Company s option at
any time into 50% of the then outstanding equity capital immediately following
such conversion. In addition, within a year from the Effective Date the Company
has the option to require the Atvio shareholders to transfer to the Company the
entirety of their interest in Atvio for the consideration specified in the
agreement. Within three years from the Effective Date, the Atvio shareholders
shall have the option to require the Company to purchase from Atvios'
shareholders their entire interest in Atvio for the consideration specified in
the agreement. The activities of Atvio began after the period ended August 31,
2016. As of August 31, 2016, Atvio had immaterial setup costs.  
  Grants   
 1)       On April 2016, the
Belgian Subsidiary received the formal approval from the Walloon Region, Belgium
(Service Public of Wallonia, DGO6) for a budgeted EUR 1,304 thousand support
program for the development of a potential cure for Type 1 Diabetes. The
financial support is awarded to the Belgium subsidiary as a recoverable advance
payment at 55% of budgeted costs, or for a total of EUR 717 thousand ($800
thousand). The grant will be paid to Orgenesis over the project period.  
 2)       On May 26, 2016, the
Israeli Subsidiary entered into a pharma Cooperation and Project Funding
Agreement (CPFA) with KORIL and CureCell. KORIL will give a conditional grant of
up to $400 thousand each (according to terms defined in the agreement), for a joint
research and development project for the use of Autologous Insulin Producing
(AIP) Cells for the Treatment of Diabetes (the  Project ). The Project started
on June 1, 2016. Upon the conclusion of product development, the grant shall be
repaid at the yearly rate of 2.5% of gross sales. The grant will be used solely
to finance the costs to conduct the research of the project during a period of
18 months starting on June 1, 2016. On June 2016, the Israeli Subsidiary
received $160 thousand under the grant.  
 16 

NOTE 7   EQUITY  

a.   
     
        Share Capital     
 The Company s common shares are traded
on the OTCQB Venture Market under the symbol  ORGS .  

b.  
     
        Financings     
 During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, the Company
entered into definitive agreements with accredited and other qualified investors
relating to a private placement (the  Private Placement ) of (i) 2,860,578
shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) three year warrants to purchase up
to an additional 2,860,578 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a per share
exercise price of $0.52. The purchased securities were issued pursuant to
subscription agreements between the Company and the purchasers for aggregate
proceeds to the Company of $1,488 thousand. Furthermore, in certain events
(according to terms defined in the agreements) the Company will issue, for no
additional consideration, additional common shares to subscribers which total
each Subscriber s subscription proceeds divided by the New Issuance Price, minus
the number of shares already issued to such subscriber (See also Note 10).  
 The Company allocated the proceeds from the private placement
based on the fair value of the warrants and the price protection derivative
components. The residual amount was allocated to the shares.  
 The table below presents the fair value of the instruments
issued as of the closing dates and the allocation of the proceeds (for the fair
value as of August 31, 2016, see Note 10):  

NOTE 8   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION   

a.   
     
        Options Granted to Employees and
  Directors     
 On April 27, 2016, the Company
approved an aggregate of 1,104,950 stock options to the Company s Chief
Executive Officer that are exercisable at $0.0001 per share and an aggregate of
1,641,300 stock options to the Chief Executive Officer of the U.S. Subsidiary
that are exercisable at $.0.28 per share. The options vested immediately with a
fair value as of the date of grant of $622 thousand using the Black-Scholes
valuation model.  

b.   
     
        Options Granted to
Consultant     
 On March 1, 2016 the Company
entered into a consulting agreement for professional services for a period of
one year. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company granted to a consultant
1 million options exercisable at $0.30 per share. The options shall vest
quarterly over a period of one year, but shall immediately vest prior to such
one-year period if there is an acquisition of 40% or more of the Company or upon
funding of $5 million or more in financing. The fair value of those options as
of the date of grant was $187 thousand using the Black-Scholes valuation model.
 
 17 

c.   
     
        Shares Issued to
Consultants     
 1)      
On March 1, 2016, the Company entered into a consulting agreement for
professional services for a period of one year. Under the terms of the
agreement, the Company agreed to grant the consultant 250 thousand shares of
restricted common stock. The fair value of the Company s common stock as of the
date of grant was $0.30. In addition, the Company will pay a retainer fee of
$10,000 per month, consisting of $5,000 cash per month and $5,000 shall be
payable in shares of the Company s common stock at a value equal to the price
paid for the equity capital raise of at least $3 million (the  financing ). The
cash fee per month and shares shall be issued upon completion of the financing.
The fair value of the shares as of August 31, 2016, was $25 thousand. 
 2)      
On April 27, 2016, the Company entered into a consulting agreement for
professional services for a period of one year with two consultants. Under the
terms of the agreements, the Company agreed to grant the consultants an
aggregage of 1.2 million shares of restricted common stock that vested on grant
date. The fair value of the Company s common stock as of the date of grant was
$0.28.  
 3)      
On May 1, 2016, the Company entered into a consulting agreement for professional
services for a period of one year. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company
agreed to grant a consultant 1 million shares of restricted common stock, of
which the first 350,000 shares will vest immediately, 350,000 shares are to vest
90 days following the agreement date and 300,000 shares are schedule to vest 180
following the agreement date. The fair value of the Company s common stock as of
the date of grant of the first tranche was $0.28. With respect to each
subsequent tranche, the fair value of the Company s common stock as of August
31, 2016, was $0.35.  
 4)      
On August 9, 2016, the Company granted to three consultants 75,885 warrants each
exercisable at $0.52 per share for three years. The fair value of those options
as of the date of grant was $53 thousand using the Black-Scholes valuation
model. The warrants were granted as a success fee with respect to the issuance
of the convertible notes during the three months period ended August 31, 2016.
 
  NOTE 9   LOSS PER SHARE   
 The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and
diluted loss per share for the periods indicated:  
 
 18 

Diluted loss per share does not include 16,954,564 shares
underlying outstanding options, 20,971,190 shares issuable upon exercise of
warrants, 800,000 shares due to stock-based compensation to service providers
and 7,365,719 shares upon conversion of convertible notes for the nine and three
months ended August 31, 2016, because the effect of their inclusion in the
computation would be anti-dilutive.  
 Basic loss per share does not include 42,401,724 of redeemable
common stock since the contingent criteria regarding the unwind option has not
been met as of August 31, 2015.  
 Diluted loss per share as of August 31, 2015, does not include
42,401,724 redeemable common stock, 12,899,314 shares underlying outstanding
options, 2,942,256 shares due to stock-based compensation to service providers,
because the effect of their inclusion in the computation would be anti-dilutive.
 
  NOTE 10 - FAIR VALUE PRESENTATION   
 The Company measures fair value and discloses fair value
measurements for financial assets and liabilities. Fair value is based on the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The
accounting standard establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three broad
levels, which are described below: 

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
      that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The
      fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs.

Level 2: Observable inputs that are based on inputs not
      quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data.    

Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little
      or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest
priority to Level 3 inputs.     
 In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation
techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs, to the extent possible, and considers credit risk in its
assessment of fair value. 
 As of August 31, 2016 and November 30, 2015, the Company s
liabilities that are measured at fair value and classified as level 3 fair value
are as follows (in thousands):  

*  
     
       The embedded derivative is presented in the Company's
      balance sheets on a combined basis with the related host contract (the
      convertible loans).    
 (1)     The fair value of the warrants,
price protection derivative and embedded derivatives is determined by using a
Monte Carlo Simulation Model. This model, in contrast to a closed form model,
such as the Black-Scholes Model, enables the Company to take into
consideration the conversion price changes over the conversion period of the
loan, and therefore is more appropriate in this case. 
 19 

(2)      The fair value of the
convertible bonds described in Note 7 of the Annual Report is determined by
using a binomial model for the valuation of the embedded derivative and the fair
value of the bond was calculated based on the effective rate on the valuation
date (6%). The binomial model used the forecast of the Company share price
during the convertible bond's contractual term. Since the convertible bond is in
Euro and the model is in USD, the Company has used the Euro/USD forward rates
for each period. In order to solve for the embedded derivative fair value, the
calculation was performed as follows:  

Stage A - The model calculates a number of potential
      future share prices of the Company based on the volatility and risk-free
      interest rate assumptions.    

Stage B - the embedded derivative value is calculated
      "backwards" in a way that takes into account the maximum value between
      holding the bonds until maturity or converting the bonds.
      
 The following table presents the assumptions that were used for
the models as of August 31, 2016:  

The fair value of the convertible bonds is equal to their
principal amount and the aggregate accrued interest. 
 The following table presents the assumptions that were used for
the models as of November 30, 2015:  

The table below sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair
value of the Company s financial liabilities classified as Level 3 for the nine
months ended August 31, 2016:  
 
 20 

There were no transfers to or from Level 3 during the three
months ended August 31, 2016.  
 The Company has performed a sensitivity analysis of the results
for the warrants fair value to changes in the assumptions for expected
volatility with the following parameters: 
 
 The Company has performed a sensitivity analysis of the results
for the price protection derivative fair value to changes in the assumptions
expected volatility with the following parameters:  
 
 The Company has performed a sensitivity analysis of the results
for the Embedded Derivative fair value to changes in the assumptions expected
volatility with the following parameters:  
 
 The table below sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair
value of the Company s financial liabilities classified as Level 3 for the year
ended November 30, 2015:  
 
 (*) During the twelve months ended November 30, 2015, 1,826,718
warrants had expired. There were no transfers to or from Level 3 during the
twelve months ended November 30, 2015.  
  NOTE 11 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
 On September 6, 2016, the Company entered into unsecured
convertible notes agreements with accredited or offshore investors for an
aggregate amount of $50 thousand. The notes bear an annual interest rate of 6%
and mature at September 6, 2018, unless earlier converted, at the election of
the Holder, the Maturity Date shall be at the earlier of (i) 10th business day
following the receipt by the Company of funds from the DGO6 in respect of the
previously approved budget and (ii) December 31, 2016. 
 The entire principal amount under the notes and accrued
interest shall automatically convert into  Units  (as defined below) upon the
earlier to occur of any of the following: (i) the closing of an offering of
equity securities of the Company with gross proceeds to the Company greater than $10
million ( Qualified Offering ) (ii) the trading of the Company s common stock on
the over-the counter market or an exchange at a weighted average price of at
least $0.52 for fifty (50) consecutive trading days, or (iii) the listing of the
Company s Common Stock on a U.S. National Exchange (each a  Conversion Event ).
Each $0.52 of principal amount and accrued interest due shall convert into (a
 Unit ), consisting of one share of Common Stock and one three-year warrant
exercisable into an additional share of common stock at a per share exercise
price of $0.52, provided that, if more favorable to the holder, any principal
amount and accrued interest due shall convert into securities on the same basis
as such securities are sold in the Qualified Offering. At any time, the holder
may convert the principal amount and accrued interest outstanding into Units as
provided above. In addition, if a Conversion Event does not occur within 12
months of the issuance date hereof, then the holder, at its option, may convert
the outstanding principal amount and accrued interest under this note into
either (i) Units as provided above, or (ii) shares of the Company s common stock
at a per share conversion price of $0.40.  
 21 

On September 28, 2016, MaSTherCell entered into a loan
agreement with an institutional lender (the  Lender ) for Euro 1 million. The
loan bears an annual interest rate of 7% per annum and matures in three years.
The interest will be payable starting September 30, 2017. The proceeds from the
loan are mandated specifically for MaSTherCell. No prepayment is allowed before
September 30, 2017. After such time and up to September 30, 2018, a fee of 3%
shall be due on any prepaid portion of the principal and, after such time and
onward, a fee of 2% shall be due on any prepaid portion of the principal until
maturity. Notwithstanding, any outstanding principal amount is due and payable
upon the Company raising a minimum of Euro 10 million in cumulative new equity
financing, in conjunction with alisting of the Company s common stockon The
NASDAQ Stock Market. 
 22 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
  Forward-Looking Statements   
 This report contains forward-looking statements. The following
discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
related notes contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the
Securities   Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016 (and amended on March
30, 2016). Certain statements made in this discussion are "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events
or financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as  may,   should,   expects,   plans, 
 anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or  continue  or
the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking
statements made in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q may include statements about
our:  

ability to obtain sufficient capital or strategic
      business arrangements to fund our operations and realize our business
      plan;    

ability to grow our Contract Development and
      Manufacturing Organization ( CDMO ) business;    

belief as to whether a meaningful and profitable global
      market can be established for our CDMO business for cell therapy;

intention to develop to the clinical stage a new
      technology to transdifferentiate liver cells into functional
      insulin-producing cells, thus enabling normal glucose regulated insulin
      secretion, via cell therapy;    

belief that our treatment seems to be safer than other
      options;    

belief that one of our principal competitive advantages
      is our cell trans-differentiation technology being developed by our
      Israeli Subsidiary;    

expectations regarding our Israeli Subsidiary s ability
      to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our technology
      and therapies;    

ability to commercialize products in light of the
      intellectual property rights of others;    

ability to obtain funding for operations, including
      funding necessary to prepare for clinical trials and to complete such
      clinical trials;    

future agreements with third parties in connection with
      the commercialization of our technologies;    

size and growth potential of the markets for our product
      candidates, and our ability to serve those markets;    

regulatory developments in the United States and foreign
      countries;    

ability to contract with third-party suppliers and
      manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately;    

plans to integrate and support our manufacturing
      facilities in Belgium;    

success as it is compared to competing therapies that are
      or may become available;    

ability to attract and retain key scientific or
      management personnel and to expand our management team;    

accuracy of estimates regarding expenses, future revenue,
      capital requirements, profitability, and needs for additional financing;

belief that Diabetes Mellitus will be one of the most
      challenging health problems in the 21st century and will have staggering
      health, societal and economic impacts;    

research facility in Israel and the surrounding Middle
      East political situation which may materially adversely affect our Israeli
      Subsidiary s operations and personnel;    

relationship with Tel Hashomer - Medical Research,
      Infrastructure and Services Ltd. ( THM ) and the risk that THM may cancel
      the License Agreement;    

expenditures not resulting in commercially successful
      products; and    

extensive industry regulation, and how that will continue
      to have a significant impact on our business, especially our product
      development, manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
      
 These statements are only predictions and involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the
section entitled  Risk Factors  set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as
filed with the Securities   Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016 (and
amended on March 30, 2016), any of which may cause our Company s or our
industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks may cause the
Company s or its industry s actual results, levels of activity or performance to
be materially different from any future results, levels of activity or
performance expressed or implied by these forward looking statements.  
 23 

Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity or performance. Moreover, neither the Company nor any other
person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these
forward-looking statements. The Company is under no duty to update any
forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform these
statements to actual results.  
 As used in this quarterly report and unless otherwise
indicated, the terms  we,   us,   our,    Orgenesis  or the  Company  refer to
Orgenesis Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, Orgenesis Ltd. (the  Israeli
Subsidiary ), Orgenesis SPRL (the  Belgian Subsidiary ), Orgenesis Maryland,
Inc. (the  U.S. Subsidiary ) and MaSTherCell SA ( MaSTherCell ) our
Belgian-based subsidiary. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are
expressed in United States dollars.  
  Corporate Overview   
 We are among the first of a new breed of regenerative therapy
companies with expertise and unique experience in cell therapy development and
manufacturing. We are building a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company
focused not only on developing our trans-differentiation technologies for
diabetes and vertically integrating manufacturing that can optimize our
abilities to scale-up our technologies for clinical trials and eventual
commercialization, but also do the same for the technologies of other cell
therapy markets in such areas as cell-based cancer immunotherapies and
neurodegenerative diseases. This integrated approach supports our business
philosophy of bringing to market significant life-improving medical
treatments. 
 Our cell therapy technology derives from published work of
Prof. Sarah Ferber, our Chief Science Officer and a researcher at THM, a leading
medical hospital and research center in Israel, who established a proof of
concept that demonstrates the capacity to induce a shift in the developmental
fate of cells from the liver and transdifferentiating (converting) them into
 pancreatic beta cell-like  insulin-producing cells. Furthermore, those cells
were found to be resistant to autoimmune attack and to produce insulin in a
glucose-sensitive manner in relevant animal models. Our development activities
with respect to cell-derived and related therapies, which are conducted through
the Israeli Subsidiary, have, to date, been limited to laboratory and
preclinical testing. Our development plan calls for conducting additional
preclinical safety and efficacy studies with respect to diabetes and other
potential indications.  
 Our Belgian-based subsidiary, MaSTherCell, is a contract
development manufacturing organization, or CDMO, specialized in cell therapy
development for advanced medicinal products. In the last decade, cell therapy
medicinal products have gained significant importance, particularly in the
fields of ex-vivo gene therapy, immunotherapy and regenerative medicine. While
academic and industrial research has led scientific development in the sector,
industrialization and manufacturing expertise remains insufficient. MaSTherCell
plans to fill this need by providing two types of services to its customers: (i)
process and assay development services and (ii) Good Manufacturing Practices
(GMP) contract manufacturing services. These services offer a double advantage
to MaSTherCell's customers. First, customers can continue focusing their
financial and human resources on their product/therapy, while relying on a
trusted source for their process development/production. Second, it allows
customers to profit from MaSTherCell's expertise in cell therapy manufacturing
and all related aspects.  
 We are leveraging the expertise and experience of MaSTherCell
in cell process development and manufacturing capability in order to build a
fully integrated bio-pharmaceutical company in the cell therapy development and
manufacturing area.  
 We were incorporated in the state of Nevada on June 5, 2008,
under the name Business Outsourcing Services, Inc. Effective August 31, 2011, we
completed a merger with our subsidiary, Orgenesis Inc., a Nevada corporation
which was incorporated solely to effect a change in our name. As a result, we
changed our name from  Business Outsourcing Services, Inc.  to  Orgenesis Inc. 
Our common stock is currently listed on the OTC Market, QB tier, under the
symbol  ORGS .  
 24 

Results of Operations   
  Comparison of the Three and Nine months Ended August 31,
2016 to the Three and Nine months Ended August 31,   2015   
  Revenue  
 For the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, our total
revenues were approximately $1.8 and $4.5 million, respectively, compared to
$0.9 and $1.8 million for each of the comparable periods respectively in 2015.
The increase in revenue is attributable to CDMO activities that commenced
following the acquisition of MaSTherCell in March 2015, and the increase in the
volume of services and sales of consumables attributable to new customers.  
  Expenses   
 Our expenses for the three and nine months ended August 31,
2016, are summarized as follows in comparison to its expenses for the three and
nine months ended August 31, 2015:  
 
  Cost of Sales   
 
 Cost of sales for the three and nine months ended August 31,
2016, increased by 38% and 129%, or $503 thousand and $2,974 thousand,
respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015. The
increase in costs of sales for the nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared
to the corresponding period last year was partly due to consolidation of the
full period results of MaSTherCell in the 2016 period. 
 25 

Salaries and related expenses for the three and nine months
ended August 31, 2016 increased by 73% and 200%, or $310 thousand and $1,517,
respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015. The
increase in salaries and related expenses in each of the three and nine month
periods ended August 31, 2016, compared to the corresponding period last year,
was due to recruitment of new employees as part of our plans to expand our
capacity in the manufacturing facility in Belgium and to the need to increase
our professional employees force following a new customer that we had from June
2015. Accordingly, we employed an average of 78 and 63 employees in the three
and nine months ended August 31, 2016, respectively, compared to 31 and 28
employees in the corresponding   period last year.  
 Professional fees and consulting services for the three and
nine months ended August 31, 2016 increased by 73% and 126%, or $97 thousand and
$304 thousand, respectively compared to the three and nine months ended August
31, 2015. The increase in professional fees and consulting services in the three
and nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the three and nine months
ended August 31, 2015, was primarily due to two new consultants and $160
thousand with a new service provider. 
 Raw materials for the three and nine months ended August 31,
2016 increased by 24% and 94%, or $120 thousand and $1,256 thousand,
respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015. The
increase in raw materials in the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016,
compared to the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015, was due to the
expansion of MaSTherCell production activities, increase in the number of
customers and the execution of two qualification runs. 
 Amortization and depreciation expenses, net for the nine months
ended August 31, 2016 increased by 56%, or $277 thousand, compared to the nine
months ended August 31, 2015. The increase in amortization and depreciation
expenses in the nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the nine months
ended August 31, 2015, was due to the depreciation expenses of equipment
purchased in 2016 for two production rooms and a new clean room.  
  Research and Development Expenses, net   
 
 The increase in salaries and related expenses in each of the
three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, respectively, compared to the three
and nine months ended August 31, 2015, is primarily due to the expansion of our
development team in Belgium from one part time employee to three employees. In
additiona, in the nine months ended August 31, 2016 we expanded our research and
development team in our Israeli subsidiary compared to the same period last
year.  
 The increase in stock-based compensation expenses in the three
and nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the same period last year, is
mainly due to a new grant of options for one of the executives recorded in
amount of $154 thousand and $30 thousand change in the fair value valuation of
options granted to one of our consultant in August 2014.  
 The decrease in professional fees and consulting services in
the nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the nine months ended august
31, 2015, is primarily due to the merger with MaSTherCell, which was one of our
subcontractors for the DGO6 project before the acquisition.  
 26 

The increase in lab expenses in the three and nine months ended
August 31, 2016, compared to the same period last year is mainly due to a final
experiment held by Pall Life Science Belgium BVBA ( Pall ) and the tech transfer
held in second quarter of 2016, regarding the work done by Pall to MaSTherCell.
 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and
nine months ended August 31, 2016 increased by 34% and 64%, or $326 thousand and
$1,807 thousand, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended
August 31, 2015. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is
partly due to MaSTherCell activities of $399 thousand during the nine months
ended August 31, 2015 which was consolidated only from March 2, 2015.  
 Furthermore the decrease in salaries and related expenses in
the nine months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the corresponding period last
year is due to decrease in the number of management positions. The increase in
accounting and legal fees expenses is primarily attributable to legal fees
incurred in connection with a new patent application that we submitted in twelve
countries.  
 The increase in stock-based compensation expenses in the nine
months ended August 31, 2016 compared to corresponding period last year was due
to new grants for two executives on April 27, 2016 for which we recorded a
charge in the amount of $468 thousand and stock-based compensation related to
options and shares granted to seven consultants in the amount of $881 thousand.
The increase in stock-based compensation expenses in the three months ended
August 31, 2016 compared to corresponding period last year was due to
stock-based compensation related to options and shares granted to three
consultants in the amount of $210 thousand. 
 The increase in Selling, general and administrative expenses
for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 was partially offset by a decrease of
$129 thousand in professional fees due to reduced reliance on outside
professionals compared to the corresponding period last year. The increase in
rent and related expenses in the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016
compared to the same period last year is due to the leasing of additional
offices permises for our subsidiary MaSTherCell. The increase in business
development expenses in the nine months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the
corresponding period last year is due to an increase in the number of
conferences we attended for marketing our CDMO business during 2016 and travel
expenses, respectively, for our subsidiary MaSTherCell.    
 27 

Financial Expenses (Income), net   
 
 The decrease in financial income for the nine months ended
August 31, 2016, compared to the corresponding period last year was mainly due
to a decrease of $840 thousand in the interest income from the changes in fair
value of warrants and financial liabilities measured at fair value. This change
was mainly due to a decrease of $520 thousand in the income from changes in fair
value related to warrants which expired during the nine months ended August 31,
2015, a decrease of $890 thousand in the interest income from changes in fair
value of convertible bonds mainly due changes in our assumptions related to the
occurrence of the convertible bonds conversion option during the nine months
period ended 2015 and a decrease of $636 thousand in the fair value of the
embedded derivatives due to the fact that in 2015 there was a strong influence
of the share price that decreased. This decrease was partially offset by
interest income of $1,461 thousand in the nine months ended August 31, 2016 from
changes in Fair value of the price protection derivative, due to updated in our
assumptions related to the probabilities of activating the anti dilution
mechanism and $2,290 thousand loss from extinguishment of a convertible loan.
Furthermore, the decrease in interest income from the changes in fair value of
warrants and financial liabilities as we mention above was partially offset by
an increase of $ $152 thousand in foreign exchange gain.  
 The increase in financial expenses for the three months ended
August 31, 2016, compared to the same period of 2015, is mainly attributable to
an increase of $779 thousand in the fair value of warrants, price protection
derivative and the embedded derivative due to an increase in our share price
during the three months ended August 31, 2016 as oppose to a decrease in our
share price during the three months ended August 31, 2015 and due to a decrease
of $343 thousand in the interest income from changes in fair value of the
convertible bonds mainly due changes in our assumptions related to the
occurrence of the convertible bonds conversion option during the three months
period ended 2015. This increase was partially offset by an increase of $126
thousand in foreign exchange gain and decrease of $97 thousand in interest
expense of MaSTherCell loans following repayment of loans.  
  Liquidity and Financial Condition   
 Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily
through the sale of our securities and, more recently, through revenue generated
from the activities of MaSTherCell, our Belgian Subsidiary. As of August 31,
2016, we had negative working capital of $9.6 million, including cash and cash
equivalents of $0.3 million.  
  Working Capital Deficiency   

The decrease in current assets is mainly due to a decrease of
$3.9 million in cash and cash equivalents that were used for, among other
things, the repayment of short and long-term debt and expanding the capacity of
the manufacturing facility in Belgium in order to meet customers demands. This
was partially offset by an increase of $0.7 and $0.3 million in the amount of
accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other receivables. The decrease in current liabilities is mainly due to a decrease of
$1.7 million in short-term loans and current maturities of long term loans, a
decrease of $1 million in current maturities of convertible loans following the
conversion to equity that was offset by $0.5 million change in fair value of
certain convertible loans and a decrease of $1.3 million in price protection
derivative (Due to foregoing we updated our assumptions related to the
probabilities of activating the anti-dilution mechanism and the decrease in the
life of the price protection derivative). This was offset by an increase in the
amount of $0.8 million in warrants and an increase in the amount of $1.4 in
accounts payable and employee and related payables.  
 28 

Cash Flows   

The increase in net cash used in operating activities for the
nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the nine months ended August 31,
2015, was mainly due to the CDMO activities that commenced pursuant to the
acquisition of MaSTherCell in March 2015 and the expansion of the capacity of
our production factory that included, among other things, doubling the number of
employees and renting additional area.  
 The increase in net cash used in investing activities for the
nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the nine months ended August 31,
2015, was due to the expanding of the manufacturing area of MaSTherCell in
Belgium.  
 The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the nine months ended August
31, 2015, was due to a decrease of $0.5 million in short-term line of credit,
increase in repayment of short and long-term loans in amount of $1.8 million on
the CDMO segment and a decrease of $0.8 million in the proceeds from issuance of
loans payable, which was offset by increase in the proceeds from issuance of
shares and warrants in the amount of $1.5 million in the nine months ended
August 31, 2016 as oppose to none in the nine months ended August 31, 2015, and
by increase in the net proceeds from issuance of convertible loans in the amount
of $0.6 million during the nine months ended August 31, 2016.  
 We need to raise additional operating capital on an immediate
basis. Management believes that our current cash resources will not allow us to
conduct operations as presently conducted through the balance of this fiscal
year unless we are able to raise additional capital. Without additional sources
of cash and/or the deferral, reduction, or elimination of significant planned
expenditures, we will not have the cash resources to remain as a going concern
thereafter.  
 The factors that can impact our ability to continue to fund our
operating needs through fiscal 2016 include, but are not limited to:  

Our ability to expand revenue volume at MaSTherCell,
      which is highly dependent on finite manufacturing facilities;    

Our ability to maintain manufacturing costs at
      MaSTherCell as expected; and    

Our continued need to reduce our cost structure while
      simultaneously expanding the breadth of our business, continuing the
      development of our technology, enhancing our technical capabilities, and
      pursing new business opportunities.     
 If we cannot effectively manage these factors, including
closing new revenue opportunities from existing and new customers for our CDMO
business, we will need to raise additional capital to support our business on or
before such date. Except for the credit facility discussed below, we have no
commitments for any such funding, and there are no assurances that such additional sources of liquidity can be
obtained on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. If the Company is unable
to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to the Company,
the Company will not have the cash resources to continue as a going concern. 
 29 

Going Concern   
 The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern.
We have net losses for the period from inception (June 5, 2008) through August
31, 2016 of $27 million, as well as negative cash flows from operating
activities. Our management estimates that the cash and cash equivalents balance
as of August 31, 2016 of $270 thousand is not sufficient to fund the Company s
operational and clinical development activities for the twelve months following
August 31, 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the our ability to
continue as a going concern. During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, we
received proceeds of approximately $4.4 million from customers. We raised
proceeds of $0.5 from the proceeds of private placements to qualified investors
and net proceeds of 1.3 million from the proceeds of convertible loans. In
addition, after the period ended August 31, 2016, we raised an additional $50
thousand from convertible loans and received $1.2 million (1 million Euro) loan.
 
 Management is in ongoing financing discussions with third party
investors and existing shareholders with a view to secure the needed financing.
However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful with those
initiatives.  
 The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent on
our ability to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to
attain profitability. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of
equity, the percentage ownership of current shareholders could be reduced, and
such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to its
common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on
acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective business
endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict
our future plans for developing its business and achieving commercial revenues.
If we are unable to obtain the necessary capital when needed, we may have to
cease operations.  
 On September 9, 2015, the Israeli Subsidiary entered into a
Pharma Cooperation and Project Funding Agreement (CPFA) with BIRD and Pall
Corporation, a U.S. company. BIRD will give a conditional grant of $400 thousand
each (according to terms defined in the agreement), for a joint research and
development project for the use of Autologous Insulin Producing (AIP) Cells for
the Treatment of Diabetes (the  Project ). The Project started on March 1, 2015.
Upon the conclusion of product development, the grant shall be repaid at the
rate of 5% of gross sales. The grant will be used solely to finance the costs to
conduct the research of the project during a period of 18 months starting on
March 1, 2015. During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, the Israeli
Subsidiary received an additional $100 thousand under the grant.  
 During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, we entered into
definitive agreements with accredited and other qualified investors relating to
a private placement (the  Private Placement ) of (i) 2,860,578 shares of the
Company s common stock and (ii) three year warrants to purchase up to an
additional 2,860,578 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a per share
exercise price of $0.52. The purchased securities were issued pursuant to
subscription agreements between the Company and the purchasers for aggregate
proceeds to the Company of $1,488 thousand. Furthermore, in certain events
(according to terms defined in the agreements) the Company will issue, for no
additional consideration, additional common shares to subscribers which total
each Subscriber s subscription proceeds divided by the New Issuance Price, minus
the number of shares already issued to such subscriber.  
 During the three months ended August 31, 2016 we entered into
several unsecured convertible note agreements with accredited or offshore
investors for an aggregate amount of $1.3 million. The loans bear an annual
interest rate of 6% and mature in two years, unless converted earlier. The
entire principal amount under the notes and accrued interest shall automatically
convert into  Units  (as defined below) upon the earlier to occur of any of the
following: (i) the closing of an offering of equity securities with gross
proceeds to us greater than $10 million (ii) the trading of the Company s common
stock on the over-the counter market or an exchange at a weighted average price
of at least $0.52 for fifty (50) consecutive trading days, or (iii) the listing
of the Company s Common Stock on a U.S. National Exchange (each a  Conversion Event ). Upon the occurrence of a
Conversion Event, each $0.52 of principal amount and accrued interest due is to
convert into (a  Unit ), consisting of one share of Common Stock and one
three-year warrant exercisable into an additional share of common stock at a per
share exercise price of $0.52, provided that, if more favorable to the holder,
any principal amount and accrued interest due shall convert into securities on
the same basis as such securities are sold in the Qualified Offering. At any
time, the holder may convert the principal amount and accrued interest
outstanding into Units as provided above. In addition, if a Conversion Event
does not occur within 12 months of the issuance date hereof, then the holder, at
its option, may convert the outstanding principal amount and accrued interest
under this note into either (i) Units as provided above, or (ii) shares of the
Company s common stock at a per share conversion price of $0.40. 
 30 

On April 2016, the Belgian Subsidiary received the formal
approval from the Walloon Region, Belgium (Service Public of Wallonia, DGO6) for
a budgeted EUR 1,304 thousand ($1,455 thousand) support program for the
development of a potential cure for Type 1 Diabetes. The financial support is
awarded to the Belgium subsidiary as a recoverable advance payment at 55% of
budgeted costs, or for a total of EUR 717 thousand ($800 thousand). The grant
will be paid to us over the project period.  
 On August 26, 2016, the Israeli Subsidiary entered into a
pharma Cooperation and Project Funding Agreement (CPFA) with KORIL and CureCell.
KORIL will give a conditional grant up to $400 thousand each (according to terms
defined in the agreement), for a joint research and development project for the
use Autologous Insulin Producing (AIP) Cells for the Treatment of Diabetes (the
 Project ). The Project started on June 1, 2016. Upon the conclusion of product
development, the grant shall be repaid at the yearly rate of 2.5% of gross
sales. The grant will be used solely to finance the costs to conduct the
research of the project during a period of 18 months starting on June 1, 2016.
In June 2016, the Israeli Subsidiary received $160 thousand under the grant. 
 During 2016 and 2015, we have received certain grant funding
and have relied and expect to continue to rely on such funding to further our
clinical development in the future.  
 On September 28, 2016, our subsidiary MaSTherCell, entered into
a loan agreement with an institutional lender (the  Lender ) for Euro 1 million.
The loan bears an annual interest rate of 7% per annum and matures in three
years. The interest will be payable starting September 30, 2017. The proceeds
from the loan are mandated specifically for MaSTherCell. No prepayment is
allowed until after September 30, 2017. After such time and up to September 30,
2018, a fee of 3% shall be due on any prepaid portion of the principal and,
after such time and onward, a fee of 2% shall be due on any prepaid portion of
the principal until maturity. Notwithstanding, any outstanding principal amount
is due and payable upon the Company raising a minimum of Euro 10 million in
cumulative new equity financing in conjunction with a listing of the Company s
common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market  
  Cash Requirements  
 Subject to raising adequate funds, our plan of operation over
the next 12 months is to:  

initiate regulatory activities in Europe and the United
      States;    

locate suitable facility in the U.S. for tech transfer
      and manufacturing scale-up;    

purchase equipment needed for its cell production
      process;    

hire key personnel including in GMP implementation and
      general and administrative;    

collaborate with clinical centers and regulators to carry
      out clinical studies and clinical safety testing;    

identify optional technologies for scale up of the cells
      production process; and    

initialize efforts to validate the manufacturing process.
          
 We estimates our operating capital needs for the next 12 months
as of August 31, 2016 to be as follows (in thousands):    

31 

Future Financing   
 We will need to raise additional capital to both supplement our
preclinical developments that are not covered by any grant funding and to cover
the global expanding of CDMO activities. These funds may be raised through
equity financing, debt financing, or other sources, which may result in further
dilution in the equity ownership of our shares. There can be no assurance that
additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that
it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to
obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, or generate significant
material revenues from operations, we will not be able to meet its other
obligations as they become due and will be forced to scale down or perhaps even
cease the our operations.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are
reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to stockholders.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 See Note 2 for a discussion of Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements.  
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK   
  Currency Exchange Risk   
 Due to our acquisition of MaSTherCell, currency exchange rates
impact our financial performance. The majority of our balance sheet exposure
relates to Euro-denominated assets and liabilities as a result of our
acquisition of MaSTherCell. Further, our total revenues are in Euros and as such
our results of operations are directly impacted by Euro-denominated cash flows.
We will continue to monitor exposure to currency fluctuations. Instruments that
may be used to protect us against future risks may include foreign currency
forward and swap contracts. These instruments may be used to selectively manage
risks, but there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against
material foreign currency fluctuations. We do not use derivative financial
instruments for speculative or trading purposes.  
  Interest Rate Risk   
 We are exposed to market risks resulting from changes in
interest rates due to short term-loan which bears interest of libor rate. We do
not use derivative financial instruments to limit exposure to interest rate
risk. 
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
Company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s president
and chief executive officer (who is the Company s principal executive officer)
and the Company s chief financial officer, treasurer, and secretary (who is the Company s
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) to allow for
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures, the Company s management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives, and the Company s management is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
The ineffectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures was due
to material weaknesses identified in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting, described below.  
 32 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting   
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting. In order to
evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as
required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our management, with
the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal
financial officer has conducted an assessment, including testing, using the
criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) (2013). Our system
of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. This
assessment included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the
design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of
controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, the
Company s management concluded its internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of August 31, 2016. The ineffectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material
weaknesses which are indicative of many small companies with small number of
staff:  

(i)  
     
       inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control
      objectives; and   
   
     (ii)  
     
       ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure
      and reporting processes.    
 Our management believes the weaknesses identified above have
not had any material affect on our financial results. However, we are currently
reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures related to these material
weaknesses and expect to implement changes in the next quarter, including
identifying specific areas within our governance, accounting and financial
reporting processes to add adequate resources to potentially mitigate these
material weaknesses.  
 Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the
effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls
over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further
action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary.
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation.  
  Management s Remediation Plan   
 We plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our
internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material
weaknesses identified above. However, with the appointment of additional
qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties during this
third fiscal quarter, we plan to implement the following changes during the next
quarter: 

(i)  
     
       utilize the additional qualified personnel we have
      appointed in this period to address ineffective risk management and
      implement modifications to our financial controls to address such
      inadequacies; and   
   
     (ii)  
     
       adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for
      accounting and financial reporting.    
 33 

The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are now
dependent on our company finalizing the written policies and procedures so that
we can begin implementing them during our fiscal fourth quarter 2016. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within our company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple errors or mistakes or because of not continuously modifying such
internal controls as the business evolves.  
 Management believes that despite our material weaknesses set
forth above, our condensed financial statements for the quarter ended August 31,
2016 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with US GAAP.
 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
  
 During the three months ended August 31, 2016, there were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control
over financial reporting.  
 34 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 The Company knows of no material pending legal proceedings to
which the Company or its Subsidiaries are a party or of which any of its
properties, or the properties of its Subsidiaries, are the subject. In addition,
the Company does not know of any such proceedings contemplated by any
governmental authorities.  
 The Company knows of no material proceedings in which any of
the Company s directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial
stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or its Subsidiaries or has a
material interest adverse to the Company or its Subsidiaries.  
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
 An investment in the Company s common stock involves a number
of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors
included in the  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended November 30, 2015, as filed with the Securities   Exchange
Commission on February 29, 2016 (and amended on March 30, 2016), in addition to
other information contained in those reports and in this quarterly report in
evaluating the Company and its business before purchasing shares of its common
stock. The Company s business, operating results and financial condition could
be adversely affected due to any of those risks.  
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS   
 The following paragraph sets forth certain information with
respect to all securities sold by us during the nine months ended August 31,
2016 without registration under the Securities Act:  
 During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, we entered into
definitive agreements with accredited and other qualified investors relating to
a private placement (the  Private Placement ) of (i) 2,860,578 shares of the
Company s common stock and (ii) three year warrants to purchase up to an
additional 2,860,578 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share
exercise price of $0.52. The purchased securities were issued pursuant to
subscription agreements between the Company and the purchasers for aggregate
proceeds to the Company of $1,488 thousand. Furthermore, in certain events
(according to terms defined in the agreements) the Company will issue, for no
additional consideration, additional common shares to subscribers which total
each subscriber s subscription proceeds divided by a new issuance price, minus
the number of shares already issued to such subscriber.  
 All of the securities issued in the transactions described
above were issued without registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon
the exemptions provided in Section 4 (a) (2) of the Securities Act or Regulation
S under such Securities Act. Except with respect to securities sold under
Regulation S, the recipients of securities in each such transaction acquired the
securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection
with any distribution thereof. Appropriate legends were affixed to the share
certificates issued in all of the above transactions. Each of the recipients
represented that they were  accredited investors  within the meaning of Rule
501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, or had such knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the
merits and risks of an investment in its common stock. All recipients had
adequate access, through their relationships with the Company and its officers
and directors, to information about the Company. None of the transactions
described above involved general solicitation or advertising.  
  ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
 None.  
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
 Not Applicable.  
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   
 None.  
 35 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
 Exhibits required by Regulation S-K:  

*Filed herewith  
 36 

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ORGENESIS INC.    

By:   

/s/ Vered
      Caplan    
   
     Vered Caplan   
   
     President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson of the
      Board   
   
     (Principal
      Executive Officer)   
   
     Date: October 14, 2016   

/s/ Neil
      Reithinger    
   
     Neil Reithinger   
   
     Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary   
   
     (Principal
      Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   
   
     Date: October 14, 2016    

 37 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Orgenesis Inc.: Exhibit 10.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Orgenesis Inc.: Exhibit 31.1- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1   
  ORGENESIS INC.    CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 I, Vered Caplan, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
      the quarter ended August 31, 2016 of Orgenesis Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

(a)  
     
       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under the
      Company s supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the
      Company by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
      which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under the Company s supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
      the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report the
      Company s conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
      and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
      on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on the Company s most recent evaluation of internal
      control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
      audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

By:   

/s/ Vered
      Caplan    
   
     Vered Caplan   
   
     President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson of the
      Board   
   
     (Principal
      Executive Officer)   
   
     Datev: October 14, 2016    

 41 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Orgenesis Inc.: Exhibit 31.2- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2   
  ORGENESIS INC.    CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 I, Neil Reithinger, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
      the quarter ended August 31, 2016 of Orgenesis Inc.;   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

(a)  
     
       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under the
      Company s supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the
      Company by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
      which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under the Company s supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
      the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report the
      Company s conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
      and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
      on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
      disclosed, based on the Company s most recent evaluation of internal
      control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
      audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

By:   

/s/ Neil
      Reithinger    
   
     Neil Reithinger   
   
     Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary   
   
     (Principal
      Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   
   
     Date: October 14, 2016    

 42 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Orgenesis Inc.: Exhibit 32.1- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 The undersigned, Vered Caplan, hereby certifies, pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a)  
     
       The quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Orgenesis Inc. for
      the quarter ended August 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of
      section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
  and   

(b)  
     
       Information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of Orgenesis Inc.     

By:   

/s/ Vered
      Caplan    
   
     Vered Caplan   
   
     President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson of the
      Board   
   
     (Principal
      Executive Officer)   
   
     Date: October 14, 2016    

 43 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Orgenesis Inc.: Exhibit 32.2- Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 The undersigned, Neil Reithinger, hereby certifies, pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a)  
     
       The quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Orgenesis Inc. for
      the quarter ended August 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of
      section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
  and   

(b)  
     
       Information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of Orgenesis Inc.     

By:   

/s/ Neil
      Reithinger    
   
     Neil Reithinger   
   
     Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary   
   
     (Principal
      Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   
   
     Date: October 14, 2016    

 44 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 orgs-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 orgs-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 orgs-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 orgs-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 orgs-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 orgs-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

